Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AEGON - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AEGON with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pacer Advisors Inc. Acquires 4,200 Shares of SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) CDW Corp (CDW) Position Boosted by Pacer Advisors Inc. The Valspar Corp (VAL) Position Raised by Pacer Advisors Inc. 10,360 Shares in First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Acquired by Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Belden Inc. (BDC) Position Boosted by Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Acquires New Position in USG Co. (USG) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in AEGON (AEG) Syngenta AG (SYT) Position Increased by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Moshe Gavrielov Sells 600 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stock Jonathan D. Porter Sells 300 Shares of athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Stock Bruno P. Geremia Acquires 4,400 Shares of Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Stock Jeffrey Gough Buys 3,400 Shares of SunOpta, Inc. (SOY) Stock Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) Insider Cory Wade Neufeld Acquires 1,000 Shares Amerigo Resources LTD (ARG) Insider Nauman (Nick) Toor Buys 44,500 Shares of Stock Mason Street Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Mason Street Advisors LLC Acquires 1,523 Shares of Aecom (ACM) 65,508 Shares in HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Acquired by Messner & Smith Theme Value Investment Management Ltd. CA Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Shares Sold by Mason Street Advisors LLC Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in AEGON (AEG) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of AEGON (NYSE:AEG) by 19.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 926,324 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 149,401 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in AEGON were worth $4,747,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of AEGON by 126.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 451,766 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,744,000 after buying an additional 252,036 shares during the last quarter. Traynor Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in AEGON during the third quarter valued at approximately $255,000. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in AEGON by 1,914.5% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 27,921 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 26,535 shares during the period. HighTower Advisors LLC boosted its stake in AEGON by 58.2% in the third quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 162,105 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $627,000 after buying an additional 59,654 shares during the period. Finally, Private Management Group Inc. boosted its stake in AEGON by 6.6% in the third quarter. Private Management Group Inc. now owns 6,351,475 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $24,517,000 after buying an additional 391,226 shares during the period. 9.46% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. AEGON (NYSE:AEG) traded up 1.45% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $4.91. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,426,770 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $5.06 and a 200 day moving average of $5.29. AEGON has a 1-year low of $3.36 and a 1-year high of $5.84. The firm has a market capitalization of $10.02 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.50 and a beta of 1.51. AEGON (NYSE:AEG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $9.34 billion during the quarter. AEGON had a return on equity of 5.87% and a net margin of 1.78%. Equities analysts expect that AEGON will post $0.68 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be paid a $0.1379 dividend. This represents a yield of 5.03%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 23rd. AEGON’s dividend payout ratio is currently 89.29%. WARNING: “Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in AEGON (AEG)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/envestnet-asset-management-inc-raises-stake-in-aegon-aeg.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut AEGON from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, May 12th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. AEGON currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $5.38. AEGON Company Profile Aegon N.V. (Aegon) is an international life insurance, pensions and asset management company. The Company’s segments include the Americas, which includes the United States, Mexico and Brazil; the Netherlands; the United Kingdom; Central & Eastern Europe; Spain & Portugal; Asia, and Aegon Asset Management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AEGON (NYSE:AEG). Receive News & Ratings for AEGON Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AEGON and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ITV plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ITV plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shire PLC (SHP) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for ITV plc (ITV) National Grid plc (NG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Elbit Systems (ESLT) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.17 J M Smucker Co (SJM) Stake Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Position Reduced by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Acquires 425 Shares of J M Smucker Co (SJM) Cambrex Co. (CBM) Stake Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Schroders plc (SDR) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Compass Group plc (CPG) Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $91.381 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Stake Decreased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Royal Bank of Canada Raises Kraft Heinz Foods Co (HNZ) Price Target to $14.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) to Sell Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for ITV plc (ITV) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of ITV plc (LON: ITV) in the last few weeks: 5/12/2017 – ITV plc had its price target lowered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 233 ($3.01) to GBX 218 ($2.81). They now have a ” neutral” rating on the stock. 5/11/2017 – ITV plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on the stock. 5/11/2017 – ITV plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 218 ($2.81) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 233 ($3.01). 5/11/2017 – ITV plc had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.58) price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 5/10/2017 – ITV plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 230 ($2.97) price target on the stock. 5/9/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on the stock. 5/9/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. 5/4/2017 – ITV plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 180 ($2.32) price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on the stock. 5/2/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 4/26/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – ITV plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 240 ($3.10) price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – ITV plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on the stock. 4/19/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 4/12/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 256 ($3.30) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 257 ($3.32). 4/10/2017 – ITV plc had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 255 ($3.29) to GBX 265 ($3.42). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/7/2017 – ITV plc was downgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 233 ($3.01) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 235 ($3.03). 4/3/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – ITV plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.58) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – ITV plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on the stock. Shares of ITV plc (LON:ITV) traded up 0.37% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 192.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 13,897,680 shares. ITV plc has a 52-week low of GBX 141.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 225.59. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 7.70 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 209.81 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 198.43. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a dividend of GBX 9.80 ($0.13) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 4.63%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from ITV plc’s previous dividend of $2.40. In other news, insider Anna Manz acquired 1,054 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 212 ($2.74) per share, with a total value of £2,234.48 ($2,884.32). Also, insider Adam Crozier sold 240,534 shares of ITV plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 210 ($2.71), for a total value of £505,121.40 ($652,021.94). ITV plc (ITV) is an integrated producer broadcaster. The Company creates, owns and distributes content on multiple platforms. It operates through two segments: Broadcast & Online and ITV Studios. The Broadcast & Online segment operates the commercial family of channels in the United Kingdom and delivers content through television broadcasting. Receive News & Ratings for ITV plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ITV plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Saudi-U.S. Ties Shift as Kingdom Turns to Trump for Investments by Matthew Martin @mideastmatthew More stories by Matthew Martin May 18, 2017, 10:56 AM EDT May 19, 2017, 12:19 AM EDT JPMorgan, Exxon and Boeing bosses to join Trump in Riyadh “The relationship with the U.S. is entering a new phase” What to Expect When Trump Visits Saudi Arabia Just a few years back, the business relationship between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia was pretty simple: The Americans bought oil, and the Saudis spent much of what they earned on equipment to keep the crude flowing and on planes, tanks, and missiles to protect their borders. With crude prices down by half over the past three years, U.S. domestic oil production up dramatically, and the kingdom embarking on unprecedented economic reforms -- including the sale of a stake in its state-owned oil company -- the leverage is shifting toward the Americans as the U.S. emerges as a rival energy exporter. The changing relationship will come into sharp focus this weekend, as American corporate titans visit Riyadh for an investment summit scheduled to coincide with Donald Trump’s first foreign trip as U.S. president. “At this point, the Saudis need the U.S. more than the reverse,” said Philippe Dauba-Pantanacce, global geopolitical strategist at Standard Chartered Plc in the U.K. “They need foreign direct investment to transform the economy, and the U.S. doesn’t need oil anymore.” For Trump, the visit could provide a welcome respite from the turmoil he has unleashed in Washington over his firing of FBI Director James Comey and the investigation into Russian meddling in the presidential campaign. Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz wants backing for a plan to reduce the role of the state and wean the economy off of oil -- without stoking popular discontent. The American executives will want deals. Some, like Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and Morgan Stanley boss James Gorman, already have agreements to advise oil giant Saudi Aramco on its initial public offering, which may be the largest ever. JPMorgan and Citigroup Inc. helped arrange a $17.5 billion Saudi bond sale last year and a $9 billion Islamic bond issue in April. This weekend the banks will aim for more contracts as the Saudis prepare to sell other state assets. Defense Sales Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg and Lockheed Martin Corp. head Marillyn Hewson will be looking to cement defense sales. Aramco could sign at least 10 deals with companies including General Electric Co. and oil field-service businesses Schlumberger Ltd. and Halliburton Co. to open manufacturing plants in the kingdom, people familiar with the plans say. The U.S. executives are expected to meet the Saudi ministers of finance, energy, and commerce and the head of the kingdom’s sovereign wealth fund, according to a draft agenda for the conference, which was hastily arranged after the Trump visit was announced just two weeks ago. They’ll discuss privatizations, investment opportunities, and the role of the Saudi sovereign fund, then they’ll travel to the Royal Court to sign agreements totaling billions of dollars as Trump and King Salman look on. “Though ties have historically been strong, nothing of this scale and depth has ever happened before,” said John Sfakianakis, a director at the Gulf Research Center in Riyadh. “The relationship with the U.S. is entering a new phase.” Asia Tour In March, King Salman returned from a tour of Asia with agreements potentially worth tens of billions of dollars, including $65 billion from China, $13 billion from Malaysia and Indonesia, and 43 potential projects with Japanese companies. Contracts unveiled this weekend could well eclipse those deals, Sfakianakis said. The Saudis have been enthusiastic about Trump after a lukewarm relationship with Barack Obama. The kingdom claimed relations had reached a “historic turning point” in March when Trump met Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman at the White House. After the meeting, Trump offered his support for a new U.S.-Saudi program in energy, industry, infrastructure and technology that could lead to more than $200 billion in investments over the next four years.  That’s not to say the Saudis, who have cash reserves topping $500 billion, are no longer looking for investment opportunities. The country’s Public Investment Fund is expected to announce plans to plow $40 billion into U.S. infrastructure, and it’s seeking partners in the defense industry to help develop domestic arms production.  The goal is to create jobs. The government’s reform plan has so far focused largely on trimming generous fuel and energy subsidies, and scrapping bloated infrastructure projects -- moves that have helped slow economic growth from 10 percent in 2011 to just 0.4 percent this year, the International Monetary Fund predicts. ‘Not All About Austerity’ “A big part of Saudi Arabia’s message is that the reform program is not all about austerity,’’ said Monica Malik, chief economist at Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank PJSC. “They will be keen to show some concrete commitments from U.S. companies and that this is a two-way street.’’ The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Some analysts caution that while the executives may announce billions of dollars worth of agreements, many of those will have long been in the works. And some newer deals announced with great fanfare will simply be agreements to explore investment opportunities, which can later be quietly dropped with few repercussions, said Peter Salisbury, a fellow at Chatham House, an international affairs research group in London. “I expect to see a flurry of exciting-sounding deals with some large figures attached,” Salisbury said. “When you dig into them, they will be largely pre-existing agreements or early agreements that may or may not actually translate into action.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil U.S. Stocks, Dollar Rebound; Brazil Shares Plunge: Markets Wrap The Volatility Buyer Known as '50 Cent' Just Had a Huge Payday One Dead After Car Plows Into Times Square Crowd; Terrorism Not Suspected Brazil's Assets Dive as Political Crisis Engulfs President Temer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vipshop Holdings Ltd - - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vipshop Holdings Ltd - with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Sells 3,550 Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. RPM International Inc. (RPM) Rating Increased to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Parsec Financial Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Strs Ohio Boosts Stake in J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) PharMerica Co. (PMC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Increases Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Price Target to $18.00 Strs Ohio Has $1,126,000 Position in CACI International Inc (CACI) Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Has $1.993 Million Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Continues to Hold Stake in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Ally Financial Inc (ALLY) Shares Bought by Strs Ohio Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Rev Group Inc (REVG) to Hold Strs Ohio Has $1.143 Million Position in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Has $1,465,000 Stake in CSRA Inc (CSRA) Strs Ohio Has $1.137 Million Position in Macy's Inc (M) Nike Inc (NKE) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Position Reduced by Strs Ohio Trex Company Inc (TREX) Stake Reduced by Strs Ohio Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (NYSE:VIPS) was upgraded by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a $18.00 price target on the technology company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target points to a potential upside of 30.25% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. They set an “overweight” rating and a $17.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Benchmark Co. started coverage on shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “buy” rating and a $17.00 target price for the company. TheStreet raised shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $18.80 target price on shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $16.11. Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (NYSE:VIPS) opened at 13.82 on Tuesday. Vipshop Holdings Ltd – has a 52-week low of $10.21 and a 52-week high of $17.41. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $13.71 and its 200 day moving average is $12.64. The company has a market cap of $8.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.26 and a beta of 1.64. Vipshop Holdings Ltd – also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Monday. Stock traders purchased 10,889 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 1,011% compared to the average daily volume of 980 put options. Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (NYSE:VIPS) last released its earnings results on Monday, May 15th. The technology company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.01. Vipshop Holdings Ltd – had a return on equity of 50.65% and a net margin of 3.45%. The business had revenue of $15.95 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.62 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.16 EPS. Vipshop Holdings Ltd -‘s quarterly revenue was up 31.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Vipshop Holdings Ltd – will post $0.82 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/vipshop-holdings-ltd-vips-stock-rating-upgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – by 4,449.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 17,839,154 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $237,973,000 after buying an additional 17,447,045 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – by 52.0% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 30,780,132 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $410,608,000 after buying an additional 10,529,919 shares during the last quarter. FIL Ltd boosted its position in shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – by 55.6% in the fourth quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 24,409,800 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $268,752,000 after buying an additional 8,725,770 shares during the last quarter. Comgest Global Investors S.A.S. boosted its position in shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – by 36.6% in the fourth quarter. Comgest Global Investors S.A.S. now owns 21,983,703 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $242,041,000 after buying an additional 5,891,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its position in shares of Vipshop Holdings Ltd – by 131.6% in the first quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 8,251,172 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $110,730,000 after buying an additional 4,688,120 shares during the last quarter. 77.07% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Vipshop Holdings Ltd – Vipshop Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company is an online discount retailer for brands in China. The Company offers branded products to consumers in China through flash sales mainly on its vip.com Website. The Company’s segment is sales, product distribution and offering of goods on its online platforms. Receive News & Ratings for Vipshop Holdings Ltd - Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vipshop Holdings Ltd - and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump shows wear from a brutal week Gowdy poised to replace Chaffetz as Oversight chief Key moments from Trump's first press conference since firing Comey What Donald Trump Needs to Know About Bob Mueller and Jim Comey Lieberman emerges as front-runner for FBI post Trump calls appointment of special prosecutor 'the single greatest witch hunt' Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print The special prosecutor: ROBERT S. MUELLER III -- TRUMP’s reaction to bad news: ‘extremely measured’ -- ‘RADIO SILENCE’ from White House on growing crisis -- EX-CAMPAIGN aides back in the fray By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/18/2017 07:02 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2qzJ8mP ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Good Thursday morning. Story Continued Below CONNECTING THE DOTS -- The Washington Post’s Adam Entous published a fascinating story yesterday afternoon with a Kiev, Ukraine dateline, that had House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Speaker Paul Ryan going back and forth about Donald Trump and Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) being on Vladimir Putin’s payroll. The GOP leadership said the exchange was a joke, and the transcript notes several bouts of laughter. It’s not clear where the story originated, but it does quote Evan McMullin, the failed presidential candidate who worked in House GOP leadership. ... The McCarthy/Ryan transcript http://wapo.st/2rhXkU5 -- WAPO STORY: “Evan McMullin, who in his role as policy director to the House Republican Conference participated in the June 15 conversation, said: ‘It’s true that Majority Leader McCarthy said that he thought candidate Trump was on the Kremlin’s payroll. Speaker Ryan was concerned about that leaking.’” http://wapo.st/2qUOEDu ... FLASHBACK to FEB. 17, 2017… EVAN MCMULLIN WROTE AN NYT OP-ED REFERENCING THE SAME MEETING!: “Suspect public comments like these led one senior Republican leader to dolefully inform his peers that he thought Mr. Trump was on the Kremlin’s payroll, suggesting that Mr. Trump had been compromised by Russian intelligence. Other leaders were surprised by their colleague’s frank assessment, but did not dispute it.” http://nyti.ms/2ru1qF2 **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh OK, WHERE WERE WE … -- BREAKING THIS MORNING -- REUTERS: "Exclusive: Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians - sources," by Ned Parker, Jonathan Landay and Warren Strobel: "Michael Flynn and other advisers to Donald Trump’s campaign were in contact with Russian officials and others with Kremlin ties in at least 18 calls and emails during the last seven months of the 2016 presidential race, current and former U.S. officials familiar with the exchanges told Reuters. "The previously undisclosed interactions form part of the record now being reviewed by FBI and congressional investigators probing Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election and contacts between Trump’s campaign and Russia." http://reut.rs/2pZMQnK -- BREAKING LAST NIGHT ONLINE, A1 OF TODAY’S NYT -- “Trump Team Knew Flynn Was Under Investigation Before He Came to White House,” by Matt Rosenberg and Mark Mazzetti: “Michael T. Flynn told President Trump’s transition team weeks before the inauguration that he was under federal investigation for secretly working as a paid lobbyist for Turkey during the campaign, according to two people familiar with the case. “Despite this warning, which came about a month after the Justice Department notified Mr. Flynn of the inquiry, Mr. Trump made Mr. Flynn his national security adviser. The job gave Mr. Flynn access to the president and nearly every secret held by American intelligence agencies. “Mr. Flynn’s disclosure, on Jan. 4, was first made to the transition team’s chief lawyer, Donald F. McGahn II, who is now the White House counsel. That conversation, and another one two days later between Mr. Flynn’s lawyer and transition lawyers, shows that the Trump team knew about the investigation of Mr. Flynn far earlier than has been previously reported.” http://nyti.ms/2pO8e3V THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR: ROBERT S. MUELLER III … THIS ISN’T GOING AWAY ANYTIME SOON -- JOSH GERSTEIN: “7 questions that explain the special counsel: A closer look at how Robert Mueller’s investigation into Trump and Russia will play out”: “Mueller will have all the authority of a typical U.S. attorney to convene grand juries, issue subpoenas, file criminal charges and pursue those charges to trial, if he deems it appropriate. In practice, he’ll probably have more control over the FBI agents involved in his probe than most prosecutors do. … “There’s no fixed duration for the investigation. … Mueller is likely to be given effective control over what information the Justice Department shares with Congress about the probe and what requests it makes to Congressional committees to defer questioning sensitive witnesses or avoid publicizing potential leads in the investigation. … Ultimately, Congress can do what it wants to demand witnesses and evidence, but lawmakers are typically leery of taking steps that could jeopardize the criminal probe.” http://politi.co/2pZjiGD … NYT’s Charlie Savage: “How a Special Counsel Alters the Russia Investigation” http://nyti.ms/2quzSBZ ... Rod Rosenstein’s order appointing Mueller http://bit.ly/2pZDYhG -- PHILIP SHENON in Politico Magazine, “Trump’s Worst Nightmare Comes True: President Trump fired James Comey. He got his mentor, Robert Mueller instead -- and years of trouble” http://politi.co/2qw13MV KNOWING MUELLER -- JOSH MEYER, “Meet the legendary G-man investigating Russia’s meddling”: “Mueller was born in New York City in 1944 and grew up outside of Philadelphia. After getting degrees at Princeton and New York University, he enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1968, led a rifle platoon in Vietnam and earned a Bronze Star, a Purple Heart and other medals for valor. After receiving a law degree from the University of Virginia, Mueller worked as a federal prosecutor in San Francisco, rising to become head of the criminal division before moving to Boston to serve as the Justice Department’s top prosecutor there before ultimately returning to headquarters in Washington. There he rose to become head of the criminal division, and oversaw the investigation into the Lockerbie bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, and the investigation and the prosecutions of Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega and New York mobster John Gotti.” http://politi.co/2ri6390 -- FLASHBACK, The New Yorker, March 15, 2004, “Rink Rat in Chief,” by Ben McGrath: “As a senior at St. Paul’s, in the winter of 1961-62, [John] Kerry played on the varsity [hockey] team. The captain and best player was a guy named Bobby Mueller, who is now better known as Robert S. Mueller III, the director of the F.B.I.” http://bit.ly/2qvWClr -- JOSH DAWSEY and ANNIE KARNI on “How Trump learned about the special prosecutor”: “A battalion of White House aides entered the Oval Office together to present a unified front after the bombshell. The Justice Department had appointed a special prosecutor to oversee the probe into Russia’s alleged involvement in the 2016 presidential election, White House counsel Don McGahn had just told President Donald Trump. “Many of Trump’s top aides gathered with the president Wednesday evening just after deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein signed the order and called McGahn -- and just before the news exploded publicly in Washington. Trump handled it better than anyone expected, according to a person in the room. His reaction was ‘extremely measured,’ another said. He didn’t yell or scream. He told the assembled crowd they had nothing to hide. The mood in the room appeared to be one of resigned acceptance even though they were blindsided. ‘Everyone knew this wasn’t good news,’ this person said.” http://politi.co/2qupqu6 -- THE WEST-WING REACTION: “With a special prosecutor, ‘people are fearful whatever they’ve done’,” by Darren Samuelsohn: “Working in President Donald Trump's White House is about to get a whole lot harder. Robert Mueller, the former FBI director named Wednesday as the special counsel for investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 election, starts his job with an unlimited time and budget to pursue leads wherever they go. Veterans of previous scandals from Whitewater on say that kind of scrutiny can exact a toll even on a well-functioning White House-which Trump’s, consumed as it is by constant infighting and drama, isn’t. “‘There’s always a mood in a White House. If you have a special prosecutor, that can dampen the spirit. It just changes things. It makes life more complicated for people who are completely innocent,’ said Peter Wehner, a former senior aide to President George W. Bush during the investigation into the leak of CIA agent Valerie Plame’s identity. … The pressure won’t be limited just to senior staff. From the interns up, having a special prosecutor in place means responding to urgent tasks that have nothing to do with the day-to-day business of the presidency.” http://politi.co/2pNLLUR BEHIND THE SCENES -- Before the Mueller news broke at around 5:15 p.m., JASON CHAFFETZ, the House oversight chairman from Utah, pretaped a segment for the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley. But he came back live after Mueller was announced. ANOTHER JOB FOR JARED, per Ashley Parker and Abby Phillip in the WaPo: “If and when Trump does overhaul his team, Jared Kushner, his son-in-law and senior adviser, is expected to play a key role in rethinking the structure and personnel within the West Wing.” http://wapo.st/2pO824Y -- ALSO FROM THAT STORY: “Some White House staffers have turned to impeachment gallows humor. Other mid-level aides have started reaching out to consultants, shopping their resumes. And at least one senior staffer has begun privately talking to friends about what a post-White House job would look like, according to two people close to the staffer. ... For many White House staffers, impromptu support groups of friends, confidants and acquaintances have materialized, calling and texting to check in, inquiring about their mental state and urging them to take care of themselves.” ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: In just three years, JPMorgan Chase invested over $100 million in Detroit's recovery, including community and small business development, workforce readiness and neighborhood revitalization to drive economic growth. Detroit is a case study for how the private sector can collaborate with government and community leaders to drive change. Learn more: http://politi.co/2pGLpKB ****** PETER BAKER ZOOMS OUT on NYT A1 -- "Washington Is Abuzz With Surround Sound of Scandal" http://nyti.ms/2quQhGD THE GANG, BACK TOGETHER -- “Trump turns to ex-campaign aides as scandals pile up,” by Tara Palmeri: “Former officials including Jason Miller, David Bossie and Corey Lewandowski have slid back into the president’s group of advisers as Trump has chafed at the steady stream of damaging leaks and critical blind quotes that have flowed out of the West Wing. ... Bossie, a former deputy campaign manager who briefly ran a pro-Trump super PAC, sat in a meeting on Monday morning during which Trump blasted press secretary Sean Spicer and communications director Mike Dubke for their handling of the fallout of Trump’s firing of former FBI Director James Comey ... “Meanwhile, Lewandowski ... was spotted in the West Wing lobby on Tuesday ... Trump has also turned to his former campaign communications director Jason Miller for messaging advice, as his frustrations grows with Dubke, whom Trump believes is an ineffective defender and advocate ... Miller, who has visited the White House multiple times and regularly talks with Trump by phone, has become one of the president’s favorite surrogates and informal advisers. Trump has openly mused about taking Miller on in Dubke’s role as communications director ... but Miller has told friends in the administration that he plans on remaining on the outside.” http://politi.co/2pO7IDi -- IT’S WORTH NOTING: Jason Miller is a paid CNN contributor and consultant. Lewandowski has openly discussed with potential corporate clients his close relationship with the president. DEPT. OF PROFESSIONAL MALPRACTICE -- “Republicans get radio silence from Trump amid growing crisis: The White House has done little damage control, leaving GOP lawmakers with no way to defend the president,” by Burgess Everett and Josh Dawsey: “Sen. John McCain stood up in front of the media Tuesday night and compared President Donald Trump’s daily scandals to Watergate and Iran-Contra. And no one from the White House bothered to call up the Arizona Republican afterward and check in with him. ‘I’m going to wait by the phone,’ McCain said dryly Wednesday. The Trump White House has done essentially no damage control in the aftermath of reports that ousted FBI Director James Comey wrote a memo alleging that Trump tried to kill a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. No talking points have been distributed, and few reassurances have been given to Republicans, leaving frazzled and exhausted lawmakers to freelance their own response. “Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.), whose job in leadership is to help Republicans formulate a message and conceivably defend a president of their own party, had received no outreach from the White House as of Wednesday afternoon.” http://politi.co/2quzweJ WHY THIS ALL MATTERS -- “Trump scandals threaten GOP agenda,” by Nancy Cook and Burgess Everett: “Republicans’ long-held dreams of tweaking Medicaid, repealing Obamacare and overhauling the tax code appear in more jeopardy than ever as scandal and investigations beset President Donald Trump’s White House. Some Republicans fear that subpoenas and congressional inquiries will swamp the time they need to pass a health care or tax bill in 2017 — not to mention renegotiate NAFTA, unify behind a $1 trillion infrastructure plan or build that border wall.” http://politi.co/2qzvn7n -- “Europe, Asia Stocks Extend Losses on Political Concerns,” by WSJ’s Riva Gold and Kenan Machado: http://on.wsj.com/2qzDhxu --“World’s 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil,” by Bloomberg’s Brendan Coffey and Jack Witzig: https://bloom.bg/2pWQjV1 JOE LIEBERMAN INTERVIEWS FOR FBI DIRECTOR -- WaPo’s Matt Zapotosky and John Wagner: “In addition to Lieberman, the president was to meet with former Oklahoma governor Frank A. Keating, who worked previously as a U.S. attorney and as the No. 3 official in the Justice Department; Richard A. McFeely, a former FBI official who spent more than two decades in the bureau; and acting FBI director Andrew McCabe, who has taken over for Comey in the short term.” http://wapo.st/2pWfirv -- INSIDE THE CAPITOL: A former senator like Lieberman or Keating would be a smart pick for Trump. Lieberman is especially smart. Republicans like Sens. John McCain (Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (S.C.) love Lieberman. And it would give Trump the ability to say he has chosen someone who spent most of his career as a Democrat. THE BACKUP -- “Kochs boost Trump tax plan,” by Ken Vogel and Brian Faler: “In a potential boost for President Donald Trump’s largely stagnant tax reform effort, the Koch brothers’ advocacy operation is planning to spend millions of dollars advocating for changes to the tax code that mirror the ones proposed by the White House. The two leading groups in the conservative advocacy operation spearheaded by the billionaire mega-donors Charles and David Koch on Thursday unveiled an outline of tax reforms and announced that they intend to launch a robust campaign to rally public support for the blueprint. The campaign is notable because the Kochs expressed deep reservations about Trump during the campaign, and their deep-pocketed network declined to support Trump, but it has a history of mounting aggressive congressional issue advocacy pushes.” http://politi.co/2qw5nf7 TRUMP INC. -- “Donald Trump Jr., Dubai business partner discuss ‘new ideas’,” by AP’s Jon Gambrell in Dubai: “Donald Trump Jr. traveled to Dubai and met a billionaire business partner in the city-state, discussing ‘new ideas’ as the Emirati’s real estate firm still lists possible plans for future joint projects while Trump’s father is in the White House. The Trump Organization has said it won’t make new foreign deals while Donald Trump serves as America’s 45th president. That didn’t affect the Trump International Golf Club in Dubai’s opening in February, while a previously planned Trump-branded golf course designed by Tiger Woods is still being built nearby. “Both projects are being built by Dubai’s DAMAC Properties, owned by Emirati billionaire Hussain Sajwani. His company has paid the Trump Organization’s subsidiaries between $1 million to $5 million for the projects, according to a U.S. Federal Election Committee report submitted in May 2016. Sajwani’s Instagram account posted a picture Tuesday night showing him with Trump, who now runs the Trump Organization with his brother Eric, at a table covered in a spread of Middle Eastern food and a plate of French fries. ‘It was great having my dear friend and business partner Donald Trump Jr. over for lunch,’ a caption with the photo read. ‘Discussing new ideas and innovation always make our meetings even more interesting.’” http://apne.ws/2pZqySQ … The Instapic of Don Jr. in Dubai http://bit.ly/2ru3YmT MIKE SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN -- “Foreign Trip Comes at Crucial Time, but Trump Is a Reluctant Traveler”: “President Trump leaves on Friday for a nine-day, five-city foreign excursion, his first trip outside of the United States as the country’s leader and top diplomat. He doesn’t really want to go. “In recent days, Mr. Trump has groused to several friends that he is not looking forward to leaving his new White House cocoon for high-profile, high-pressure meetings with dozens of world leaders in unfamiliar settings. At one point, he barked at an aide that he thought his first tour abroad should be only about half as long. He will have to abandon his well-known preference for sleeping in his own bed (or in one at the hotels or golf resorts he owns) as he hops between Saudi Arabia, Israel, Belgium, Italy and the Vatican -- all places without a Trump-branded property.” http://nyti.ms/2rud4je THE JUICE … -- SPOTTED, tax reform edition: Rep. Pat Tiberi, a top Ways and Means Republican from Ohio, dining with Gary Cohn at Osteria Morini in Navy Yard last night. -- SUPREME COURT JUSTICE RUTH BADER GINSBURG hosted her bi-annual “Musicale at the Court” with special guests Itzhak Perlman and Rohan De Silva Wednesday evening. Justice John Roberts closed the performance with remarks on how he wanted attendees to read the 10-page Brown vs. Board of Education opinion, it was the anniversary of that decision, according to a Playbooker in attendance. SPOTTED: Justice Paul Stevens, Maureen Scalia, Toby Perlman, Deborah Rutter, Ambassador for Sri Lanka Prasad Kariyawasam and Douglas Wheeler. -- CNN’S S.E. CUPP and REPS. ADAM KINZINGER (R-ILL.) and BRENDAN BOYLE (D-Pa.) are screening Evgeny Afineevsky’s documentary “Cries from Syria” at the Capitol Visitor Center theater tonight at 5 p.m., in partnership with HBO and Cupp’s organization, HelpMeGoHome.org. Reps. Debbie Dingell (D-Mich.) and French Hill (R-Ark.) are also expected to attend. Trailer http://bit.ly/2pvotxN -- SEAN SPICER is the special guest at an evening reception tonight hosted by the Republican Party of Virginia at the Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Virginia. One ticket to the general reception goes for $175 while six tickets to the VIP and general reception cost $5,000. http://bit.ly/2rucwL3 HAPPENING TODAY -- “Trump to lunch with network anchors,” by Hadas Gold: “President Donald Trump is set to have an off-the-record lunch with network anchors on Thursday, two sources with knowledge of the plans and a White House official confirmed. The lunch is expected to cover Trump’s upcoming foreign trip. But with bombshell reports about the Trump White House dropping nearly every day this week, the lunch is sure to cover more ground. The get-together is expected to be much smaller than past lunches with the media. ... At least one anchor, Scott Pelley, is moving the CBS evening news show from New York to Washington on Wednesday and Thursday partly as a result of the lunch.” http://politi.co/2rtSO1t -- HOT VIDEO -- @CNN: “DHS chief caught on hot mic jokingly telling Trump to use his new ceremonial Coast Guard saber on the press”: http://bit.ly/2quqYEy PIC DU JOUR -- @brianstelter: “Spotted: @Lawrence and MSNBC president Phil Griffin chatting outside 30 Rock Tuesday afternoon” http://bit.ly/2qvzdR1 WHAT PHIL GRIFFIN AND JEFF ZUCKER ARE READING -- THR: “TV Ratings: Trump Crisis Intensifying, CNN and MSNBC Again Beat Fox News” http://bit.ly/2ruaOt8 Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: The May 29 cover of TIME Magazine, which features the Kremlin merging with the White House. COMING ATTRACTIONS -- “5 things to watch in Trump’s financial disclosures,” by Darren Samuelsohn: http://politi.co/2qUTi4g SNEAK PEEK -- at the new Bloomberg Businessweek cover: “If America were a company would you keep this CEO?” by Bloomberg Editor in Chief John Micklethwait. http://bit.ly/2rhRnqk … The story https://bloom.bg/2pWLwml FOR YOUR RADAR -- “Trump administration to send NAFTA notification letter Thursday,” by Adam Behsudi, Megan Cassella and Doug Palmer: “The Trump administration is expected to send to Congress on Thursday morning a final letter notifying lawmakers that it intends to open trade talks with Canada and Mexico in an attempt to renegotiate NAFTA, according to an administration official and congressional aides. … Sending the letter triggers a 90-day consultation period that must conclude before negotiations can officially begin -- a process set out under the 2015 Trade Promotion Authority legislation that gives the White House the ability to fast-track passage of the deal in Congress. The 90-day period would end Aug. 16.” http://politi.co/2qzST4i KEVIN MCCARTHY PROFILE -- “Trump’s Man in Congress: Few on Capitol Hill are closer to the president than Kevin McCarthy,” by Laurel Rosenhall in California Sunday Magazine: http://bit.ly/2rtRnzV ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Research shows that thriving neighborhoods are key to any city’s long-term economic success. See how JPMorgan Chase’s investments have helped create or preserve 700 mixed-use housing units, provided financing and counseling to homeowners and enabled the mapping of 380,000 properties in Detroit: http://politi.co/2qB8S4Q ****** THE RESISTANCE -- “Jolted by Trump, Orange County Democrats see a shot at victory on GOP turf,” by L.A. Times’ Sarah Wire: “Catherine Nadeau was never a supporter of Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, but as a resident of historically conservative Orange County she had never bothered to get involved in local politics either. Donald Trump’s surprise presidential win changed that. … Nadeau is among the newly energized residents giving Democrats hope they can claim at least some of the congressional seats in Orange County that have been red for a generation. “Despite the vocal optimism from activists and local dissatisfaction with Trump, it will be an uphill battle for Democrats to flip the four heavily Republican congressional districts in Orange County, all but one of which the incumbent won in 2016 by double digits. More than a dozen resistance groups have formed in Orange County since the presidential election. They’ve demanded meetings with the four Republican members of Congress, and staged town halls in their name when the members decline. They’ve delivered petitions and Valentines and even protested outside the members’ homes. Most Tuesdays, at least a few dozen people show up with signs outside district offices (some of which they’ve been told they can no longer enter).” http://lat.ms/2pWJqTo THE FAMILY -- “Ivanka Trump Criticized Over Chinese Factories Allegedly Paying $1 an Hour,” by Bloomberg’s Stephanie Hoi-Nga Wong: “Ivanka Trump’s apparel brand is facing criticism from a labor-rights group for relying on Chinese factories that it says force some employees to work long shifts at the equivalent of about a dollar an hour. The nonprofit organization China Labor Watch said it investigated two Chinese factories that produce goods for Ivanka Trump’s brand. It then shared its findings in a letter sent to the first daughter, saying employees are forced to work at least 12 1/2 hours a day and at least six days a week -- at a monthly salary of about 2,500 yuan ($363).” https://bloom.bg/2quGCQh MEDIAWATCH -- “MSNBC To Pair Stephanie Ruhle, Ali Velshi On New Business Show,” by Forbes’ Mark Joyella: “Ruhle and Velshi will get to escape the frantic news cycle and talk about those big issues in a new show, Velshi & Ruhle, which MSNBC will formally announce ahead of the show’s debut Saturday.” http://bit.ly/2pZw8EN Playbookers SPOTTED: Jose Diaz-Balart sipping a beer yesterday in the lobby of the W Hotel. TRANSITIONS – Andrew King is joining Glover Park Group’s government relations practice as a managing director. He worked for two decades for Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), most recently as his deputy chief of staff. http://politi.co/2rtN4V6 OUT AND ABOUT -- Marissa Mitrovich -- on behalf of Capitol File Magazine and in partnership with Jose Andres Think Food Group’s China Chilcano -- hosted a dinner last night with friends across industries. SPOTTED: Nicole Mortier, Carl Holshouser, Christine Delargy, Mark Paustenbach, Anne Brady, Trevor Frye, Ryan Triplette, Sarah Mamula, Andy Smith, Jessica Speckhard, Catherine Cassidy, Patrick Mellody, Joe Janolo, Amal Zaari, Desirée Venn Frederic, Erin Gleason and Christina Cuevas. -- “War Machine”, the new Netflix/Brad Pitt movie based on the Michael Hastings book “The Operators” and the Rolling Stone article on General Stanley McChrystal (http://rol.st/2rtXQe3), was screened last night at the E Street Cinema followed by an after party at Hotel Monaco’s Dirty Habit. Trailer http://bit.ly/2rhMkWW SPOTTED: Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Elise Jordan, David Michod, Allison Jaslow, Mike Hogan, Jesse Rodriguez, Steve Clemons, McKay Coppins, Jeremy Peters, Andrew Bacevich, Julian Mulvey, Tad Devine, Mark Longabaugh, Margie Omero, Ben Chang, Graham Brookie, Jason Dempsey, Benjamin Freed, Lindsay Colker, Rodney Faraon, Jon Finer, Susan Phalen, Erica Walters, and Terris Barnes. -- MWWPR Founder and CEO Michael Kempner hosted a reception last night at the firm’s D.C. office. SPOTTED: Sens. Bob Casey (D-Pa.), Cory Booker (D-N.J.), Michael Bennet (D-Colo.) and Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.), New Jersey Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman, Neera Tanden, David Brock, former Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings Blake, former Secretary of the Army Eric Fanning, Trish Hoppey, Katherine Miller, Ken Weinstein, Michael Kempner, Michael and Tovah Meehan, Terence Samuel, Jodi Enda, Mike Gehrke, Adrienne Cooper, Melissa Roy, Tom McMahon, Cara and Keith Stern and Leigh Garland. WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Kristine Frazao, national correspondent for Sinclair Broadcast Group, and Andrew Smith, photojournalist for CGTN, have welcomed Emerson Elisabeth Smith. She weighed 7 lbs 14 oz and is 20 inches long. She is her big brother Eliot’s twin ... just 22 months younger. Pics http://bit.ly/2rtMWoA ... http://bit.ly/2pNR8Dq SUNDAY SO FAR – “Fox News Sunday”: Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). Panel: Brit Hume, Jane Harman, Kim Strassel, Juan Williams BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Erik Smith, founder of Blue Engine Message & Media and co-founder of Bully Pulpit Interactive – how he’s celebrating: “Our family has a favorite getaway destination and my wife and I have planned a surprise trip for the kids to meet up with their grandparents and cousins at that special place. (Since you’re publishing this before we leave Friday, I’m keeping the destination undisclosed in case anyone at their elementary school is an avid Playbooker.)” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2pWB4LJ BIRTHDAYS: Tina Fey is 47 ... Tim Chapman, COO at Heritage Action for America ... Vox’s Matt Yglesias and Libby Nelson ... Querry “The Gatekeeper” Robinson, MSNBC’s “Hardball” senior booking producer … Sen. Tom Udall (D-NM) is 69 ... Politico national security editor Bryan Bender is 45 ... “Pistol Pete” Watkins, Sette maestro (h/t Blain Rethmeier) … Politico’s Cristiano Lima ... Anthony Cruz of Sen. Rubio’s office (h/t Sally Fox) ... AP’s Josh Lederman ... Clyde Haberman, former NYT columnist and foreign correspondent (hat tip: Maggie) ... Alex Witt, digital director at Northam for Governor ... Gary Kopff ... Teddy Nykiel ... Abby Sugrue ... Snapchat’s Sofia Gross (h/t Peter Hamby) ... Robin Roberts, senior director of media relations at NRF ... State alum Jason Meininger ... Nate Denny is 35 ... Dana Singiser … Politico Europe’s Elsa Rinta-Kanto ... Rokk Solutions’ Ryan Hughes (h/t Katy Summerlin) ... ... Eliza Krigman, a journalist in London at CEB and a Politico alum ... Julie Percha ... Ariel Min ... John Pouland, VP of government solutions at Philips Electronics North America and the pride of Zavalla, Texas (h/t Randy White) ... Pete Boogard, comms director at FWD.us and alum of Obama WH and DHS, celebrating by finishing a staff retreat in Los Altos, California (h/t Chris Golden) ... Nate Garvis ... Darla Marburger ... AP South Carolina scribe Meg Kinnard … GMMB VP Liz Oxhorn ... Taylor West, deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association … Judy Boullet ... Sam Graham-Felsen … Kari Lacosta … Caitlin Bozell Manaois … Katie Young ... Pat Ewing (not the basketball player) ... Beth Scovith ... Brenda Kole ... Dawn Connet ... Harriet Goldberg (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Shlomo Yanai, senior advisor at Moelis & Company, is 65 (h/t Jewish Insider) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: JPMorgan Chase’s investment in Detroit goes well beyond just writing a check. Through the firm’s Detroit Service Corps, dozens of senior level employees spent more than 10,000 hours on the ground, working with local nonprofit partners and using their expertise to assist with strategic and business planning, market analysis and much more: http://politi.co/2r9hUCy ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman This story tagged under: Playbook Plus About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh Playbook - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 5/18/17 Wednesday, 5/17/17 Tuesday, 5/16/17 Monday, 5/15/17 Sunday, 5/14/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine The Secret of Roger Ailes's Billion-Dollar Bubble By Jeff Greenfield The Detroit Success Story Visible From Space By Erick Trickey Detroit’s DIY Cure for Urban Blight By Erick Trickey Roger Ailes Was a Revolutionary in Reactionary Clothing By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed American Vice Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Careers Careers The 25 hottest companies in America, according to LinkedIn Kathryn Dill | @kathryndill 20 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters These are the most desirable companies to work for in 2017    20 Hours Ago | 00:46 SHARES As usual, Google's parent company Alphabet comes out on top. The company claims first place on LinkedIn's 2017 Top Companies list, which highlights the 50 employers that job seekers in the U.S. most want to work for. To determine this list, LinkedIn's data team analyzed billions of searches by the site's more than 500 million members, considering views of and applications to job postings, engagement with the company on LinkedIn, and the number of employees that stay with the company for at least one year. LinkedIn did not consider itself, or its parent company, Microsoft, for this list. It will come as little surprise that tech companies dominate the ranking. In fact, the industry's brightest lights claim the first seven spots. But financial service providers, real estate firms and entertainment companies are also luring top talent with sleek offices, innovative paid leave offerings and flexible work schedules. Read on for the hottest 25 companies in America: 25. Capital One Michael Nagle/Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 47,300 Capital One offers employees support that ranges from coverage for gender confirmation surgery to reserved parking for pregnant women. 24. Adobe Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Number of global employees: 16,500 Adobe offers job titles as creative as its products, including Principal Artist-in-Residence, People Scientist and Vice President of Creativity. The company says that to be successful, employees should have small-town values and a "learn-it-all" attitude. 23. Stryker Source: Stryker Stryker employees pose for a photo during a company outing. Number of global employees: 33,000 Stryker is responsible for innovations like robotic-arm-assisted surgical devices and the technology to create 3D-printed surgical implants. Last year, the company provided nearly $40 million to support organizations like Operation Smile, which provides free cleft palate and other facial surgeries in developing countries. 22. BlackRock Michael Nagle/Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 13,000 BlackRock is wielding AI to aid employees in making advantageous stock picks, though it emphasizes it has no intention of replacing people with robots. The company is looking to hire workers with algorithmic expertise, front-end and back-end programming experience and strong analytical skills. 21. JLL Brent Lewin/Bloomberg | Getty Images JLL's urban farm on top of the Bank of America Tower in the Central district of Hong Kong, China. Number of global employees: 77,000 The commercial real estate company manages more than 4 billion square feet of space and serves clients at 300 corporate offices. The company's Chicago global HQ has LED lighting that changes colors to mark holidays or commemorate events like the death of musician Prince. 20. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Number of global employees: 240,000 JPMorgan Chase has been aggressive in its statements about the need to close the gender pay gap and cultivate a more diverse workforce. In fact, in his annual letter to shareholders, CEO Jamie Dimon was critical of his own company and the industry at large for its middling efforts to hire black professionals. 19. Visa Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Number of global employees: 14,000 Visa has rolled out extended parental and elder care leave, and opened a 4,000-square foot healthcare facility at its headquarters in Foster City, California. The company is looking to hire technical data scientists, software engineers and developers. 18. CBRE Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg | Getty Images CBRE CEO Bob Sulentic. Number of global employees: 75,000 CBRE took home an LGBTQ Business Equality Excellence Award, as well as a 2017 Energy Star Sustained Excellence Award from the EPA for its focus on energy efficiency. The company's headquarters in Los Angeles has no private offices or assigned desks. 17. Twitter Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 3,500 Twitter offers as many as five months of paid leave to any employee with a new child. And forget the craft beers — the company's chic HQ offers rosé on tap. 16. Under Armour Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Number of global employees: 14,000 Under Armour employees can take advantage of free tickets to sporting events and concerts, and CEO Kevin Plank favors mantras like "Respect everyone, fear no one." 15. Workday Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 6,600 Workday offers its employees around the world perks like unlimited vacation and dog-friendly offices. The company has hired almost 2,000 people over the past year and plans to bring on another 2,200 in the coming year. 14. Dell Technologies Ralph Orlowski | Getty Images Number of global employees: 145,000 Dell offers employees a great deal of flexibility, including working from home, adjustable hours and the option of bringing your dog to work. More than 40 percent of the company's hires are referred by current employees, a serious vote of confidence. 13. McKinsey & Company Source: McKinsey McKinsey employees gathering during a lunch break Number of global employees: 25,000 McKinsey consultants are known for their drive, but the company offers employees the chance to take as much as 10 weeks off between projects and is always on the hunt for new talent, including analysts, data architects and of course, consultants. 12. Netflix Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Number of global employees: 3,200 Netflix offers up to a year of paid maternity and paternity leave to salaried workers. The company does not track vacation time or approve expense reports — and the lobby of its Los Gatos, California HQ boasts several Emmys, and a popcorn maker. 11. Airbnb Martin Bureau | Getty Images Number of global employees: 2,000 Airbnb employees earn a quarterly travel coupon that can be used at any Airbnb listing around the world, and has formed a new product team that's focused on reducing bias on the company's site. 10. Comcast Cindy Ord | Getty Images Number of global employees: 160,000 Comcast has committed to hiring 10,000 employees from the U.S. military community by the end of the year, and has spent $8 billion with minority and women-owned businesses since 2011. 9. The Walt Disney Company Pascal Le Segretain | Getty Images Number of global employees: 195,000 Employees get free passes to Disney theme parks for themselves and family members, and once a year, employees of the company's parks race around Tom Sawyer Island in canoes as part of an annual quest for bragging rights. 8. Time Warner Michael Nagle/Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 25,000 LinkedIn emphasizes that "entertainment is the heart" of Time Warner, which owns Turner, Warner Bros. and HBO, "and employees can keep up with the latest releases during film and television screenings at the office." 7. Apple Zhang Peng | Getty Images Number of global employees: 110,000 Apple is poised to move to a shiny new headquarters in Apple Park and offers employee stock grants to all its workers, including part-time and retail employees. A little more than one-tenth of its retail workforce turns over each year, compared to 80 percent industry-wide. 6. Tesla Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 30,000 Tesla is now the most valuable U.S.-based automaker, with a $50 billion market cap and nearly 2,500 jobs open around the world, including Energy Advisor and Thermal Systems Aerodynamicist. 5. Uber Anthony Wallace | Getty Images Number of global employees: 12,000 Some recent bad press hasn't stopped the disruptive ride-hailing app from pulling in talent — according to LinkedIn, unique job applications almost doubled in February from a year before. 4. Salesforce Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 25,000 Employees of the cloud computing service are granted eight additional days of paid time off each year to devote to meaningful causes. Salesforce continuously assesses employee pay "to ensure equal compensation across gender, race and ethnicity" and recently introduced six months of parental leave for primary caregivers in the U.S. 3. Facebook Justin Sullivan | Getty Images Number of global employees: 17,000 Facebook boasts 1.9 billion active users every month and is constantly on the hunt for the talent to help it grow its reach. Areas of particular demand include software engineering, infrastructure, machine learning, data analytics and marketing. 2. Amazon Lisa Werner | Getty Images Number of global employees: 341,400 Amazon won three Oscars for its programming, grew its Prime membership by "tens of millions" and delivered a package via drone — all in the past year. Employees are allowed to share up to six weeks of paid leave with a spouse or partner and dogs are welcome at the office. 1. Alphabet Erin Lubin/Bloomberg | Getty Images Number of global employees: 72,000 It's not the free food and beanbag chairs that make employees of Google's parent company want to stick around. Rather, according to LinkedIn, it's "the opportunity and resources employees are given to tackle massive problems, stretching from creating self-driving cars to impeding extremism." See also: LinkedIn's full list of the Top Companies of 2017 How LinkedIn's top companies of 2017 reveal what employees really want The hottest companies in India, according to LinkedIn show chapters These are the highest paying internships in the US this year    Tuesday, 2 May 2017 | 7:00 AM ET | 01:11 Disclosure: Comcast is the owner of NBCUniversal, the parent company of CNBC and CNBC.com. Kathryn DillCareers Editor Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Finance Search Search FoodNew York City Food Chains Must Now Provide Calorie Counts on Prepared Items UberUber Threatens to Fire the Self-Driving Car Engineer at the Center of Its Trade Secrets Case BrazilBrazil’s Markets Plunge as Hush Money Scandal Threatens President Temer’s Reforms LGBTU.S. Judge Allows First Transgender Person to Sue Under the Disabilities Act bank stocks The 3 Best Bank Stocks to Buy Now—Whether Tax Reform Happens or Not Lucinda Shen May 18, 2017 Bank investors have already enjoyed their post-election euphoria: By March the market capitalization of the S&P 500 Financial Index reached a record $3.1 trillion. Since then, high share prices have scared some investors away. But Christopher Davis, chairman of Davis Funds, notes that bank stocks still trade at a discount greater than 20% to the S&P 500. Here are three that the pros like. J.P. Morgan Chase (jpm) J.P. Morgan’s stock has nearly tripled in the past five years, leading some investors to fear a slowdown. But ­Davis thinks it’s one of several banks that may soon increase their dividends, even if President Trump’s proposed tax and regulatory cuts aren’t enacted. The bank currently pays about 30% of its earnings as dividends. A significant bump in that payout could please shareholders, even if the stock price lags. Citigroup (c) Donald Trump’s antitrade rhetoric sent emerging-market stocks plummeting after his election—and left some investors wary of Citigroup, which earns about 36% of its revenue in such markets, says Conor Muldoon, a portfolio manager at Causeway Capital. With those markets rebounding (see our Midyear Investor’s Guide) and Trump moderating his stances, Citigroup shares look more attractive: At 12 times trailing earnings, they’re cheap relative to other banks. South State Bank (ssb) Regional lenders don’t get the investor attention that big banks do, but some deserve a second look. Susan Schmidt, senior portfolio manager at Westwood, says that South State, which focuses mostly on the Carolinas, could get a lift from “reshoring” of manufacturing under the Trump administration. Even without such help, South State has shown a knack for attracting business; its deposits grew 74%, to $8.9 billion, between 2012 and 2016. This article is part of Fortune’s 2017 Midyear Investor’s Guide. For our picks in other sectors, click on the links below: Why Apple Is One of the 5 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Why Google and Amazon Top the List of the 6 Best Tech Stocks to Buy How to Invest In Bonds Even if Interest Rates Rise The 5 Best Stocks and ETFs to Invest in China and India Now The 3 Best Oil Stocks to Buy Right Now—Even if Energy Prices Fall A version of this article appears in the June 1, 2017 issue of Fortune as part of our feature titled "State Street's Gender Show Down." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eagle Capital Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Charter Trust Co. Sells 7,072 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Sold by Highland Capital Management LLC Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by SOL Capital Management CO Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,840 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) is Searle & CO.’s 2nd Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stake Boosted by Forte Capital LLC ADV Highland Capital Management LLC Has $6.64 Million Position in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Storm Resources Ltd (SRX) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given “Buy” Rating at Clarus Securities CIBC Boosts Spin Master Corp (TOY) Price Target to C$44.00 Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Price Target to C$3.50 Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Amgen (AMGN) Egalet Corp (EGLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Gabelli Short Interest in First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Increases By 11.3% Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,840 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Confluence Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 3,840 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $337,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pacific Center for Financial Services bought a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.65% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.27 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $299.35 billion, a PE ratio of 12.97 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $86.68 and its 200-day moving average price is $85.26. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Traders bought 9,414 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 290% compared to the average daily volume of 2,411 put options. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.35 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.71 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.37%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/confluence-investment-management-llc-purchases-shares-of-3840-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. JPM has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods lowered JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Vining Sparks upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Vetr upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $90.44 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Guggenheim upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $88.25 to $96.00 in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $80.15. In other news, Director James S. Crown acquired 11,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 299,862 shares in the company, valued at approximately $25,632,203.76. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 20,711 shares of company stock valued at $1,775,791. Company insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eagle Capital Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Charter Trust Co. Sells 7,072 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Sold by Highland Capital Management LLC Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by SOL Capital Management CO Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,840 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) is Searle & CO.’s 2nd Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stake Boosted by Forte Capital LLC ADV Highland Capital Management LLC Has $6.64 Million Position in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Storm Resources Ltd (SRX) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given “Buy” Rating at Clarus Securities CIBC Boosts Spin Master Corp (TOY) Price Target to C$44.00 Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Price Target to C$3.50 Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Amgen (AMGN) Egalet Corp (EGLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Gabelli Short Interest in First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Increases By 11.3% Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Manning & Napier Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 5.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 326,677 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 15,617 shares during the period. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $28,694,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in JPM. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 169,177,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $14,598,334,000 after buying an additional 11,844,085 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 96,587,143 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $8,334,505,000 after buying an additional 15,715,835 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,897,377,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 27,903,541 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,407,756,000 after buying an additional 340,065 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,297,616,000. 73.65% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.27 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $86.68 and its 200-day moving average is $85.26. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52 week low of $57.05 and a 52 week high of $93.98. The company has a market cap of $299.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.97 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Investors acquired 9,414 put options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 290% compared to the average volume of 2,411 put options. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The business had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.35 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.71 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.37%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/manning-napier-advisors-llc-has-28-694-million-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several research analysts have commented on JPM shares. Daiwa Capital Markets raised shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Vetr raised shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $97.82 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Instinet raised their price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $82.00 to $83.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Nomura reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Monday, April 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $80.15. In related news, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total value of $918,075.44. Following the transaction, the general counsel now owns 63,344 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,388,674.08. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Burberry Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Burberry Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €37.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Victrex plc (VCT) PT Raised to GBX 2,000 Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Symantec Target of Unusually High Options Trading (SYMC) Traders Sell Zions Bancorp (ZION) on Strength Following Insider Selling Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Short Interest Up 17.7% in April Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Reaches New 52-Week High After Analyst Upgrade Forterra Inc (FRTA) Shares Down 12.9% Following Weak Earnings Cadinha & Co. LLC Takes Position in Vale SA (VALE) PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Stake Cut by Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stake Reduced by Cadinha & Co. LLC Cadinha & Co. LLC Invests $12.479 Million in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Cadinha & Co. LLC Has $18.407 Million Stake in Hubbell Incorporated (HUBB) Beacon Trust Co. Holds Position in KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Beacon Trust Co. Has $2.75 Million Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) is Beach Point Capital Management LP’s 9th Largest Position JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Burberry Group plc (LON:BRBY)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 1,600 ($20.65) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would indicate a potential downside of 2.50% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Berenberg Bank reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,800 ($23.23) price objective on shares of Burberry Group plc in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Beaufort Securities reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,920 ($24.78) price objective on shares of Burberry Group plc in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on Burberry Group plc from GBX 1,290 ($16.65) to GBX 1,480 ($19.10) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Societe Generale reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,615 ($20.85) price objective on shares of Burberry Group plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on Burberry Group plc from GBX 1,475 ($19.04) to GBX 1,525 ($19.69) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Burberry Group plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,606.50 ($20.74). Shares of Burberry Group plc (LON:BRBY) opened at 1641.00 on Tuesday. Burberry Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,039.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,838.00. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,669.49 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,596.09. The stock’s market cap is GBX 7.20 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-burberry-group-plc-brby.html. About Burberry Group plc Burberry Group plc is a manufacturer, wholesaler and retailer of luxury goods. The Company also licenses third parties to manufacture and distribute products using the Burberry trademarks. The Company’s segments include retail/wholesale and licensing. The Retail/wholesale segment is engaged in the sale of luxury goods through Burberry mainline stores, concessions, outlets and digital commerce, as well as Burberry franchisees, prestige department stores globally and multi-brand specialty accounts. Receive News & Ratings for Burberry Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Burberry Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Increases Position in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $3.456 Million Stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) Penserra Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 19,152 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $351,000 Position in Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Dean Investment Associates LLC Takes Position in Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) Dean Investment Associates LLC Sells 20,822 Shares of Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Penserra Capital Management LLC Has $1.112 Million Position in TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $3.133 Million Stake in Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $219,000 Position in VWR Corp (VWR) Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $4.261 Million Position in Deluxe Co. (DLX) 29,227 Shares in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Acquired by Penserra Capital Management LLC Penserra Capital Management LLC Has $527,000 Position in MakeMyTrip Limited (MMYT) CVR Refining (CVRR) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.34 Legg Mason (LM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Corning (GLW) Share Price Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports CONMED (CNMD) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.35 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Share Price Duff & Phelps Utility & Corp Bond Trust (DUC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Giovanni M. Colella Sells 3,793 Shares of Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Stock 29,227 Shares in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Acquired by Penserra Capital Management LLC May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Penserra Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 29,227 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,141,000. Penserra Capital Management LLC owned 0.07% of Mercury Systems as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 28.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 7,658 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 1,692 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 197.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 45,161 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,110,000 after buying an additional 29,965 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 8.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,837,803 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $69,725,000 after buying an additional 228,934 shares during the last quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 5.6% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 237,317 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $5,831,000 after buying an additional 12,623 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 4.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 211,828 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $5,205,000 after buying an additional 9,351 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 79.14% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded down 3.41% on Wednesday, hitting $38.82. 487,695 shares of the stock traded hands. Mercury Systems Inc has a 12-month low of $19.78 and a 12-month high of $41.49. The firm has a market cap of $1.86 billion, a P/E ratio of 67.05 and a beta of 0.50. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $39.06 and its 200 day moving average is $34.69. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.02. Mercury Systems had a net margin of 6.53% and a return on equity of 6.69%. The business had revenue of $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.54 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.25 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 62.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Mercury Systems Inc will post $1.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/29227-shares-in-mercury-systems-inc-mrcy-acquired-by-penserra-capital-management-llc.html. MRCY has been the subject of several research analyst reports. SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $36.00 target price for the company. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on shares of Mercury Systems from $28.00 to $30.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Mercury Systems from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $41.50. In other Mercury Systems news, COO Didier M. C. Thibaud sold 30,000 shares of Mercury Systems stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.41, for a total value of $1,212,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 418,694 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,919,424.54. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Michael A. Daniels acquired 2,683 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $37.31 per share, with a total value of $100,102.73. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 60,096 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,242,181.76. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have sold 78,000 shares of company stock valued at $3,073,932 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRCY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Increases Position in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $3.456 Million Stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) Penserra Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 19,152 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $351,000 Position in Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Dean Investment Associates LLC Takes Position in Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) Dean Investment Associates LLC Sells 20,822 Shares of Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Penserra Capital Management LLC Has $1.112 Million Position in TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $3.133 Million Stake in Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Has $219,000 Position in VWR Corp (VWR) Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $4.261 Million Position in Deluxe Co. (DLX) 29,227 Shares in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Acquired by Penserra Capital Management LLC Penserra Capital Management LLC Has $527,000 Position in MakeMyTrip Limited (MMYT) CVR Refining (CVRR) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.34 Legg Mason (LM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Corning (GLW) Share Price Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports CONMED (CNMD) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.35 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Share Price Duff & Phelps Utility & Corp Bond Trust (DUC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Giovanni M. Colella Sells 3,793 Shares of Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Stock Dean Investment Associates LLC Has $3.456 Million Stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dean Investment Associates LLC lowered its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (NASDAQ:IPCC) by 41.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 36,185 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 25,220 shares during the period. Dean Investment Associates LLC owned 0.33% of Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. worth $3,456,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in IPCC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. by 58.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 21,430 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,771,000 after buying an additional 7,945 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. by 8.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 49,544 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $4,094,000 after buying an additional 3,743 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. by 22.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,135 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $259,000 after buying an additional 581 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. by 12.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 773,371 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $63,904,000 after buying an additional 84,032 shares in the last quarter. Finally, New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. by 10.1% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 21,146 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,747,000 after buying an additional 1,939 shares in the last quarter. 97.34% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (NASDAQ:IPCC) traded down 0.63% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $94.55. 33,145 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. has a 52 week low of $73.80 and a 52 week high of $101.70. The company has a market capitalization of $1.04 billion, a PE ratio of 22.78 and a beta of 0.65. The company has a 50 day moving average of $96.01 and a 200-day moving average of $90.55. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (NASDAQ:IPCC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The insurance provider reported $0.93 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $370.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $390.70 million. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. had a return on equity of 4.38% and a net margin of 2.18%. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp.’s revenue was down 1.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.68 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Friday, June 16th will be paid a $0.58 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 14th. This represents a $2.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.45%. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 71.23%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/dean-investment-associates-llc-has-3-456-million-stake-in-infinity-property-and-casualty-corp-ipcc.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on IPCC shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $97.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. In related news, VP Samuel J. Simon sold 1,000 shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.64, for a total value of $88,640.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 73,392 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,505,466.88. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 3.28% of the company’s stock. Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. Company Profile Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Personal Auto, Commercial Vehicle and Classic Collector (its segments are Personal Auto and Commercial Vehicle). The Company writes personal automobile insurance with a concentration on nonstandard automobile insurance, commercial vehicle insurance and classic collector automobile insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IPCC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (NASDAQ:IPCC). Receive News & Ratings for Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List Business Home > Business Business giants offer expertise and opportunities at Detroit Startup Week Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment 5 reads Detroit Startup Week kicks off Monday, May 22 in downtown Detroit, offering entrepreneurs and hopefuls access to business influencers including JP Morgan Chase, Google, NextEnergy, Comcast, Quicken Loans, and more. The weeklong event, hosted by Techstars and powered by Chase for Business, is completely free and offers the chance to learn, network and grow through programming, funding opportunities, and access to powerful business influencers. The opening session, sponsored by Chase for Business, will occur 9:00 a.m. on Monday, May 22 at Detroit’s historic Masonic Temple, which serves as Chase Basecamp for the week. Jill Ford, head of innovation and entrepreneurship for the City of Detroit, will give a “State of Detroit Entrepreneurship” address.  Senator Gary Peters (D-MI) will then deliver a “State of Michigan Entrepreneurship” address, followed by opening remarks from Chase and other corporate leads. “Startups are driving economic growth and creating millions of new jobs across the country every year,” said Senator Gary Peters. “Detroit’s innovators are helping Michigan become the startup capital of the Midwest. I’m proud to support our local entrepreneurs by working to ensure they have access to the capital and resources they need to launch their businesses and succeed.” Senator Peters will join NextEnergy President and CEO Jean Redfield and Paul Hemmersbaugh of General Motors for a mobility fireside chat on Monday, May 22 at 11:00 a.m. The panel will discuss what role startups play in future of mobility, how policy must develop with this new industry, and how mobility solutions affect business models and communities. “Startups are already making a sizeable impact on the future of mobility,” said Jean Redfield, president and CEO of NextEnergy. “With mobility solution revenue expected to reach $2.1 trillion by 2025, large companies continue to look to these innovators as partners to demonstrate and prove out emerging technologies. Detroit Startup Week will showcase the role startups play in Michigan’s booming mobility industry.” The week is packed full of sessions from 16 learning tracks for entrepreneurs of every type and stage, funding opportunities, access to mentors, and a healthy amount of plain old fun as Detroit entrepreneurship is celebrated. Valuable offerings are abundant, and include: Keynote addresses by Google leadership, and Google programming Chris Genteel, head of business inclusion for Google, will deliver the keynote “Tech Opportunities for Everyone” on Wednesday, May 24 at 1:00 p.m., Masonic Temple. Seth Romaine, director of global deals for Google, will deliver the keynote “Future Proof Your Business” on Wednesday, May 24 at 4:00 p.m. Office Hours for Google Products, Wednesday, May 24, noon to 2:00 p.m. at Grand Circus’ Small Business Resource Fair. Google sessions including Growth Marketing for Startups, Google 101, Developing Your Company’s Cloud Strategy, Google my Business – Adwords, and Develop Your Personal Brand. Q-Line & MoGo: Detroit’s Newest Mobility Options, Wednesday, May 24 at 9:00 a.m. Moderated by NextEnergy, Detroit Startup Week’s mobility track captain, this session offers leaders from M-1 Rail and MoGo to discuss new eco-friendly mobility options and how entrepreneurs can get involved. Attendees can win free MoGo day pass and Q-Line passes. The Power of the Network, presented by Chase for Business, Tuesday, May 23 at 11:00 a.m. Learn from one of Techstars most engaging networking experts, John Hill. As former higher education evangelist for LinkedIN, Hill knows a thing or two about building relationships and connecting people. Attendees will learn LinkedIN hacks to create amazing connections. Five Obvious, yet Overlooked Ways to Increase Revenue, Wednesday, May 24 at 2:00 p.m. According to 2016 research performed by Techstars and Chase for Business, while diversity is important to 72 percent of founders, only 10 percent are taking action, and only 23 percent believe diversity improves financial performance. This session will offer five ways to leverage diversity for increased revenue. Startup Next Detroit 2.0: Startup Boost Launch, Wednesday, May 24 at 10:00 a.m. In 2016 Startup Next, the number one pre-accelerator in the world, launched in Detroit with resounding success. This year it is returning as Startup Boost to prepare startups for accelerators and seed investment through high quality mentorships and access to a global network of investors. Startup Boost is comprised of the top seven performing Startup Next cities (Detroit, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Austin, Toronto, London and Dublin). This session will introduce the 2017-2018 Startup Boost plans and application process, and present success stories from the inaugural 2016 program. Power Scale investor and entrepreneur recruitment, sponsored by Comcast Power Scale is a quarterly, reverse Shark Tank-style program sponsored by Comcast where investors will pitch themselves to be allies to metro Detroit startups. Entrepreneurs will win funding, mentorship, investor meetings, professional service packages, and much more. Recruiting will occur throughout the week. Sign up at the M-1 lounge on Masonic Temple’s second floor. Small Business Legal Academy, multiple events throughout week Miller Canfield will offer free legal help to new and future business owners through the third annual Small Business Legal Academy (SBLA). Ahead of Detroit Startup Week, SBLA will offer a panel of attorneys for a Q&A session with business owners on Saturday, May 20 at 9:00 a.m. Additionally, SBLA will host free legal clinics that will include 30-60 minute meetings between pre-registered entrepreneurs and lawyers matched to their individual needs. Clinics will take place Wednesday, May 24, 9:00 a.m. – noon and Thursday, May 25, 1:00 – 4:00 p.m. Preregister at Detroit.StartupWeek.co. This year’s Detroit Startup Week has expanded to include 16 learning tracks that support every facet of business development. Tracks are Technology, Entrepreneurship 101, Growth-Stage Entrepreneurship, Mobility, Music, Food-preneurship, Design/Art, Civic Innovation, Social Entrepreneurship, IoT – Internet of Things, MedTech, FinTech, Women Entrepreneurship, Place-Based Entrepreneurship, Retail Entrepreneurship and Youth Entrepreneurship. “This is a celebration and opportunity like no other,” said Monica Wheat, lead planner for Detroit Startup Week and founder of Parallel Ventures. “We have the energy and enthusiasm of tech, the determination of long-time Detroit businesses, and some of the most influential business leaders in the world convening to celebrate and support Detroit entrepreneurship. Our aim is high, and our impact will be great.” Detroit Startup Week is powered by Chase for Business, and supported by many other generous sponsors. Bob Rummel, business banking market manager for the Midwest for JPMorgan Chase, shares, “Chase for Business is excited to sponsor Detroit Startup Week for the second consecutive year because entrepreneurs, especially minority-owned small businesses, are critical drivers of job creation and economic opportunity in Detroit. We hope JPMorgan’s Chase’s $150 million investment in Detroit’s economic recovery, as well as Chase for Business’ ongoing commitment to the city’s entrepreneurial ecosystem, fosters growth and development citywide.” Detroit Startup Week occurs May 22 – 26, 2017 with headquarters at Detroit’s historic Masonic Temple. A full list of events and free registration can be found at Detroit.StartupWeek.co.   Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Fox 2 Detroit News must enjoy humiliating black elected officials. So why is that? Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Spelman student from Detroit establishes scholarship fund Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Five Marijuana Stocks to Buy Immediately Home | Street Talk Tags: JPMorgan | Amazon | Stock | Share | Price JPMorgan: Amazon Stock to Hit $1,110 as E-commerce Dominance Increases (Cosmin-Constantin-Sava/Dreamstime) By F McGuire   |   Thursday, 18 May 2017 03:48 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    JPMorgan urged savvy investors to make the prime decision to buy Amazon.com Inc. stock now before the price skyrockets because the Seattle online giant’s share of the U.S. e-commerce market will rise significantly in the next two years. "We believe Amazon is well positioned as the market leader in e-commerce, where it's still early days with U.S. e-commerce representing ~12% of adjusted retail sales (ex-gas, food, and autos)," analyst Doug Anmuth wrote in a note to clients. "We believe Amazon continues to show strong ability to take share of overall e-commerce, and its flexibility in pushing first-party vs. third-party inventory and its Prime offering both serve as major advantages," CNBC cited Anmuth as writing. He reaffirmed his $1,110 December 2017 price target for Amazon stock, which was trading late Thursday at $958.91. To be sure, investors who think Amazon is about to destroy the retail industry as we know it have figured out a way to supercharge that bet -- by buying the online giant’s stock and pairing it with a short position in the SPDR S&P Retail ETF, symbol XRT, a foundering fund that primarily holds bricks-and-mortar stores, Bloomberg reported. “If you are long Amazon, wouldn’t it make sense to be short the stocks Amazon will look to decimate?” said Ihor Dusaniwsky, head of research for S3 Partners LLC. “It’s going long the ‘best of the breed’ and shorting the ‘worst of the breed.’” Traders are building up short positions in anticipation of XRT dropping to $40 or $41, Dusaniwsky told Bloomberg. The fund, which is down more than 5 percent this year, closed at $41.74 on Tuesday. XRT’s top holdings include furniture stores, supermarkets and groceries, electronics chains and media streaming, all areas where Amazon is spending heavily, Dusaniwsky said. “If Amazon succeeds, it will be at the expense of companies like Wayfair, Sprouts Farmers Market, Whole Foods, Best Buy and Netflix,” Dusaniwsky said. These five companies make up around 7 percent of XRT, which also holds $3.37 million of Amazon stock, making it 1.2 percent to the portfolio, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. (Newsmax wire services and Reuters and Bloomberg contributed to this report).  Related Stories: Amazon Moving to Create Uber-Like Service for Trucking Industry Amazon Uses Self-Driving Technologies to Drive Self-Service Stores Charles Sizemore: Amazon About 'to Upend the Grocery Industry' © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk JPMorgan urged savvy investors to make the prime decision to buy Amazon.com Inc. stock now before the price skyrockets because the Seattle online giant's share of the U.S. e-commerce market will rise significantly in the next two years. JPMorgan, Amazon, Stock, Share, Price 359 Thursday, 18 May 2017 03:48 PM 2017-48-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Jeremy Siegel: Dow Would Surge 1,000 Points if Trump Resigns Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 74 comments I beg to differ. The DOW would plunge by 1000 points if Trump resign.... Jack Welch: Trump Impeachment Would 'Blow the Market Away' Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | 65 comments This is getting funnier by the day. Why are the democrats going to get to... Wilbur Ross: Trump-Russia Investigation Is 'Side Show' Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 53 comments Everyone should read and take careful note of this post because it is very... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 19 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Jamie Dimon: I'll Help Trump Because 'I'm a Patriot' Tuesday, 16 May 2017 | 14 comments MAGA is at stake and more people (no matter political label) are attracted... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Can Litigation Solve Big Law's Gender Equity Problem? Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily CONTINUE 4 Automakers Agree to Pay $553M on Takata Air Bag Claims Celia Ampel Daily Business Review Mueller’s ‘Unflinching Gaze’: Colleagues, Adversaries Size Up New Special Counsel Ben Hancock The Recorder BBQ-Loving, EB-5 Lawyer Heads to Wilson Elser Meghan Tribe The AmLaw Daily Playing for the NFL Was Like ‘Having a Final Every Week,’ Law Student Recalls Karen Sloan Law.Com The Drone Zone: Where Technology and the Legal Profession Intersect › In-Depth Analysis Drone Law Practices Taking Off — Again By Monika Gonzalez Mesa|Daily Business Review News Devices, Drones, Data: What's Next in Torts News Lawyers Mobilize as Trump Wages War on Regulations In-Depth Analysis Data Collection Is a Top Concern for Drone Operators' Counsel Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS 'American Gangster' Lawyer Charged with Theft of Client Funds David Gialanella New Jersey Law Journal IBM Says New Watson Tool Could Dramatically Reduce Outside Counsel Spend Jennifer Williams-Alvarez Corporate Counsel What Happens When Your Practice Management Software Goes Dark? Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News Latham's Fisher Withdraws From FBI Director Race Amid New Contenders Katelyn Polantz The National Law Journal Mueller Leaves Wilmer, Steps In to Head Russia Probe Cogan Schneier and Katelyn Polantz The National Law Journal Here's Some Advice for Trump From the White-Collar Bar Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal Discrimination Complaints Against Frontier Airlines by Employee Moms Mount Sue Reisinger Corporate Counsel Popular     Where the Law Jobs Are: The 2016 Edition These Law Schools Aced the 2016 Job Market Four Unexpected Career Hacks From Big Law's Top Performers Chemerinsky Named Law Dean at UC Berkeley The 2016 Law Grads Hiring Report PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS The fight against counterfeit pharmaceutical products intensifies The World Health Organization has reported that 10% of the medicines offered for sale globally are counterfeits. Among drugs promoted online, 90% are counterfeit medicines and are life-threatening. Download Disability discrimination: are multiple choice tests fair for all? The Employment Appeal Tribunal has considered whether a job applicant with Asperger's syndrome was indirectly discriminated against for being required to sit a multiple choice test in the recruitment process. Download WannaCry? You may not want to cry but you will want to check your policy terms As well as testing the IT systems and preparedness of its victims, events such the Wannacry attack also test the wordings of the cyber policies and other traditional covers on which many insureds rely. Download New Mexico becomes 48th state to enact a data breach law, plus US state-level updates An active spring state legislative session has already produced a few new state data breach laws. Download Tax administrations prepare for automatic exchange of CbC reports - are you ready? The OECD has announced that another important step has been taken to implement country-by-country reporting requirements. Download Cybersecurity and law firms: defeating hackers, winning clients Vulnerabilities in law firms’ internal data security present an unprecedented existential threat. This report assesses the changing cybersecurity landscape and offers guidance for law firms in ensuring cybersecurity preparedness. Download Court of Appeal sends further message on mediation: Don’t drag your heels in arranging it A recent Court of Appeal decision is the latest instance of the court expressly sending a message to litigants confirming what it expects of them regarding mediation within the court process. Download Government proposes shake-up of Australia's foreign bribery laws Proposed amendments include a new corporate offence of failing to prevent foreign bribery and a model for a deferred prosecution agreement scheme. Download Are new on-highway, heavy-duty diesel NOx standards coming down the road? Why the heavy-duty industry should monitor California developments. Download Food and Beverage News and Trends: May 2017 This regular publication by DLA Piper lawyers focuses on helping clients navigate the ever-changing business, legal and regulatory landscape in the US. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Titan International Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Titan International Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Buys 26,600 Shares of MGM Resorts International (MGM) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $314,000 Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Shares Bought by Teton Advisors Inc. Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Stake Cut by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Teton Advisors Inc. Holds Position in RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Teton Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in Navigators Group Inc (NAVG) Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Stake Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Teton Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Titan International Inc (TWI) British Columbia Investment Management Corp Has $7.482 Million Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $402,000 Position in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Three Peaks Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Detour Gold Co. Issued By National Bank Financial (DGC) FY2018 Earnings Estimate for Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD) Issued By Cormark Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Upgraded at ValuEngine Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Cut to Sell at ValuEngine Neonode, Inc (NEON) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research easyJet plc’s (EZJ) Underweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Stone Energy Co. (SGY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” Ideagen PLC (IDEA) Price Target Raised to GBX 108 at FinnCap Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for AbbVie (ABBV) Teton Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Titan International Inc (TWI) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teton Advisors Inc. continued to hold its stake in shares of Titan International Inc (NYSE:TWI) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 35,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Teton Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Titan International were worth $362,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in TWI. Shell Asset Management Co. bought a new stake in shares of Titan International during the third quarter valued at about $1,224,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 33.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 16,935 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $171,000 after buying an additional 4,227 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 1.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 482,323 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,881,000 after buying an additional 5,535 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 18.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 209,672 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,122,000 after buying an additional 33,376 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 240.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 74,527 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $754,000 after buying an additional 52,620 shares during the period. 81.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Titan International Inc (NYSE:TWI) traded down 1.72% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $9.70. The stock had a trading volume of 171,182 shares. The stock’s market cap is $578.67 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $10.25 and a 200-day moving average of $11.30. Titan International Inc has a 52-week low of $5.76 and a 52-week high of $14.23. Titan International (NYSE:TWI) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported ($0.18) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.09) by $0.09. The business had revenue of $357.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $332.14 million. Titan International had a negative net margin of 6.86% and a negative return on equity of 12.49%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 11.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.33) EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Titan International Inc will post ($0.08) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/teton-advisors-inc-continues-to-hold-position-in-titan-international-inc-twi.html. TWI has been the topic of several recent research reports. William Blair raised Titan International from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Titan International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Feltl & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Titan International in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a $14.00 price objective (up previously from $11.50) on shares of Titan International in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Sidoti raised Titan International from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Titan International currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $14.33. Titan International Company Profile Titan International, Inc is a wheel, tire, and undercarriage industrial manufacturer and supplier. The Company’s segments are agricultural, earthmoving/construction, and consumer. The Company produces a range of products to meet the specifications of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and aftermarket customers in the agricultural, earthmoving/construction, and consumer markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TWI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Titan International Inc (NYSE:TWI). Receive News & Ratings for Titan International Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Titan International Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Anglo American plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Primero Mining Corp (P) Stock Rating Lowered by Desjardins Britvic Plc (BVIC) Receives “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Fortuna Silver Mines Inc (FVI) Rating Reiterated by National Bank Financial BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Barclays PLC (BARC) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Anglo American plc’s (AAL) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Shares Bought by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Western Digital Corp (WDC) Position Cut by Renaissance Group LLC Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Position Maintained by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Comerica Bank Acquires 2,664 Shares of Steris PLC (STE) Comerica Bank Buys 8,596 Shares of Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Acquires 763 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) LTC Properties Inc (LTC) Shares Sold by Comerica Bank MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Position Reduced by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Has $4.654 Million Stake in AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Q2 2018 Earnings Forecast for J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Issued By B. Riley Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2018 Earnings of $1.07 Per Share Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Chico's FAS, Inc. Lowered by FBR & Co (CHS) Premier Oil PLC (PMOIY) Downgraded by Jefferies Group LLC to “Hold” SSAB Svenskt Stal AB (SSAAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Anglo American plc’s (AAL) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their overweight rating on shares of Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) in a report issued on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a GBX 1,600 ($20.65) target price on the mining company’s stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on AAL. HSBC Holdings plc upgraded Anglo American plc to a buy rating and upped their price objective for the company from GBX 1,100 ($14.20) to GBX 1,470 ($18.98) in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,600 ($20.65) price objective on shares of Anglo American plc in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Liberum Capital reiterated a sell rating and issued a GBX 575 ($7.42) price objective on shares of Anglo American plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Barclays PLC reiterated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 1,240 ($16.01) price objective on shares of Anglo American plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,150 ($14.84) price objective on shares of Anglo American plc in a report on Friday, January 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Anglo American plc has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,278.33 ($16.50). Shares of Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) traded down 1.02% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 1067.00. The stock had a trading volume of 10,602,612 shares. Anglo American plc has a 52-week low of GBX 557.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,529.01. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,133.71 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,208.90. The firm’s market cap is GBX 13.59 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Anglo American plc’s (AAL) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/anglo-american-plcs-aal-overweight-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other Anglo American plc news, insider Philip R. Hampton bought 727 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 1,264 ($16.32) per share, with a total value of £9,189.28 ($11,861.73). Also, insider John Parker sold 62,696 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,107 ($14.29), for a total transaction of £694,044.72 ($895,888.37). In the last three months, insiders bought 754 shares of company stock worth $950,206. Anglo American plc Company Profile Anglo American plc is a mining company. The Company has a portfolio of mining operations and undeveloped resources with a focus on diamonds, copper, platinum group metals (PGMs), and bulk commodities and other minerals. Its segments include De Beers, Platinum, Copper, Nickel, Niobium and Phosphates, Iron Ore and Manganese, Coal, and Corporate and other. Receive News & Ratings for Anglo American plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Compass Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Compass Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shire PLC (SHP) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for ITV plc (ITV) National Grid plc (NG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Elbit Systems (ESLT) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.17 J M Smucker Co (SJM) Stake Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Position Reduced by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Acquires 425 Shares of J M Smucker Co (SJM) Cambrex Co. (CBM) Stake Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Schroders plc (SDR) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Compass Group plc (CPG) Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $91.381 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Stake Decreased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Royal Bank of Canada Raises Kraft Heinz Foods Co (HNZ) Price Target to $14.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) to Sell Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Compass Group plc (CPG) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Compass Group plc (LON: CPG) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 5/12/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 1,620 ($20.91) price target on the stock. 5/12/2017 – Compass Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 1,450 ($18.72) to GBX 1,510 ($19.49). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 5/11/2017 – Compass Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets from GBX 1,495 ($19.30) to GBX 1,560 ($20.14). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 5/11/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 1,600 ($20.65) price target on the stock. 5/11/2017 – Compass Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,665 ($21.49) to GBX 1,670 ($21.56). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 5/11/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,520 ($19.62) price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 5/10/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBX 1,460 ($18.85) price target on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. 4/28/2017 – Compass Group plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. 4/26/2017 – Compass Group plc is now covered by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They set a “hold” rating and a GBX 1,600 ($20.65) price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Compass Group plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 1,740 ($22.46) to GBX 1,715 ($22.14). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Compass Group plc had its price target lowered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,685 ($21.75) to GBX 1,665 ($21.49). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Compass Group plc was upgraded by analysts at Beaufort Securities to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 1,700 ($21.94) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Compass Group plc was upgraded by analysts at Peel Hunt to a “buy” rating. Shares of Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) traded up 0.20% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 1601.00. 5,361,487 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,545.51 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,461.99. The firm’s market cap is GBX 26.30 billion. Compass Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,242.15 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,639.33. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 27th will be paid a dividend of GBX 61 ($0.79) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 27th. This is an increase from Compass Group plc’s previous dividend of $11.20. Compass Group PLC provides food and support services. The Company’s segments include North America, Europe, Rest of World and Central activities. The Europe segment includes Turkey and Russia. The Rest of World segment includes Japan. The Company delivers services in sectors, including business and industry; healthcare and seniors; education; defense, offshore and remote, and sports and leisure. Receive News & Ratings for Compass Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Compass Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices When is a Neighborhood With a Ferrari Store Considered Low Income? The Wall Street Journal. Rachel Louise Ensign and AnnaMaria Andriotis 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How the FDA OK'd a $300K drug its experts didn't think worked Economists: Men need more than money to be marriageable Click to expand Replay Video The FCC moved to undo net neutrality. So what's next? The Federal Communications Commission voted May 18 to begin undoing Obama-era Internet regulations that disallowed Internet providers from favoring or blocking websites. Here's what's next for the commission and your Internet. The Washington Post YouTube yet to win back key advertisers After offensive content drove some advertisers away, Barron's Next found that several have yet to return. The Wall Street Journal. Roger Ailes dead at 77 Fox News is confirming that former CEO Roger Ailes has passed away. CNBC's Julia Boorstin reports. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Park Ave. Branches Help Banks Pass Low-Income Lending Test The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next The FCC moved to undo net neutrality. So what's next? The Washington Post1:49 YouTube yet to win back key advertisers The Wall Street Journal.0:39 Roger Ailes dead at 77 CNBC0:52 Hong Kong car garage sells for record $3 billion Reuters1:21 Girl Scouts new CEO is a rocket scientist CNN Money0:58 Law that tried to stop revenue-motivated policing is struck down Newsy0:57 Would a Trump impeachment kill stocks? The Street1:09 Sesame Street and SeaWorld plan more joint parks Wochit Business0:32 Bitcoin isn't 100 percent secure — here's how to further hide your purchases Business Insider1:54 Will Trump's tax plan hurt the value of your home? Fox Business4:31 Children's plush toy recalled because of choking hazard Veuer0:52 Which airlines reward frequent fliers the most? The Wall Street Journal.2:45 Beyonce and Jay Z are officially a billion dollar couple CNBC1:16 Alex Jones apologizes to Chobani Veuer0:51 Startup delivers STD tests to your home CNN Money3:58 America's oil production confounds OPEC Reuters1:56 UP NEXT To any casual observer, the area just south of Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan is obviously wealthy: The blocks are crowded with skyscrapers, and stores include Versace and Ferrari. Diners can pick at the foie gras and caviar on La Grenouille’s $172 prix-fixe dinner menu. Quotes in the article First Republic Bank FRC ▲ 90.25 +0.50 +0.56% Facebook Inc FB ▲ 147.66 +2.81 +1.94% BancorpSouth Inc BXS ▲ 29.05 +0.30 +1.04% Regions Financial Corp RF ▲ 14.01 +0.04 +0.29% AdChoices In the eyes of federal bank regulations, though, that sliver of New York City is a poor neighborhood where median incomes are relatively low. The anomaly has yielded a hidden benefit for banks such as J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co. that have crowded branches into the area. Having robust branch representation in supposedly low-income areas gives them a better score on a key regulatory test that can help determine how fast they expand. It’s all part of the Community Reinvestment Act, a roughly four-decade-old federal law designed to stop lending discrimination in low-income neighborhoods. In recent years, lawmakers and regulators have clashed over the legislation’s efficacy. Proponents of the CRA, many on the left, count it as a bulwark for those struggling to keep up in a financial system that has grown more unequal. Critics, mostly conservative, say the law’s implementation encouraged banks to make bad loans that contributed to the financial crisis. Neighborhoods like the one in Midtown Manhattan could add a new dimension to the debate, even though branch analysis is only one part of regulators’ broader CRA evaluations. Its quirky treatment under the CRA is due to the fact that regulators who enforce the act rely on older, sometimes unreliable, Census Bureau data to determine an area’s income level. New York isn’t an isolated example. Six of the 10 most popular poor areas for banks to have branches, including the Manhattan tract, are slated to lose that classification when more recent census data go into effect this year, according to regulators and data from fair-lending software company ComplianceTech. But bank regulators have been using the older data because they stick to a preset schedule of switching every five years. In one of these census tracts, a “low income” area in downtown San Francisco, one of the most expensive cities in the country, 53 branches pack into an area that census data indicate has only 1,783 residents. That’s 52 more branches than the average poor district in the U.S. has, despite the fact the San Francisco tract has far fewer residents than average. Load Error About 30 miles away in Menlo Park, Calif., a First Republic Bank branch on Facebook Inc.’s corporate campus is classified as lower income because the surrounding areas have lower incomes than the median of the broader area. But the only people with access to the branch are employees and guests of Facebook, which paid an average of $189,000 in stock-based compensation last year for each employee globally. Facebook and First Republic declined to comment. In Washington, guests of high-end hotels in the blocks near the White House and elite lobbying firms have 19 branches to choose from, including three Bank of America Corp. locations. All of the branches give the banks credit for serving a lower-income community. Then there is Manhattan’s census tract 102, the bustling Midtown blocks with the most lower-income bank branches per capita in the U.S., according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of data from ComplianceTech’s LendingPatterns.com. Due to a paucity of residential buildings in the area, the district bordered by Park and Fifth avenues, 49th and 56th streets has only 230 residents, or about 10 for each of the 22 bank branches that call the tract home, according to the census data used by banking regulators. Visitors to the area can stay in the St. Regis Hotel where most rooms cost more than $1,000 a night or gaze up at the Olympic Tower, a 51-story skyscraper where fashion’s Gucci sisters have listed a penthouse for $35 million. A short walk away: Trump Tower, which is in a higher-income district across 56th Street. Banks have good reasons besides the CRA to be in such areas. They tend to include commercial districts that are densely populated with office workers who might want to visit a bank on a break. Tract 102 also has many tourists visiting. But the areas often have few residential buildings, one reason that can explain the lower-income CRA designation. The fact that banks get credit for branches in these areas, though, has prompted some criticism. “Banks can conform to the letter of the law, but not meet the purpose of CRA,” says John Vogel, an adjunct professor at Dartmouth’s Tuck School of Business. This is especially the case, he says, in the classification of “low- and moderate-income neighborhoods.” The CRA was signed by President Jimmy Carter in 1977 to stop “redlining,” a practice where banks wouldn’t lend money in poorer or minority neighborhoods. Bank regulators during the Clinton administration added a uniform test as a way to measure compliance more objectively. The hope was that by encouraging banks to do business in lower-income areas, people living there would be able to get affordable loans. The vast majority of banks examined—approximately 97%—received a passing grade on the test between 2006 and 2015, according to a report by the Congressional Research Service. The penalties for falling short can be costly. In addition to the reputation hit, a low rating generally prevents banks from pursuing mergers, which can be a big disadvantage for small and midsize lenders. For instance, Mississippi-based BancorpSouth had to delay two mergers when its CRA rating was downgraded. Other bigger lenders including Wells Fargo, Fifth Third Bancorp and Regions Financial Corp. have faced restrictions on mergers or other expansion when their ratings were downgraded. First Republic Bank, which caters to wealthier clients including those at Facebook’s headquarters, has 14 branches that count for CRA credit as lower income. Three of those branches are in those popular neighborhoods that the newer census data indicate are no longer low- or moderate- income. On First Republic’s most recent CRA exam in 2015, regulators gave it a “high satisfactory” rating for the portion of the test that includes examining branch locations. The part of the CRA test looking at branch location examines census tracts, which typically have a few thousand people apiece. Each tract is typically sorted into one of four groups, based on the tract’s median family income in relation to the broader metropolitan area’s. Tracts in the two poorer groups are called low or moderate income, nicknamed “LMI.” Banks get better marks on the test for loans or branches that involve the two lower-income groupings. In New York’s tract 102, the bank regulators estimate that median family income is $45,019, or 62% of the $72,600 median for the New York City area. That number is pegged to 2010 census data. But since then, the Census collected new data that boosted the income figure to $111,667, a bounce that’s due in part to the tract’s small sample size. In its most recent report, from 2015, the Census bureau couldn’t find enough reliable data to give an income estimate. Bank regulators that oversee CRA, which include the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, have continued to rely on the 2010 data, so the tract remained a lower-income one under the CRA test. This year, bank regulators are starting to base their income designations on 2015 census data. The refreshed data, a portion of which was released by regulators earlier this year, will mean six of the 10 lower-income tracts with the most bank branches will no longer merit those designations. As for Manhattan’s tract 102, only about 30 households submitted data for the latest census survey. It isn’t clear if they included the nine priests who live in the district at St. Patrick’s Cathedral—with incomes of around $30,000 apiece—or any residents of Olympic Tower, where a doorman laughed at the question of whether the building had low-income residents. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal How the FDA approved a $300,000-a-year drug its own experts didn't believe worked The Wall Street Journal. 市場のアノマリー、実は大半が存在せず The Wall Street Journal. トランプ相場の崩壊、どこまで？ The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search Banks Are Finally Leveraging A.I. To Improve Offerings May 18, 2017 9:29am NYSE:XLF ShareTweet From Jon Markman: Soon, you can manage your finances like a pro with the help of your very own personal digital assistant. This week Bank of America (BAC) unveiled Erica. The state-of-the-art chatbot comes equipped with artificial intelligence, predictive analytics and cognitive messaging. Tech buzzwords aside, the bank hopes bots are the answer to improving customer loyalty and system-wide productivity. Data analytics is a cornerstone of the New Gilded Age. Made possible by powerful, ubiquitous cloud-computing networks, it takes the guesswork out of tricky choices. Erica is one manifestation. She’s your personal cyber-banker. She’s on duty 24/7. And she’s slick. She lives inside a secure mobile app on your smartphone. The chatbot knows all the intimate details of your finances. And she is always learning, and you can chat with her through text or voice. Erica may suggest moving money to save you from bouncing a check. Or she may recommend a way to help you to save for a rainy day. She can even help improve your FICO score. The A.I. bot signifies a new trend in financial services. Banks are building new products to cater to tech-savvy customers who live in an on-demand world. To get there, they are reaching into the public cloud. There was a time when banks didn’t dare move mission-critical applications to the cloud. It seemed too risky. So they stuck to email and non-core applications, like business support networks. Cloud computing has helped Bank of America launch an AI cyber-assistant that acts like a personal banker for customers. However, in April, UBS Group AG (UBS) announced it was moving risk management, the most important part of its business, to the Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Azure Cloud. A few weeks earlier, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) had already begun migrating its wholesale trading applications to the public cloud. According to Dana Deasy, JPMorgan chief information officer, it was simply “time to move.” There are obvious benefits. At large enterprises, CIOs appreciate not footing the bill for constant IT infrastructure upgrades. And better cybersecurity is a win. However, the biggest allure of the public cloud comes from the ability to scale powerful computing power to run data analytics. With it, it’s a snap to use prescriptive modeling to build targeted marketing campaigns. And it’s easy to mine historical data sets to find indicative patterns, too. When Erica seductively suggests you move money from your savings account to checking, based on recent transactions, she’s tapping these tools. The software is drawing an actionable insight, in real time. The demo makes it seem effortless. Sort of like a duck moving across the surface of a pond. While there may not be much action up top, beneath the surface those spindly legs and web feet are kicking furiously. The power of the New Gilded Age comes from cloud computing. The cloud has democratized the tools of big data. Any company can use them to build new products, services, or business models. As for investors, they must prepare to reap the benefits. Most of the really big gains lie ahead. The process is just beginning. Companies will move workloads to the cloud. They will re-imagine their business models to the great benefit of shareholders. My job is to find these companies. It is what I do every day for my Pivotal Point Trader members. Today it’s banking and chatbots. Tomorrow it may be another sector, another business underappreciated by current investors. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLF) fell $0.14 (-0.61%) in premarket trading Thursday. Year-to-date, XLF has declined -1.55%, versus a 5.24% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XLF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of B (Buy), and is ranked #12 of 39 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Jon Markman’s Pivotal Point. Tags: artificial intelligence banks Cloud Computing Equity financial Jon Markman NYSE:XLF Categories: NYSE:XLF Read Next Why Low Rates Aren’t Actually Bad For Banks What If Trump’s Policies Aren’t Bullish For Banks After All? Financials Look Overextended As U.S. “Big Four” Banks Hit $1 Trillion Market Cap These Major Banks Are Poised To Benefit From Rising Rates Have U.S. Banks’ Valuations Run Up Too Far? Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular More Losses Coming For Dow Jones Industrial Average, As Technicals Break Down? Bitcoin’s Fatal Flaw Could Be Massive Cryptocurrency Competition iShares MSCI Brazil Index ETF (EWZ) Crashes 15% On Political Scandal Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Despite Recent Setbacks, RBC Has 4 Top Bank Stocks to Buy Now By Lee Jackson May 18, 2017 9:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet Financials got hit hard yesterday on some of the biggest selling we have seen so far in 2017, and while the road could stay bumpy for a while, the sell-off is giving investors a chance to look at buying some of the big banks. That’s a positive as the banks may end up being some of the biggest beneficiaries of policies that are expected to take hold over the next year. A new research report, RBC continues to stay very positive on the banks, and the firm maintains that the major themes that keep it bullish are still in place. The report cites four reasons for the continued bullishness. The economy is getting stronger. RBC expects more stimulative fiscal policies from the Trump administration. The analysts also expect less regulation. Higher interest rates should come with an advantageous yield curve. The analysts also remain positive on the larger cap stocks, and we found four of the biggest that are rated Outperform that still look like good long-term buys. Bank of America The company posted solid first-quarter results, and it expects a significant increase in net interest income for the current quarter. Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) is a ubiquitous presence in the United States, providing various banking and financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle market businesses, institutional investors, corporations and governments in the United States and internationally. It operates some 5,100 banking centers, 16,300 ATMs, call centers, online and a mobile banking platform. The company reported quarterly revenue that handily beat consensus estimates and was up 7% from a year ago. And earnings blew out expectations. This is very good news, as Bank of America’s business continues to improve at a faster-than-expected pace. Bank of America investors receive a 1.33% dividend. The RBC price target for the stock is $26, and the Wall Street consensus target is $26.07. The shares closed Wednesday at $22.57, down almost 5% on the day. Citigroup This top bank is trading at the same level it was in the summer of 2015. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. It provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services and wealth management. Trading at a still very cheap 10 times estimated 2018 earnings, the bank looks very reasonable in what is becoming a pricey stock market. A continuing stock buyback program is a big positive. The company’s institutional clients group appeared to be holding its ground last quarter, and while guidance released in January was conservative and somewhat disappointing, it is cheap at this level. Citigroup investors receive a 1.07% dividend. The $65 RBC price target compares with the consensus price objective of $64.85. Shares closed most recently at 59.98. JPMorgan This stock trades at a reasonable 13 times estimated 2017 forward earnings and could respond good in a rising rate scenario. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is one of the leading global financial services firms, and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with about $2.6 trillion in assets. The company as it is today formed through the merger of retail bank Chase Manhattan and investment bank JPMorgan. The firm has many operating divisions, including investment and corporate banking, asset management, retail financial services, commercial banking, credit cards and financial transaction services. The company reported solid first-quarter results and continues to take advantage of revenue opportunities in new markets and with the credit card business. Investors are paid a solid 2.34% dividend. RBC has a $95 price target. The consensus target is $94.10, and shares closed Wednesday at $84.27. Wells Fargo This large cap bank is another stock for investors to look at now for safety, dividends and solid upside potential. Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) is a nationwide, diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.8 trillion in assets. The company provides banking, insurance, investments, mortgage and consumer and commercial finance through 8,700 locations, 12,800 ATMs, the Internet and mobile banking. It also has offices in 36 countries to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo has slowly, but surely, become one of the biggest mortgage lending companies in the United States, in addition to its normal banking and brokerage businesses. A continued increase in commercial real estate lending could really boost the bank’s bottom line and overall revenue. The stock also remains a top Warren Buffett holding. First-quarter earnings were somewhat disappointing as spread revenues and efficiency were lower than estimates. In addition, a confusing Investor Day message, along with a slower spread income outlook, drove shares down almost 10% over the past two weeks. Top analysts feel the company is laying the foundation this year for a much better earnings outlook starting in 2018. Wells Fargo shareholders receive a 2.91% dividend. RBC has set its price target at $60, and the consensus target is $57.59. Shares closed Wednesday at $52.24. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Sticking with the big money center leaders makes sense, especially with some volatility creeping back into the overall markets. While the near term could get rocky, the long-term outlook for all these large cap leaders is solid. By Lee Jackson « Marijuana Sales to Reach Up to $6 Billion This Year What to Watch For in the Bright Scholar IPO » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands States With the Worst Roads States Producing the Most Renewable Energy The Richest Town in Every State Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 General Electric, Ascena Retail Group Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Wal-Mart, Apple Lead DJIA Higher Thursday What Analysts Are Saying After Cisco’s Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Elon Musk Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation Google Is Making Its Biggest Push Yet Into Augmented Reality Real Talk! Here's Exactly When to Pay Off Credit Balances to Improve Your Credit Score Synchrony Financial to buy back up to $1.64 billion in shares Synchrony Financial hikes quarterly dividend to 15 cents Trump says he wants biggest tax cut in U.S. history Five Strong Buys Bucking Market Trends Incyte (INCY) Announces Positive Data on Enzyme Inhibitor A.I. Takes Center Stage at Google I/O 2017 Keynote Event Toyota, Nissan, others get behind fuel cell push in Japan Seeking a New Narrative, Trump Embarks on Trip to Middle East and Europe Trump Labor secretary tells G-20: More apprenticeships in US Basquiat Painting Sells for Historic $110.5 Million At Sotheby's Auction Why Trump Doesn't Have The Power To Mess With National Monuments This Pet-Sitting Site Lets You Vacation Around The World For Free Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Close menu Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Arts & Culture Education Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Sports Praise Video Photos Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Arts & Culture Education Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Sports Praise Video Photos Business Home > Business Morehouse Receives $400,000 JPMorgan Chase Grant To Help Atlanta Entrepreneurs By D. Aileen Dodd Leave a comment 47 reads The Morehouse College Entrepreneurship Center has received a $400,000 grant from JPMorgan Chase to help grow new minority-and-women-owned tech businesses and provide funds to existing firms that need the capital to expand. The program, Ascend 2020 Atlanta, offers minority and female entrepreneurs a network of support from experts in the fields of business management, marketing, finance, and technology that will work to help them to succeed. Morehouse College will partner with TechSquare Labs, Metro Atlanta Chamber, Access to Capital for Entrepreneurs, and the Advanced Technology Development Center at Georgia Tech in the effort. “Morehouse is very excited about the potential of this partnership, which allows the College to extend our reach and support to minority entrepreneurs here in Atlanta,” says Tiffany Bussey, director of the Morehouse College Entrepreneurship Center. “These engagements afford us the opportunity to build upon our leadership in decreasing the income inequality gap in our communities.” Morehouse College Interim President Bill Taggart said the partnership is a great opportunity for young entrepreneurs interested in launching tech businesses. It will link minority firms to tools and resources provided by business schools, business service organizations, and Community Development Financial Institutions. “This partnership could increase economic development in communities in the shadows of Morehouse College,” Taggart says. “It gives entrepreneurs access to some of our most talented professors and a team of experts working in the tech industry. We thank JPMorgan Chase for their investment in Morehouse and the minority business community.” Research shows minority-owned businesses rely significantly more on investments of personal or family wealth than on outside debt or equity. In 2013, only 16 percent of conventional small business loans went to women entrepreneurs and less than two percent of African American owned businesses received SBA loans, according to a recent report by the U.S. Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. Officials with the New York-based financial services firm JPMorgan Chase said the $400,000 grant will help to increase capital and training for minority and female entrepreneurs in metro Atlanta. “Connecting underrepresented small businesses with the resources and capital they need to grow is not only good for the economic health of the community, it’s also good business,” says Rey Curva, head of Chase Business Banking in Atlanta. “Over the past several years, Chase has referred hundreds of small businesses to our trusted CDFI partners, and we’re pleased that many come back to Chase for a small business loan when the time is right.” In the last six months, JPMorgan Chase has provided more than $4.6 million to nonprofit organizations supporting the growth of small businesses in Atlanta. The Ascend 2020 program, a national effort supported by JPMorgan Chase, was first developed by the University of Washington Foster School of Business last year to grow minority-owned, women-owned, and veteran-owned businesses in urban centers across the country, including Chicago, Los Angeles, Oakland, and Washington D.C. atlanta entrepreneurs , jp morgan chase , Morehouse College Also On Atlanta Daily World: comments – Add Yours DIGITAL EDITION × Sign Up Now For The Atlanta Daily World Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Follow Us! Follow Us! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Martin Marietta Announces Pricing Terms of Debt Offering RALEIGH, N.C.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE:MLM) announced today the pricing of its offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2020 (the “Floating Rate Notes”) and $300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2027 (the “Fixed Rate Notes” and, together with the Floating Rate Notes, the “Senior Notes”). The Floating Rate Notes will mature on May 22, 2020, will bear interest at a per annum floating rate, reset quarterly, equal to three-month LIBOR for U.S. dollars plus 0.65% and will be issued at 100% of par value. Interest will be paid quarterly in arrears on February 22, May 22, August 22 and November 22, commencing August 22, 2017. The Fixed Rate Notes will mature on June 1, 2027, will have an interest rate of 3.450% and will be issued at 99.798% of par value. Interest will be paid semiannually on the 1st day of June and December, commencing December 1, 2017. The Senior Notes will be sold pursuant to Martin Marietta’s shelf registration statement and the base prospectus on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The net proceeds of the offering are expected to be used to (i) refinance in full at maturity Martin Marietta’s existing floating rate notes scheduled to mature on June 30, 2017, (ii) repay approximately $200 million of the debt outstanding under Martin Marietta’s revolving credit facility and (iii) repay approximately $95 million of the debt outstanding under Martin Marietta’s trade receivables facility. Closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 22, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC will serve as underwriters and joint book-running managers for the offering. Martin Marietta has filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (including a base prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and the prospectus supplement thereto and the other documents that Martin Marietta has filed or will file with the SEC for more complete information about Martin Marietta and this offering. The offering will be made only pursuant to the terms of the relevant prospectus supplement (including the prospectus). These documents will be available at no charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents will be made available upon request to any underwriter participating in the offering. Interested parties may obtain a prospectus and the related prospectus supplement from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, Attn: Prospectus Group, by telephone at (800) 503-4611 or by email at prospectus.CPDG@db.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attn: Investment Grade Syndicate Disk—3rd Floor or by telephone at (212) 834-4533; BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, 901 East Byrd Street, Suite 300, Richmond, Virginia 23219, Attn: Keith E. Pomroy, by telephone at (844) 499-2713 or by email at prospectusrequests@bbandtcm.com; SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., 303 Peachtree Street, NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30308, Attn: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (800) 685-4786 or by email at STRHdocs@SunTrust.com; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, Attn: WFS Customer Service, by telephone at (800) 645-3751 or by email at wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Offers of securities will be made only by means of a prospectus filed with the SEC. The prospectus is part of a shelf registration statement that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. COMPANY DESCRIPTION Martin Marietta is an American-based company and a leading supplier of building materials, including cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt. Through a network of operations spanning 29 states, Canada, The Bahamas, and the Caribbean Islands, dedicated Martin Marietta teams supply the resources necessary for building the solid foundations on which our communities thrive. Martin Marietta’s Magnesia Specialties business provides a full range of magnesium oxide, magnesium hydroxide and dolomitic lime products. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release contains statements which, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that we believe in good faith are reasonable at the time the statements are made, but which may be materially different from actual results. Investors can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. The words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “scheduled” and similar expressions in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any or all of the Company’s forward-looking statements in this release may turn out to be wrong. Statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows, performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory compliance and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could affect our forward-looking statements and actual performance. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this prospectus. You should consider these forward-looking statements in light of risk factors discussed in the preliminary prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on May 17, 2017 and those in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, our current report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2017 and other periodic filings made with the SEC. All of our forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we consider immaterial could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements. MLM-G CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Face Mask for Anti-Pollution Market Trend, Applications, Size, Demand & 2017-2021 Industry Growth Analysis Report Next PostNext HDMI Switch Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts WLKR Threads Online Apparel Store Unveils Fresh Collection of Funny Men’s T-Shirts and Graphic Tees Spirulina Market Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Plywood Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Plywood Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Plywood Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Martin Marietta Announces Pricing Terms of Debt Offering May 18, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time RALEIGH, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (NYSE:MLM) announced today the pricing of its offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2020 (the “Floating Rate Notes”) and $300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2027 (the “Fixed Rate Notes” and, together with the Floating Rate Notes, the “Senior Notes”). The Floating Rate Notes will mature on May 22, 2020, will bear interest at a per annum floating rate, reset quarterly, equal to three-month LIBOR for U.S. dollars plus 0.65% and will be issued at 100% of par value. Interest will be paid quarterly in arrears on February 22, May 22, August 22 and November 22, commencing August 22, 2017. The Fixed Rate Notes will mature on June 1, 2027, will have an interest rate of 3.450% and will be issued at 99.798% of par value. Interest will be paid semiannually on the 1st day of June and December, commencing December 1, 2017. The Senior Notes will be sold pursuant to Martin Marietta’s shelf registration statement and the base prospectus on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The net proceeds of the offering are expected to be used to (i) refinance in full at maturity Martin Marietta’s existing floating rate notes scheduled to mature on June 30, 2017, (ii) repay approximately $200 million of the debt outstanding under Martin Marietta’s revolving credit facility and (iii) repay approximately $95 million of the debt outstanding under Martin Marietta’s trade receivables facility. Closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 22, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC will serve as underwriters and joint book-running managers for the offering. Martin Marietta has filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (including a base prospectus) with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and the prospectus supplement thereto and the other documents that Martin Marietta has filed or will file with the SEC for more complete information about Martin Marietta and this offering. The offering will be made only pursuant to the terms of the relevant prospectus supplement (including the prospectus). These documents will be available at no charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents will be made available upon request to any underwriter participating in the offering. Interested parties may obtain a prospectus and the related prospectus supplement from Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, Attn: Prospectus Group, by telephone at (800) 503-4611 or by email at prospectus.CPDG@db.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attn: Investment Grade Syndicate Disk—3rd Floor or by telephone at (212) 834-4533; BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, 901 East Byrd Street, Suite 300, Richmond, Virginia 23219, Attn: Keith E. Pomroy, by telephone at (844) 499-2713 or by email at prospectusrequests@bbandtcm.com; SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., 303 Peachtree Street, NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30308, Attn: Prospectus Department, by telephone at (800) 685-4786 or by email at STRHdocs@SunTrust.com; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, Attn: WFS Customer Service, by telephone at (800) 645-3751 or by email at wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Offers of securities will be made only by means of a prospectus filed with the SEC. The prospectus is part of a shelf registration statement that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. COMPANY DESCRIPTION Martin Marietta is an American-based company and a leading supplier of building materials, including cement, ready mixed concrete and asphalt. Through a network of operations spanning 29 states, Canada, The Bahamas, and the Caribbean Islands, dedicated Martin Marietta teams supply the resources necessary for building the solid foundations on which our communities thrive. Martin Marietta’s Magnesia Specialties business provides a full range of magnesium oxide, magnesium hydroxide and dolomitic lime products. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This release contains statements which, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and are based on assumptions that we believe in good faith are reasonable at the time the statements are made, but which may be materially different from actual results. Investors can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to historic or current facts. The words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “scheduled” and similar expressions in connection with future events or future operating or financial performance are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any or all of the Company’s forward-looking statements in this release may turn out to be wrong. Statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows, performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory compliance and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could affect our forward-looking statements and actual performance. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this prospectus. You should consider these forward-looking statements in light of risk factors discussed in the preliminary prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on May 17, 2017 and those in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, our current report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2017 and other periodic filings made with the SEC. All of our forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these factors. In addition, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we consider immaterial could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements. MLM-G Contacts Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Elisabeth L. Eisleben, 919-510-4776 Elisabeth.Eisleben@martinmarietta.com Contacts Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. Elisabeth L. Eisleben, 919-510-4776 Elisabeth.Eisleben@martinmarietta.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Taiwan stocks fall on profit-taking; Trump worries weigh on market BoB back in the black; bad loan povisions come down 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Friday, 19 May 2017 Gold rises, set for biggest weekly gain since mid-April Oil prices climb on hopes output cuts will be extended Sovereign Funds pull $18.4 b from global markets Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries Nikkei slips as US turmoil unnerves investors, Takata rises after claims settled IDBI Bank’s fall not done yet, don’t rush to buy Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 09:18 AM | 19 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,632197.16 NIFTY 50 9,48151.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,66344.0 USD/INR 64.780.62 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW JPMorgan sticks with S&P500 year-end target, warns of short-term hit from politics By Reuters | Updated: May 18, 2017, 03.07 PM IST Post a Comment LONDON: Strategists at JPMorgan said on Thursday that U.S. stocks could face a short-term hit from political events as some leveraged bets get unwound, though corporate earnings strength was still enough for them to maintain their year-end forecast on the S&P 500. The U.S. broker upped its estimate for aggregate earnings for the S&P 500 companies following a robust set of first-quarter results that saw U.S. bluechips deliver their strongest earnings growth in 22 quarters. Any support to stock markets is likely to come from corporate growth, JPMorgan said, adding it did not expect investors would be willing pay higher multiples without progress on pro-growth reforms in the U.S. The S&P 500, which trades at a near 20 per cent premium to its long-term average price-to-earnings multiple, suffered a sharp setback overnight as investor hopes of tax cuts faded after a tumultuous week at the White House. JPMorgan's global strategy team also recommended investors take some risk off the table as the bar for corporate earnings around the world to surprise again had moved higher. Comments(0)Add Comments JPMorgan sticks with S&P500 year-end target, warns of short-term hit from politics To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read James E Glassman of JPMorgan on why global markets are keeping calm JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London due to Brexit India’s outperformance testament to reforms: Brijen Puri, JPMorgan, India Bullish on three themes to invest in next 1 year: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan Dropbox said to secure $600 million credit line led by JPMorgan READ MORE ONwhite houseunited statesstockspremiumJPMorgan Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Join the all-rounder of insurance State Farm Insurance Learn More About the New Acura TLX & Find a Dealer Today Acura See The Insane $59 Million Estate Tom Cruise Is Selling LonnyMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Jenna Jameson's Net Worth Has Left Us Without Words Kiwi Report Top Luxury Sedan Cars of 2017. Don't Miss These Deals Luxury Sedans - Sponsored Ads Gal Gadot Style File: See Her Best Looks MSN The Egg-Shaped Item Your Beauty Kit Isn't Complete without Eos "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high Is the Weightage of BFSI Stocks in Nifty Justified? Bill to provide reservation to more communities Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Rs 1 lakh grows into Rs 7.22 lakh in 5 months: Did you own this stock? LIC to pay 40% more dividend, bonus in 2016-17 Modi-fied Indian markets enter $2-trillion elite club; experts see more fireworks ahead What is this Trump turmoil all about & why is it hurting markets Just 29, this Kanpur-based trader is making a killing on D-St; and how! More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSRH vs KKR|Deepika Padukone RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance UBM Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UBM Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Given “Neutral” Rating at Citigroup Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for UBM Plc (UBM) Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Renewi PLC (RWI) Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given a $16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) PT Set at $32.00 by Scotiabank Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Initiates Coverage on Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Given a $80.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Aurora Cannabis In (ACBFF) Given a $3.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for National Bank of Canada Raised by Cormark (NA) Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts Nova Measuring Instruments Ltd. (NVMI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Stock Rating Upgraded by Robert W. Baird SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG SunTrust Banks, Inc. Downgrades Forterra Inc (FRTA) to Hold Panmure Gordon Reiterates Buy Rating for Speedy Hire Plc (SDY) Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates “Buy” Rating for BTG plc (BTG) Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Trading Down 11.3% After Earnings Miss Sabre Corp (SABR) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Corecivic Inc (CXW) Trading Down 10.1% After Insider Selling JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for UBM Plc (UBM) May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet UBM Plc (LON:UBM)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Thursday. UBM has been the topic of several other reports. Peel Hunt restated an “add” rating and set a GBX 760 ($9.81) price objective on shares of UBM Plc in a report on Friday, May 5th. Canaccord Genuity raised their price objective on UBM Plc from GBX 750 ($9.68) to GBX 790 ($10.20) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Barclays PLC raised their price objective on UBM Plc from GBX 765 ($9.87) to GBX 795 ($10.26) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of UBM Plc in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Liberum Capital raised their price objective on UBM Plc from GBX 800 ($10.33) to GBX 840 ($10.84) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. UBM Plc presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 764.06 ($9.86). Shares of UBM Plc (LON:UBM) opened at 699.00 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 731.50 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 722.86. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.74 billion. UBM Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 529.41 and a 52-week high of GBX 777.50. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a GBX 16.60 ($0.21) dividend. This is a boost from UBM Plc’s previous dividend of $5.40. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.19%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for UBM Plc (UBM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-ubm-plc-ubm.html. About UBM Plc UBM plc is a business-to-business (B2B) event organizer. The Company’s segments include Events and Other Marketing Services. In total, the Company serves over 50 different communities. The Company operates in over 20 countries. Events segment provide face-to-face interaction in the form of exhibitions, tradeshows, conferences and other live events. Receive News & Ratings for UBM Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UBM Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RTL Group S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RTL Group S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nord/LB Analysts Give RTL Group S.A. (RTL) a €84.00 Price Target ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €17.20 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €34.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Berenberg Bank Reiterates €42.00 Price Target for Salzgitter AG (SZG) RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Axa SA (CS) Given a €25.20 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €37.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Victrex plc (VCT) PT Raised to GBX 2,000 Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Symantec Target of Unusually High Options Trading (SYMC) Traders Sell Zions Bancorp (ZION) on Strength Following Insider Selling Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Short Interest Up 17.7% in April Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Reaches New 52-Week High After Analyst Upgrade Forterra Inc (FRTA) Shares Down 12.9% Following Weak Earnings Cadinha & Co. LLC Takes Position in Vale SA (VALE) PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Stake Cut by Shufro Rose & Co. LLC RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of RTL Group S.A. (EBR:RTL) in a report issued on Friday morning. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley set a €80.00 ($87.91) price target on shares of RTL Group and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Nord/LB set a €84.00 ($92.31) price target on shares of RTL Group and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, May 12th. BNP Paribas set a €79.00 ($86.81) price target on shares of RTL Group and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €80.00 ($87.91) price target on shares of RTL Group and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €74.00 ($81.32) price target on shares of RTL Group and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €80.24 ($88.17). Shares of RTL Group (EBR:RTL) opened at 67.81 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of €10.41 billion and a PE ratio of 14.46. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €73.23 and a 200 day moving average of €70.75. RTL Group has a 12 month low of €63.50 and a 12 month high of €83.30. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/rtl-group-s-a-rtl-earns-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About RTL Group RTL Group SA is a Luxembourg-based media group engaged in the operation of television and radio broadcasting services, television content production and distribution. It is structured into six segments, including Media Group RTL Germany, Groupe MSix, FremantleMedia, RTL Netherlands, RTL Belgium and French Radio. Receive News & Ratings for RTL Group S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RTL Group S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nord/LB Analysts Give RTL Group S.A. (RTL) a €84.00 Price Target ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €17.20 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €34.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Berenberg Bank Reiterates €42.00 Price Target for Salzgitter AG (SZG) RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Axa SA (CS) Given a €25.20 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €37.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Victrex plc (VCT) PT Raised to GBX 2,000 Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Symantec Target of Unusually High Options Trading (SYMC) Traders Sell Zions Bancorp (ZION) on Strength Following Insider Selling Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Short Interest Up 17.7% in April Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Reaches New 52-Week High After Analyst Upgrade Forterra Inc (FRTA) Shares Down 12.9% Following Weak Earnings Cadinha & Co. LLC Takes Position in Vale SA (VALE) PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Stake Cut by Shufro Rose & Co. LLC ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €17.20 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €17.20 ($18.90) price target on ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) in a research report sent to investors on Friday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the company. Citigroup Inc set a €15.80 ($17.36) price target on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Barclays PLC set a €16.00 ($17.58) price target on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €15.50 ($17.03) price target on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €14.80 ($16.26) price target on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €15.00 ($16.48) price target on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. ING Groep NV presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €15.72 ($17.27). ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 14.99 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €14.60 and its 200 day moving average price is €13.71. The stock has a market capitalization of €59.08 billion and a PE ratio of 11.96. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €8.30 and a 1-year high of €15.88. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €17.20 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-a-17-20-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  News Analysis: Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion                Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo   Source: Xinhua | 2017-05-18 07:48:33 | Editor: huaxia Photo shows the New York Stock Exchange on May 17, 2017. (Xinhua) By Xinhua Writers Wang Wen, Sun Oumeng NEW YORK, May 17 (Xinhua) -- U.S. stocks closed sharply lower Wednesday with all three major indices recording their worst day so far this year due to the latest turmoil in Washington that triggered market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. "The market is responding to the probability that tax reform, infrastructure spending, healthcare reform and trade deals might not occur," Brendan Ahern, chief investment officer of Krane Funds Advisors, told Xinhua. The Dow Jones industrial average ended 372.82 points lower Wednesday, a steep fall driven mainly by share declines in Dow components Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Chase. Shares of Goldman Sachs dropped 5.27 percent to 213.72 U.S. dollars while J.P. Morgan Chase closed down 3.81 percent to 84.27 dollars. The broader S&P 500 dropped 43.64 points, or 1.82 percent, with financials tumbling more than three percent. The financial sector had been the best performer in what Wall Street called "Trump Rally," since President Donald Trump assumed office and promised large-scale deregulation and tax reform. The tech heavy Nasdaq declined 2.57 percent, or 158.63 points to 6,011.24. The index notched record close in two consecutive sessions on Monday and Tuesday. "The U.S. equity market rally has been driven by the pro-growth agenda proposed by the president and supported by the Republican majority in Congress," said Ahern, adding that the situation has changed. Analysts said the latest White House controversies have weighed on market sentiment and the market performance on Wednesday was a typical flight to safety as political turmoil triggered investor concerns. "Recent political distractions have the potential to derail the implementation of such policies that have helped support the rising U.S. stock market," Ahern said. The White House on Tuesday pushed back against a new wave of media allegations that Trump might have tried to obstruct justice by asking ex-FBI Director James Comey to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. "I hope you can let this go," Trump told Comey at the time, according to a New York Times report, quoting two people who read the memo Comey wrote shortly after meeting with Trump in the Oval Office one day after Flynn resigned over a Russia-related scandal in February. Investors have been shocked by the news and worried Trump's ability to deliver on business-friendly policies. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, jumped 46.38 percent to 15.59. Just a week earlier, the index hit 9.77, lowest in more than two decades. Analysts noted that it was the first time that markets have hinted at risk-off behavior in response to increased political risk in Washington. Talking about market outlook, some warned investors of possible downward trend. "Some of the technicals have turned negative, such as an apparently imminent bearish crossover on a six-month snapshot of the Moving Average Convergence Divergence. Relative strength also indicates a market closer to an 'overbought' condition than it is to neutral," Stephen Guilfoyle, president of Sarge986 LLC, wrote in a note. "Despite strong corporate earnings, U.S. equity market valuations are high compared to emerging market and European equities. Investors are apt to use U.S. weakness as opportunity to rebalance to less expensive markets," said Ahern. Market demand for safe-haven currencies soared on Wednesday, with Japanese yen rising over 1.8 percent against the dollar during the session. The U.S dollar decreased against most major currencies. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.61 percent at 97.506 in late trading. Gold futures on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose sharply on Wednesday. The most active gold contract for June delivery jumped 22.3 dollars, or 1.80 percent, to settle at 1,258.7 dollars per ounce. Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Back to Top Close Xinhuanet 首页 时政 国际 港澳 台湾 财经 法治 社会 纪检 体育 科技 军事 文娱 图片 视频 论坛 博客 微博 News Analysis: Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion Source: Xinhua 2017-05-18 07:48:33 Photo shows the New York Stock Exchange on May 17, 2017. (Xinhua) By Xinhua Writers Wang Wen, Sun Oumeng NEW YORK, May 17 (Xinhua) -- U.S. stocks closed sharply lower Wednesday with all three major indices recording their worst day so far this year due to the latest turmoil in Washington that triggered market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. "The market is responding to the probability that tax reform, infrastructure spending, healthcare reform and trade deals might not occur," Brendan Ahern, chief investment officer of Krane Funds Advisors, told Xinhua. The Dow Jones industrial average ended 372.82 points lower Wednesday, a steep fall driven mainly by share declines in Dow components Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Chase. Shares of Goldman Sachs dropped 5.27 percent to 213.72 U.S. dollars while J.P. Morgan Chase closed down 3.81 percent to 84.27 dollars. The broader S&P 500 dropped 43.64 points, or 1.82 percent, with financials tumbling more than three percent. The financial sector had been the best performer in what Wall Street called "Trump Rally," since President Donald Trump assumed office and promised large-scale deregulation and tax reform. The tech heavy Nasdaq declined 2.57 percent, or 158.63 points to 6,011.24. The index notched record close in two consecutive sessions on Monday and Tuesday. "The U.S. equity market rally has been driven by the pro-growth agenda proposed by the president and supported by the Republican majority in Congress," said Ahern, adding that the situation has changed. Analysts said the latest White House controversies have weighed on market sentiment and the market performance on Wednesday was a typical flight to safety as political turmoil triggered investor concerns. "Recent political distractions have the potential to derail the implementation of such policies that have helped support the rising U.S. stock market," Ahern said. The White House on Tuesday pushed back against a new wave of media allegations that Trump might have tried to obstruct justice by asking ex-FBI Director James Comey to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. "I hope you can let this go," Trump told Comey at the time, according to a New York Times report, quoting two people who read the memo Comey wrote shortly after meeting with Trump in the Oval Office one day after Flynn resigned over a Russia-related scandal in February. Investors have been shocked by the news and worried Trump's ability to deliver on business-friendly policies. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, jumped 46.38 percent to 15.59. Just a week earlier, the index hit 9.77, lowest in more than two decades. Analysts noted that it was the first time that markets have hinted at risk-off behavior in response to increased political risk in Washington. Talking about market outlook, some warned investors of possible downward trend. "Some of the technicals have turned negative, such as an apparently imminent bearish crossover on a six-month snapshot of the Moving Average Convergence Divergence. Relative strength also indicates a market closer to an 'overbought' condition than it is to neutral," Stephen Guilfoyle, president of Sarge986 LLC, wrote in a note. "Despite strong corporate earnings, U.S. equity market valuations are high compared to emerging market and European equities. Investors are apt to use U.S. weakness as opportunity to rebalance to less expensive markets," said Ahern. Market demand for safe-haven currencies soared on Wednesday, with Japanese yen rising over 1.8 percent against the dollar during the session. The U.S dollar decreased against most major currencies. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.61 percent at 97.506 in late trading. Gold futures on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose sharply on Wednesday. The most active gold contract for June delivery jumped 22.3 dollars, or 1.80 percent, to settle at 1,258.7 dollars per ounce. [Editor: huaxia ] Xinhua Weibo Facebook Twitter Reddit Diigo Delicious Digg Linkedin MySpace Sina Weibo Kaixin Renren Q-zone Tencent Weibo Sohu Weibo NetEase Weibo Copyright © 2000 - 2016 XINHUANET.com All Rights Reserved. 010020070750000000000000011100001362935101
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Commercial Property Friday 19 May 2017 Brexit sees Nama housing site sale called into question The "binding constraint" for Dublin is its infrastructure rather than the supply of qualified people Ronald Quinlan Email May 18 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Brexit sees Nama housing site sale called into question Independent.ie A warning from one of JP Morgan's most senior executives that the housing crisis is acting as part of "the binding constraint" in Dublin's bid to attract businesses seeking to relocate from the UK in the wake of Brexit has thrown Nama's decision to sell development land in the capital and its commuter counties into stark relief. http://www.independent.ie/business/commercial-property/brexit-sees-nama-housing-site-sale-called-into-question-35726568.html http://www.independent.ie/business/article35726567.ece/aeff8/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-05-18_bus_31249310_I1.JPG Email A warning from one of JP Morgan's most senior executives that the housing crisis is acting as part of "the binding constraint" in Dublin's bid to attract businesses seeking to relocate from the UK in the wake of Brexit has thrown Nama's decision to sell development land in the capital and its commuter counties into stark relief. While James Kenny, JP Morgan's head of investor services, confirmed the US banking giant's plans to hire a "significant" number of people in Dublin in an interview with the Financial Times last weekend, he expressed his concerns in relation to the capacity of the city's infrastructure to cope. "The binding constraint in Ireland isn't really around the supply of qualified people; it's around infrastructure - the infrastructure in the city, the supply of housing...the capacity in the school system, the domestic transport infrastructure," he said. With much of the commentary in relation to the housing crisis referring to the alleged land hoarding being engaged in by developers and speculators, Nama's decision from 2014 onwards to dispose of vast swathes of development land in Dublin and other areas where the housing shortage is at its most acute has largely gone unremarked upon. In a presentation delivered to a housing forum convened by the then environment minister Alan Kelly in April of last year, Nama's head of public affairs, Martin Whelan, had sought to defend the agency against allegations that it was hoarding land in the areas where housing was needed most. In doing so, Mr Whelan revealed that Nama had sold land with the potential to deliver 20,500 new homes in Dublin, its commuter counties, and the country's other major cities since 2014. Asked at the time for a detailed breakdown of the sites' location, a spokesman for Nama said:"Approximately 9,000 of the potential new residential units are in Dublin, 7,000 are in the neighbouring counties of Wicklow, Kildare, Meath and Louth, 3,000 are in Cork, and the remainder are in the other major urban centres, including Waterford, Limerick and Galway." The spokesman added that of the 20,500 sites sold, 1,100 were either being built or under construction by their new owners. 900 of the 1,100 units were located in Dublin while the remaining 200 were in Kildare. Asked last week for an update on the residential development sites Nama had sold in the year since Mr Whelan's presentation, the agency's spokesman said the figures would be included in Nama's annual report which is due to be published shortly. While Nama argues that one "major site" it had disposed of in south Dublin required infrastructural investment amounting to "tens of millions of euro" before its 3,000 homes could be delivered, the fact that the vast bulk of the development lands it has sold since 2014 have yet to have been built on saw its disposal strategy come in for criticism yesterday from developer Michael O'Flynn. He said: "Nama sold land to people who either overpaid for it or who are not interested in developing it for now. But that's their right as purchasers. People who buy land don't have to develop it. People can do what they like with land when they buy it. Unfortunately, Nama didn't sell land with a development clause, which is what a lot of land in public ownership should be sold with. Because they didn't do that, a lot of the land sold to investor funds isn't being developed." Mr O'Flynn, who first warned of the looming housing crisis in 2012, described the comments of JP Morgan's head of investor services, James Kenny, on the housing crisis as "highly relevant." He said: "We now have a situation where jobs and the potential for job creation is being affected by the lack of available supply of housing". Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Question mark over €40m St Stephen's Green hotel plan  Gordon Deegan PLANS for a controversial €40m plan to convert Loreto Hall, a former 'young ladies' hostel on St Stephen's Green, into a luxury hotel have been thrown into doubt after an appeal was lodged over approval. David Daly: 140 Pembroke Road a 'logical' move in D4  Ronald Quinlan David Daly has returned to the fray of the Ballsbridge office market with a bespoke office offering at 140 Pembroke Road. Flexible office space has capacity to expand and meet demand instantly  Paul McNeive Traditionally regarded as a tertiary sector, serviced offices has rapidly developed into an important part of the property market and the economy. Now also known as 'flexible offices' and 'co-working', the... Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Question mark over €40m St Stephen's Green hotel plan  Commercial Property Brexit sees Nama housing site sale called into question  Commercial Property RTE site bids see return of boom-era land values  Commercial Property Goldman Sachs report says Swedish and New Zealand house markets most at...  Commercial Property Flexible office space has capacity to expand and meet demand instantly  Commercial Property Baby starved to death after parents insisted on feeding him a gluten-free diet  Europe 'I am unlucky' - Woman sues after slipping and falling on a chip in Dublin shopping centre  Courts WATCH: Mayo is making movies, and its first release is mouthwatering  Ireland WATCH: Chris Cornell's cover of 'Nothing Compares To You' proves he was one of the...  Music WATCH: What happens when a 1998 and a 2015 Toyota Corolla dramatically...  World News Video Gay and Lesbian Equality Network to close after recent controversy Varadkar supported by at least five Cabinet Ministers, including Paschal Donohoe Michael Noonan to step down as Finance Minister - and won't run again for Dail Confirmed: Conor McGregor signs 'record breaking deal' to fight Floyd Mayweather Promoted articles Also in Business Question mark over €40m St Stephen's Green hotel plan PLANS for a controversial €40m plan to convert Loreto Hall, a former... Brexit sees Nama housing site sale called into question A warning from one of JP Morgan's most senior executives that the housing... David Daly: 140 Pembroke Road a 'logical' move in D4 David Daly has returned to the fray of the Ballsbridge office market... Flexible office space has capacity to expand and meet demand instantly Traditionally regarded as a tertiary sector,... RTE site bids see return of boom-era land values Bidders have been whittled down in the competition for the RTE site in... €450k to secure a spot in Foxrock Developers and potential owner occupiers are expected to flock towards... €1.25m for 18 acres with mixed-use potential in Swords Agents CBRE are guiding in excess of €1.25m for a 7.28 hectare (18 acres)... Blackstone sees end of property's 'great run' in sight Blackstone Group LP, the world's biggest private equity fund, told investors to dial back... Barrett's Galway plan sees objection Developer Gerry Barrett's ambitious €100m plan to create a new 'urban quarter' at... Developer planning to build 500 apartments on 'coveted' RTÉ site An Irish developer intends to construct... VIDEO: Project Hope's Richard Carson Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change and an eye on €300,000 in... VIDEO: Dragons' Den-style bootcamp - 'The Grow Dome Project' Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: Cooking up Change's Aisling Kirwan has brought her 'Cook. Eat. Share' to the... Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: 'Impact of Brexit on Irish companies already started' Irish export growth to the UK was down... VIDEO: Cyber attack hit 200,000 victims across 150 countries, says Europol... The threat from the cyber attack that crippled... VIDEO: Balmoral Show Echo the heifer becomes unlikely moo-vie star A Co Down heifer has become an unlikely social... VIDEO: Balmoral set to pull in a record 100,000 visitors Visitor numbers at the Balmoral Show are expected to crack the 100,000 mark... VIDEO - EU negotiator Michel Barnier: Initial Brexit focus will be on Ireland, the... Michel Barnier speaks at the European... WATCH: Our novice 'beautician' tries the beauty product Irish women are waxing lyrical about VIDEO: Former Coca Cola CEO shares his motto for success Co Down millionaire Neville Isdell may have left the country for Zambia when he... Social Entrepreneurs Ireland Bootcamp 2017 In pictures: All Ireland Marketing Awards 2017 See stunning pictures of silage work beside Newgrange Stunning pictures taken last week Newgrange Farm, Slane Co Meath show silage being... In Pictures: Dublin Data Sec 2017 Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Politics Ian McKellen, Gabriel Byrne to star in 'Hamlet Revenant' Business Standard Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion IANS  |  Washington  May 18, 2017 Last Updated at 05:44 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkStJ ALSO READ Asia Pacific Market: Stocks lacklustre ahead of Trump press conference Asia Pacific Market: Stocks mixed ahead of key events Asia Pacific Market: Stocks falter on Trump French election spurs equity market, euro rally Foreign fund movement to steer the equity markets (Market Outlook) US stocks closed sharply lower on Wednesday due to the market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. "The market is responding to the probability that tax reform, infrastructure spending, healthcare reform and trade deals might not occur," Xinhua quoted Brendan Ahern, Chief Investment Officer of Krane Funds Advisors, as saying. The Dow Jones industrial average ended 372.82 points lower, a steep fall driven mainly by share declines in Dow components Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Chase. Shares of Goldman Sachs dropped 5.27 per cent to $213.72 while J.P. Morgan Chase closed down 3.81 per cent to $84.27. The broader S&P 500 dropped 43.64 points, or 1.82 per cent, with financials tumbling more than three per cent. The financial sector had been the best performer in what Wall Street called "Trump Rally," since Trump assumed office and promised large-scale deregulation and tax reform. The tech heavy Nasdaq declined 2.57 per cent, or 158.63 points to 6,011.24. The index notched record close in two consecutive sessions on Monday and Tuesday. "The US equity market rally has been driven by the pro-growth agenda proposed by the president and supported by the Republican majority in Congress," said Ahern, adding that the situation has changed. Analysts said the latest White House controversies have weighed on market sentiment and the market performance on Wednesday was a typical flight to safety as political turmoil triggered investor concerns. "Recent political distractions have the potential to derail the implementation of such policies that have helped support the rising US stock market," Ahern said. The White House pushed back against a new wave of media allegations that Trump might have tried to obstruct justice by asking ex-FBI Director James Comey to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. "I hope you can let this go," Trump told Comey at the time, according to a New York Times report, quoting two people who read the memo Comey wrote shortly after meeting with Trump in the Oval Office one day after Flynn resigned over a Russia-related scandal in February. Investors have been shocked by the news and worried Trump's ability to deliver on business-friendly policies. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, jumped 46.38 per cent to 15.59. Just a week earlier, the index hit 9.77, lowest in more than two decades. Analysts noted that it was the first time that markets have hinted at risk-off behaviour in response to increased political risk in Washington. Talking about market outlook, some warned investors of possible downward trend. "Some of the technicals have turned negative, such as an apparently imminent bearish crossover on a six-month snapshot of the Moving Average Convergence Divergence. Relative strength also indicates a market closer to an 'overbought' condition than it is to neutral," Stephen Guilfoyle, president of Sarge986 LLC, wrote in a note. "Despite strong corporate earnings, U.S. equity market valuations are high compared to emerging market and European equities. Investors are apt to use U.S. weakness as opportunity to rebalance to less expensive markets," said Ahern. Market demand for safe-haven currencies soared on Wednesday, with Japanese yen rising over 1.8 per cent against the dollar during the session. The US dollar decreased against most major currencies. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.61 per cent at 97.506 in late trading. Gold futures on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose sharply. The most active gold contract for June delivery jumped $22.3, or 1.80 per cent, to settle at $1,258.7 per ounce. --IANS qd/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Equity Market | Stock Market | News-ians | Politics PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion US stocks closed sharply lower on Wednesday due to the market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. US stocks closed sharply lower on Wednesday due to the market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. "The market is responding to the probability that tax reform, infrastructure spending, healthcare reform and trade deals might not occur," Xinhua quoted Brendan Ahern, Chief Investment Officer of Krane Funds Advisors, as saying. The Dow Jones industrial average ended 372.82 points lower, a steep fall driven mainly by share declines in Dow components Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Chase. Shares of Goldman Sachs dropped 5.27 per cent to $213.72 while J.P. Morgan Chase closed down 3.81 per cent to $84.27. The broader S&P 500 dropped 43.64 points, or 1.82 per cent, with financials tumbling more than three per cent. The financial sector had been the best performer in what Wall Street called "Trump Rally," since Trump assumed office and promised large-scale deregulation and tax reform. The tech heavy Nasdaq declined 2.57 per cent, or 158.63 points to 6,011.24. The index notched record close in two consecutive sessions on Monday and Tuesday. "The US equity market rally has been driven by the pro-growth agenda proposed by the president and supported by the Republican majority in Congress," said Ahern, adding that the situation has changed. Analysts said the latest White House controversies have weighed on market sentiment and the market performance on Wednesday was a typical flight to safety as political turmoil triggered investor concerns. "Recent political distractions have the potential to derail the implementation of such policies that have helped support the rising US stock market," Ahern said. The White House pushed back against a new wave of media allegations that Trump might have tried to obstruct justice by asking ex-FBI Director James Comey to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. "I hope you can let this go," Trump told Comey at the time, according to a New York Times report, quoting two people who read the memo Comey wrote shortly after meeting with Trump in the Oval Office one day after Flynn resigned over a Russia-related scandal in February. Investors have been shocked by the news and worried Trump's ability to deliver on business-friendly policies. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, jumped 46.38 per cent to 15.59. Just a week earlier, the index hit 9.77, lowest in more than two decades. Analysts noted that it was the first time that markets have hinted at risk-off behaviour in response to increased political risk in Washington. Talking about market outlook, some warned investors of possible downward trend. "Some of the technicals have turned negative, such as an apparently imminent bearish crossover on a six-month snapshot of the Moving Average Convergence Divergence. Relative strength also indicates a market closer to an 'overbought' condition than it is to neutral," Stephen Guilfoyle, president of Sarge986 LLC, wrote in a note. "Despite strong corporate earnings, U.S. equity market valuations are high compared to emerging market and European equities. Investors are apt to use U.S. weakness as opportunity to rebalance to less expensive markets," said Ahern. Market demand for safe-haven currencies soared on Wednesday, with Japanese yen rising over 1.8 per cent against the dollar during the session. The US dollar decreased against most major currencies. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.61 per cent at 97.506 in late trading. Gold futures on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose sharply. The most active gold contract for June delivery jumped $22.3, or 1.80 per cent, to settle at $1,258.7 per ounce. --IANS qd/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion US stocks closed sharply lower on Wednesday due to the market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. "The market is responding to the probability that tax reform, infrastructure spending, healthcare reform and trade deals might not occur," Xinhua quoted Brendan Ahern, Chief Investment Officer of Krane Funds Advisors, as saying. The Dow Jones industrial average ended 372.82 points lower, a steep fall driven mainly by share declines in Dow components Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Chase. Shares of Goldman Sachs dropped 5.27 per cent to $213.72 while J.P. Morgan Chase closed down 3.81 per cent to $84.27. The broader S&P 500 dropped 43.64 points, or 1.82 per cent, with financials tumbling more than three per cent. The financial sector had been the best performer in what Wall Street called "Trump Rally," since Trump assumed office and promised large-scale deregulation and tax reform. The tech heavy Nasdaq declined 2.57 per cent, or 158.63 points to 6,011.24. The index notched record close in two consecutive sessions on Monday and Tuesday. "The US equity market rally has been driven by the pro-growth agenda proposed by the president and supported by the Republican majority in Congress," said Ahern, adding that the situation has changed. Analysts said the latest White House controversies have weighed on market sentiment and the market performance on Wednesday was a typical flight to safety as political turmoil triggered investor concerns. "Recent political distractions have the potential to derail the implementation of such policies that have helped support the rising US stock market," Ahern said. The White House pushed back against a new wave of media allegations that Trump might have tried to obstruct justice by asking ex-FBI Director James Comey to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. "I hope you can let this go," Trump told Comey at the time, according to a New York Times report, quoting two people who read the memo Comey wrote shortly after meeting with Trump in the Oval Office one day after Flynn resigned over a Russia-related scandal in February. Investors have been shocked by the news and worried Trump's ability to deliver on business-friendly policies. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, jumped 46.38 per cent to 15.59. Just a week earlier, the index hit 9.77, lowest in more than two decades. Analysts noted that it was the first time that markets have hinted at risk-off behaviour in response to increased political risk in Washington. Talking about market outlook, some warned investors of possible downward trend. "Some of the technicals have turned negative, such as an apparently imminent bearish crossover on a six-month snapshot of the Moving Average Convergence Divergence. Relative strength also indicates a market closer to an 'overbought' condition than it is to neutral," Stephen Guilfoyle, president of Sarge986 LLC, wrote in a note. "Despite strong corporate earnings, U.S. equity market valuations are high compared to emerging market and European equities. Investors are apt to use U.S. weakness as opportunity to rebalance to less expensive markets," said Ahern. Market demand for safe-haven currencies soared on Wednesday, with Japanese yen rising over 1.8 per cent against the dollar during the session. The US dollar decreased against most major currencies. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.61 per cent at 97.506 in late trading. Gold futures on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose sharply. The most active gold contract for June delivery jumped $22.3, or 1.80 per cent, to settle at $1,258.7 per ounce. --IANS qd/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion Stocks sink as Trump worries trigger risk aversion Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 18, 2017 06:00 hrs Washington, May 18 (IANS) US stocks closed sharply lower on Wednesday due to the market concerns on whether the Trump administration could continue to push its economic reform agenda. "The market is responding to the probability that tax reform, infrastructure spending, healthcare reform and trade deals might not occur," Xinhua quoted Brendan Ahern, Chief Investment Officer of Krane Funds Advisors, as saying. The Dow Jones industrial average ended 372.82 points lower, a steep fall driven mainly by share declines in Dow components Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Chase. Shares of Goldman Sachs dropped 5.27 per cent to $213.72 while J.P. Morgan Chase closed down 3.81 per cent to $84.27. The broader S&P 500 dropped 43.64 points, or 1.82 per cent, with financials tumbling more than three per cent. The financial sector had been the best performer in what Wall Street called "Trump Rally," since Trump assumed office and promised large-scale deregulation and tax reform. The tech heavy Nasdaq declined 2.57 per cent, or 158.63 points to 6,011.24. The index notched record close in two consecutive sessions on Monday and Tuesday. "The US equity market rally has been driven by the pro-growth agenda proposed by the president and supported by the Republican majority in Congress," said Ahern, adding that the situation has changed. Analysts said the latest White House controversies have weighed on market sentiment and the market performance on Wednesday was a typical flight to safety as political turmoil triggered investor concerns. "Recent political distractions have the potential to derail the implementation of such policies that have helped support the rising US stock market," Ahern said. The White House pushed back against a new wave of media allegations that Trump might have tried to obstruct justice by asking ex-FBI Director James Comey to end a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. "I hope you can let this go," Trump told Comey at the time, according to a New York Times report, quoting two people who read the memo Comey wrote shortly after meeting with Trump in the Oval Office one day after Flynn resigned over a Russia-related scandal in February. Investors have been shocked by the news and worried Trump's ability to deliver on business-friendly policies. The CBOE Volatility Index, widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, jumped 46.38 per cent to 15.59. Just a week earlier, the index hit 9.77, lowest in more than two decades. Analysts noted that it was the first time that markets have hinted at risk-off behaviour in response to increased political risk in Washington. Talking about market outlook, some warned investors of possible downward trend. "Some of the technicals have turned negative, such as an apparently imminent bearish crossover on a six-month snapshot of the Moving Average Convergence Divergence. Relative strength also indicates a market closer to an 'overbought' condition than it is to neutral," Stephen Guilfoyle, president of Sarge986 LLC, wrote in a note. "Despite strong corporate earnings, U.S. equity market valuations are high compared to emerging market and European equities. Investors are apt to use U.S. weakness as opportunity to rebalance to less expensive markets," said Ahern. Market demand for safe-haven currencies soared on Wednesday, with Japanese yen rising over 1.8 per cent against the dollar during the session. The US dollar decreased against most major currencies. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.61 per cent at 97.506 in late trading. Gold futures on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange rose sharply. The most active gold contract for June delivery jumped $22.3, or 1.80 per cent, to settle at $1,258.7 per ounce. --IANS qd/ SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features In Pictures: Modi In Lanka Soldiers vs Stone Pelters Pakistan's betrayal hurts 56" Pakistan's BAT! Supreme Court vs Justice Karnan About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mortice Limited (MORT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at FinnCap Citigroup Inc Reiterates Neutral Rating for John Wood Group PLC (WG) BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Patheon NV (PTHN) TransCanada Co. (TRP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by CIBC TMAC Resources Inc (TMR) PT Lowered to C$19.00 at TD Securities TD Securities Boosts TransCanada Co. (TRP) Price Target to C$77.00 RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust (REI.UN) PT Lowered to C$29.00 at Royal Bank of Canada The Valspar Corp (VAL) Stake Reduced by Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund Has $2.209 Million Position in GGP Inc (GGP) Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Position Reduced by Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund Lowers Stake in W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Private Advisor Group LLC Raises Stake in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Private Advisor Group LLC Acquires 297 Shares of New Jersey Resources Corp (NJR) Private Advisor Group LLC Cuts Stake in iRobot Co. (IRBT) Delta Lloyd NV Has $2.812 Million Stake in Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Delta Lloyd NV Invests $1.365 Million in CubeSmart (CUBE) Delta Lloyd NV Boosts Position in Apartment Investment and Management Co (AIV) Delta Lloyd NV Has $1,921,000 Position in Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Delta Lloyd NV Continues to Hold Position in Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc reissued their buy rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) in a report released on Monday. Several other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on BLT. HSBC Holdings plc raised their target price on shares of BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,200 ($15.49) to GBX 1,550 ($20.01) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Macquarie restated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 1,670 ($21.56) target price on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 1,550 ($20.01) target price on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 1,265 ($16.33) target price on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Liberum Capital restated a sell rating and issued a GBX 730 ($9.42) target price on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,310 ($16.91). BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) opened at 1194.50 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,211.46 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,305.23. BHP Billiton plc has a 1-year low of GBX 786.40 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,518.50. The stock’s market cap is GBX 63.57 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/bhp-billiton-plc-blt-given-buy-rating-at-citigroup-inc.html. BHP Billiton plc Company Profile BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Flexion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flexion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Jolley Asset Management LLC Has $112,000 Position in BB&T Co. (BBT) Insider Buying: Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Insider Purchases 45,000 Shares of Stock Bearing Lithium Corp (BRZ) Insider Robert Andrew Best Acquires 129,500 Shares Lloyd P. Johnston Sells 13,205 Shares of Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Stock Neil Bodick Sells 5,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Cree, Inc. (CREE) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Short Interest in Orthofix International NV (OFIX) Drops By 8.1% Rogers Communications (RCI) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Brokerages Set Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) PT at $8.50 Cooke & Bieler LP Has $5.447 Million Position in Torchmark Co. (TMK) Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Announces Earnings Results Altagas Ltd (ALA) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Global Payments Inc (GPN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.10 EPS Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Position Maintained by Telemus Capital LLC HP Inc (HPQ) Position Decreased by Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $67.87 Million $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) This Quarter Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.24 Per Share Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Has $800,000 Position in Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Neil Bodick Sells 5,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock May 18th, 2017 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Flexion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:FLXN) insider Neil Bodick sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.23, for a total value of $141,150.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 46,137 shares in the company, valued at $1,302,447.51. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Neil Bodick also recently made the following trade(s): Get Flexion Therapeutics Inc alerts: On Friday, March 17th, Neil Bodick sold 5,000 shares of Flexion Therapeutics stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.41, for a total value of $102,050.00. On Friday, February 24th, Neil Bodick sold 5,000 shares of Flexion Therapeutics stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.15, for a total value of $95,750.00. On Friday, January 20th, Neil Bodick sold 5,000 shares of Flexion Therapeutics stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.35, for a total value of $91,750.00. Flexion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:FLXN) traded up 0.17% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $17.44. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 763,542 shares. The company’s market cap is $553.84 million. Flexion Therapeutics Inc has a 12-month low of $9.60 and a 12-month high of $29.41. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $23.20 and its 200-day moving average is $20.53. Flexion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FLXN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.75) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.73) by $0.02. Equities analysts anticipate that Flexion Therapeutics Inc will post ($3.72) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/18/flexion-therapeutics-inc-flxn-insider-neil-bodick-sells-5000-shares-of-stock-2-updated-updated-updated.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in FLXN. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Flexion Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $271,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Flexion Therapeutics during the third quarter worth about $14,126,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Flexion Therapeutics by 2.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,631,323 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $31,876,000 after buying an additional 37,297 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Flexion Therapeutics by 6.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 119,050 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,326,000 after buying an additional 7,075 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new stake in Flexion Therapeutics during the third quarter worth about $620,000. 62.25% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of research firms have recently weighed in on FLXN. Royal Bank of Canada set a $44.00 price objective on Flexion Therapeutics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, March 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised Flexion Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $40.00 price objective on Flexion Therapeutics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of Flexion Therapeutics in a report on Saturday, March 11th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $29.23. Flexion Therapeutics Company Profile Flexion Therapeutics, Inc is a United States-based specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of local therapies for the treatment of patients with musculoskeletal conditions, beginning with osteoarthritis (OA), a type of degenerative arthritis. The Company’s lead product candidate, Zilretta, is a late-stage, injectable, extended-release, intra-articular (IA) investigational steroid. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Flexion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flexion Therapeutics Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Howes: In global pullback, GM moves because it has to Tech’s fluid and fast-moving business models are reshaping investor perceptions and driving expectations for growth and innovation — a high bar for the low-margin auto industry to meet, if it can at all. That reordering is exerting relentless pressure on Detroit’s century-old automakers to rationalize. Post to Facebook Howes: In global pullback, GM moves because it has to Tech’s fluid and fast-moving business models are reshaping investor perceptions and driving expectations for growth and innovation — a high bar for the low-margin auto industry to meet, if it can at all. That reordering is exerting relentless pressure on Detroit’s century-old automakers to rationalize.  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2qzbGib {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Howes: In global pullback, GM moves because it has to Daniel Howes, The Detroit News 10:49 p.m. ET May 18, 2017 Mary Barra, Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of the General Motors and Dan Ammann, President, General Motors, right, pose for photos before GM shows of the all new GMC Terrain Sunday, January 8, 2017 at the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit in midtown. (Photo: Bryan Mitchell / Special to Detroit News) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Whoever thought the words “General Motors” and “moves quickly” could never be uttered in the same sentence probably didn’t anticipate CEO Mary Barra. Under her leadership, Detroit’s No. 1 automaker is moving quickly to redefine its global automotive footprint, to boost its margins, to redeploy precious capital to high-profit pickups, SUVs and their flip side: the steadily evolving autonomy-and-mobility space. Her moves to stop selling cars in India and to off-load GM’s South Africa operations to Isuzu Motors Ltd., announced Thursday, are two more examples of a continuing global pullback that shows the automaker is deadly serious about fattening profits and focusing finite automotive capital where it can generate the best return and better ensure its future. Old GM it ain’t. This is not your father’s auto industry anymore, either. The industrial hegemony atop the nation’s most valuable companies has been displaced by leading tech and financial heavyweights like Apple and Google parent Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com and Facebook, Microsoft and JP Morgan Chase. They are now America’s most highly valued companies, not the likes of GM and Ford Motor Co. or their industrial peers. Tech’s fluid and fast-moving business models are reshaping investor perceptions and driving expectations for growth and innovation — a high bar for the low-margin auto industry to meet, if it can at all. That reordering, complete with the fat margins and growth prospects to go with it, is exerting relentless pressure on Detroit’s century-old automakers to rationalize, to exit businesses offering meager profit expansion, to make smart plays in autonomy and mobility lest its high-tech nemeses get there first. This is a race, and right now GM is outpacing Ford. Barra’s decisiveness is drawing a distinct contrast to Ford’s apparent indecision. Ford’s move to offer 1,400 salaried buyouts in North America and Asia evinces a more cautious response to investors demanding to see a clearer path to sustained growth. GM’s electric Chevrolet Bolt is in showrooms; Ford’s answer is not expected to debut until 2020. GM is exiting such marginally profitable markets as India; Ford continues to study its presence there, where the Blue Oval’s global “One Ford” products have been deemed wrong for a market that mostly cannot afford them. Neither GM nor Ford have summoned the courage to mimic Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV and exit small cars in the United States. But Ford is giving the segment a hard look, despite back pressure from internal constituencies and dealers, in an increasingly urgent bid to answer two questions: where to play, and how to win? The upshot: America’s two largest mass-market automakers are fast approaching the point where they will cease being all things to all people, chiefly because the slim returns don’t justify the outsized expense. And, second, because looming autonomy, mobility and electrification plays represent more competition for finite resources, not less. Barra and President Dan Ammann aren’t just talking about strategic realignment. They’re doing it, adding two more markets to a lengthening list that includes exiting Russia and the rest of Europe, ending production in Australia and Indonesia, and leaving battered operations in Venezuela. They don’t have much choice: Detroit’s automakers, as well as its foreign-owned rivals, are negotiating a fraught transition from the century-old auto industry they know into a broader transportation ecosystem they’re learning by doing. Its new technologies and new competitors, many deeply rooted in Silicon Valley, are forcing the companies that put America on wheels to overhaul their business — or risk being left behind by markets of consumers, investors or both. Shares of GM are stuck in neutral, and shares in Ford are down 40 percent since CEO Mark Fields succeeded Alan Mulally in July 2014. No more can Detroit’s automakers be pension and health-care providers first and vehicle sellers second. No more can they pay workers not to work or reward executives for under-performing. Not for long can they keep playing in markets with the wrong products at the wrong price and call it success. History can be cruel. Detroit’s legacy of capital destruction and cyclical busts continues to weigh on the ability of GM, Ford and FCA to gain traction with investors. That and the fact that seven-plus years into their revival, all three are more dependent than ever on the truck and SUV sales customers want but investors don’t value so much. That’s the industry’s conundrum. It may not be fair, but it’s real. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN, listen to his Saturday podcasts, or catch him 3 and 10 p.m. Thursdays on Michigan Radio’s “Stateside,” 91.7 FM. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2qzbGib TOP VIDEOS Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47 Ken Lingenfelter on his astounding car collection 2:30 IRS agent warns of tax scams 3:28 GM cars hoisted up to the Comerica Park fountain 0:50 Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Microsoft Amazon Echo gets touch screen, video calling Anick Jesdanun Bonus column: Martha Stewart FCC chief lays out attack on ‘net neutrality’ rules Tali Arbel Associated Press Column: Health care fixes miss the mark Tom Valenti Microsoft: Users are protected from alleged NSA malware Raphael Satter New leak suggests NSA penetrated Mideast banking networks Associated Press
Search Friday, May 19, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Big banks wouldn't want GOP offer for fewer rules, CBO finds by Joseph Lawler | May 18, 2017, 7:36 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The eight biggest banks would have to raise too much capital and wouldn't get them out of international rules, the Congressional Budget Office said. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File) Megabanks would not be interested in the deal that House Republicans are offering them, Congress' in-house budget experts concluded in a report issued Thursday evening. House Republicans have advanced a bill, the Financial Choice Act, that would offer banks the option to get out of many of the new rules implemented in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis on the condition that they maintained a much higher level of capital. The premise behind the legislation, which the Financial Services Committee advanced earlier this month, is that if you required bank owners to have more skin in the game and to rely less on borrowed money, market discipline would improve, making regulations unncessary. For the biggest eight U.S. banks, though, that option would not be appealing, the Congressional Budget Office determined in its cost estimate for the bill published Thursday. Doing so would require them to raise too much capital and wouldn't get them out of international rules, the office argued. Those eight banks – Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, Bank of New York Mellon, Morgan Stanley and State Street — are the ones that have been identified by regulators as "globally systemically important banks," meaning that their failure would threaten to bring down the financial system, making them effectively "too big to fail." In other words, the biggest U.S. banks likely would not get relief from the new banking rules in the legislation. In the budget office's estimation, most of the banks that would opt for the higher capital requirement would be small community banks. Democrats have sought to portray the legislation as a giveaway to big banks and a return to pre-crisis levels of risk. House Republicans, however, have argued that Wall Street does not like the bill. Although big banks wouldn't get the regulatory relief that comes with maintaining the higher capital level, they still would benefit from a significant amount of rule-cutting if the sweeping legislative package were to pass. The bill would undo the "Volcker Rule" that prevents banks from speculating with insured deposits, crimp the powers of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, institute a range of limitations on regulatory agencies, and much more. While the Choice Act is expected eventually to clear the full House, representatives do not expect it to be taken up as a whole in the Senate, where Democrats could block it with a filibuster. Thursday's budget estimate also suggested that the bill would save the federal government $24 billion over 10 years, mostly by eliminating the government authority for taking over a failing megabank. Taking away that power would save money, on paper, because the government wouldn't be on the hook in the case of a major bank failure. House Republicans CBO Dodd Frank Economy Joseph Lawler Finance and Banking Congress News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 5 hours ago No, Trump didn't talk about burgers during his Coast Guard speech 7 hours ago Bill O'Reilly: 'Hatred' killed Roger Ailes 8 hours ago Video: Turkish president watched attack on D.C. protesters 9 hours ago Could the military buy its guns online in the future? 9 hours ago Secret Service officer who sexted with minors gets 20 years in prison 10 hours ago Trump reacts to appointment of special counsel: 'There was no collusion' 10 hours ago Shepard Smith tears up over 'complicated' relationship with Roger Ailes 11 hours ago Trump 'very close' to choosing new FBI director 12 hours ago Rex Tillerson and John Kelly: US responsible for Mexican drug violence 13 hours ago Chelsea Manning releases photo on Instagram after being released from prison 14 hours ago Trump 2020 raises record $314,000 in just one day 14 hours ago Do Americans really care about Trump, Russia and James Comey? 15 hours ago Maria Cantwell: Interior nominee David Bernhardt won't be accused of being a vegetarian 15 hours ago California professor bans college Republicans from Women's History Month events 16 hours ago Chuck Schumer: Rod Rosenstein revelations should be made public 16 hours ago Sean Spicer may not do daily, on-camera briefings anymore: Report About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aduro BioTech Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aduro BioTech Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) CEO Stephen T. Isaacs Sells 10,600 Shares Hannon Armstrong Sustnbl Infrstr Cap Inc (HASI) EVP Daniel K. Mcmahon Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Vereit Inc (VER) Director Julie Richardson Purchases 15,000 Shares Western Digital Corp (WDC) EVP Michael Charles Ray Sells 1,365 Shares of Stock Ashfield Capital Partners LLC Decreases Stake in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Ashfield Capital Partners LLC Maintains Position in The Western Union Company (WU) Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Has $28,971,000 Position in Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) SCANA Co. (SCG) Shares Sold by Ashfield Capital Partners LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Stake Held by NEXT Financial Group Inc Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Has $74.997 Million Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Shares Bought by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Position Reduced by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Has $2.301 Million Stake in Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Decreases Stake in DDR Corp (DDR) Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Buys 8,400 Shares of Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Zimmer Biomet Holdings (ZBH) Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Anthem (ANTM) Scout Investments Inc. Sells 122,801 Shares of Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Cogent Communications Holdings (CCOI) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) CEO Stephen T. Isaacs Sells 10,600 Shares May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Aduro BioTech Inc (NASDAQ:ADRO) CEO Stephen T. Isaacs sold 10,600 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.01, for a total value of $106,106.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Stephen T. Isaacs also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 16th, Stephen T. Isaacs sold 16,673 shares of Aduro BioTech stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.00, for a total value of $166,730.00. On Tuesday, May 16th, Stephen T. Isaacs sold 27,273 shares of Aduro BioTech stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.01, for a total value of $273,002.73. Aduro BioTech Inc (NASDAQ:ADRO) traded up 2.06% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $9.90. The stock had a trading volume of 234,721 shares. Aduro BioTech Inc has a 52 week low of $8.75 and a 52 week high of $16.43. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $9.69 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.14. The firm’s market cap is $692.14 million. Aduro BioTech (NASDAQ:ADRO) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The biotechnology company reported ($0.32) EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $3.77 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.74 million. Aduro BioTech had a negative return on equity of 23.45% and a negative net margin of 72.04%. Analysts anticipate that Aduro BioTech Inc will post ($1.43) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/aduro-biotech-inc-adro-ceo-stephen-t-isaacs-sells-10600-shares.html. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Aduro BioTech by 1.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 12,258 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 139 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Aduro BioTech by 1.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 114,156 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,418,000 after buying an additional 1,533 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in Aduro BioTech by 8.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 67,163 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $835,000 after buying an additional 5,481 shares during the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group bought a new position in Aduro BioTech during the third quarter valued at about $762,000. Finally, Spark Investment Management LLC bought a new position in Aduro BioTech during the third quarter valued at about $514,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 35.52% of the company’s stock. Several research firms have recently weighed in on ADRO. Canaccord Genuity set a $30.00 price target on Aduro BioTech and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. HC Wainwright began coverage on Aduro BioTech in a report on Monday, May 1st. They set a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut Aduro BioTech from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Rodman & Renshaw began coverage on Aduro BioTech in a report on Monday, May 1st. They set a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Finally, FBR & Co restated a “buy” rating and set a $23.00 price target on shares of Aduro BioTech in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Aduro BioTech presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $20.00. Aduro BioTech Company Profile Aduro Biotech, Inc is an immunotherapy company, which focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies that manage the treatment of various diseases, including cancer. The Company’s product candidates from its Live, Attenuated, Double-Deleted (LADD) Listeria monocytogenes, Stimulator of Interferon Genes Pathway Activator, and B-select monoclonal antibody platforms are designed to stimulate and/or regulate innate and adaptive immune responses, either as single agents or in combination with conventional therapies, as well as other immunotherapies. Receive News & Ratings for Aduro BioTech Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aduro BioTech Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 12:04am — May 19, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event Jobs report: Arizona wages rising faster than nation's Tucson job growth lagging Reporter profile More by Betty Beard Tweet Latest Most Commented Live weather radar Jobs report: Arizona wages rising faster than nation's Feds ID man wounded in Tombstone shootout with Border Patrol Tucsonenses end Open Cup run with 'brutal' loss in Colorado Man wounded after shooting at agents at BP checkpoint In defense of Paula Aboud and maybe even 'cheating'4 Buy local: Don't short Tucson business over sales-tax increase2 FC Tucson alums await bout with old squad in Open Cup 2nd round1 Their mind is not for rent: FC Tucson defeats Colorado Rush 3-11 Gallego jumps district lines to hammer McSally in healthcare rally1 Thanks to Posted May 18, 2017, 1:37 pm Betty Beard TucsonSentinel.com At least a year before Arizonans voted last November to increase the state’s minimum wage to $10 an hour, the state’s average hourly earnings began growing faster than the nation’s, the state’s Office of Economic Opportunity said Thursday. Arizona’s average hourly earnings began outpacing the nation’s in mid-2015 and when last measured, in April, they were growing at a rate of 5.6 percent over the previous year. The national average was growing at 3.2 percent. Two economists attributed that to a growing shortage of workers as well as the increase in the state minimum wage that voters approved last November. “I think that Arizona’s wage growth has been accelerating because our labor market has been gradually tightening,” said George Hammond, a University of Arizona economist and director of its Economic Research Center. “In other words, firms are having to compete harder for workers than they did a couple of years ago. In addition, the new minimum wage kicked in in January and that’s also contributing to the rapid increase in private-sector average hourly wages,” he said. Lee McPheters, director of Arizona State University's JPMorgan Chase Economic Outlook Center, said the "Arizona is adding jobs faster than the average state. This puts pressure on wages as well, especially in those industries such as manufacturing or the professional categories in health care and, of course, construction, where workers have to be attracted from  other states. So, after a long dry spell, wage growth in Arizona has picked up." The state’s average wage, though, remains at $25, about $1.20 less than the national average, said Doug Walls, research administrator at the state office of economic opportunity.   “The gap between Arizona and U.S. earnings is closing,” he said. Support TucsonSentinel.com today, because a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson. Some sectors are seeing very high increases. Trade, transportation and utilities; financial services and other services are seeing increases of around 8 percent, compared with a year ago. Arizonans voted in November to raise the minimum hourly wage to $10 from $8.05. Although effects of the state’s higher minimum wage haven’t been studied, Walls said workers in one sector that seem to have benefited from are in leisure and hospitality, including jobs at restaurants, bars and hotels.  In December, those workers were getting wages that averaged only .2 percent higher than a year earlier. In April, their wages averaged 5.5 percent higher. McPheters said the law is especially helping food-service workers and those in the lower rungs of retail and health care, among other industries. Meanwhile, in Tucson The good news in Pima County is that our unemployment rate not only fell in April to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent in March but came in lower than the state rate of 5 percent and the latest U.S. rate of 4.4 percent. Arizona’s unemployment rate was unchanged from March to April. But the bad news is that while Arizona as a whole added 51,900 jobs over the year (April 2016 to April 2017), for a 1.9 percent increase, metro Tucson added just 700, for a rate of .2 percent. One reason could be that Pima County did especially well in 2016, making 2017 growth especially weak. In April 2016, metro Tucson had added 5,500 jobs over the previous year, or 1.5 percent, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. “We have seen rather strong growth in Pima County in 2016. A lot of that has adjusted to much lower levels,” Walls said. Still, it is not a good sign that his office also reported that Pima County lost 100 jobs over the month from March to April. Those numbers are preliminary. Hammond said Tucson has had a slow start this year but that it is too early to say what is behind that. Support TucsonSentinel.com today, because a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson. “I’m not sure the preliminary data so far really reflects the underlying situation. We’ll have to keep an  eye on it,” he said. Overall, metro Tucson seems to be trading jobs in stores for those in restaurants and bars. And people who are earning more money seem to enjoy eating out more. The sector that lost the most jobs over the year here was retail, which fell by 1,100 positions (2.6%) as online shopping continued to hurt brick-and-mortar stores. And the sector that added the most jobs was leisure and hospitality, which gained 1,500 jobs over the year, for 3.3 percent growth. The same picture is being seen statewide. Retail jobs only grew by 200 over the year, while leisure and hospitality jobs grew by 17,200. Health services, a sector that could be hurt by the planned repeal of the Affordable Care Act, has been healthy, so far.  It is the one sector that kept growing during the Great Recession. Health care and social assistance added 9,800 jobs over the year. Most of those were in ambulatory services and hospitals. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Karen/Flickr Categories news, politics & government, business, local, arizona, breaking Read more about asu, economy, george hammond, jobs, lee mcpheters, office of economic opportunity, ua, unemployment More by Betty Beard Arizona's jobless rate drops to 5% amidst robust hiring Tucson's January job growth lagged rest of Arizona Report: Immigrants living in Arizona contribute $21.4 billion to state's economy ASU study: Repealing Obamacare could cost Az 29,000 jobs Ernst & Young opens Tucson office, plans to hire 125 staffers Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Sponsored by A little bird told us... Tweets from @TucsonSentinel/website-embed Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today White House Stumble Slams Market; Financials, Disney Drag On Dow ALAN R. ELLIOTT 5/17/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off Stocks dropped hard at Wednesday's open as questions regarding the White House's handling of an FBI investigation ruffled investor confidence. The Dow Jones industrial average and the Nasdaq each skidded 0.9% at the start of trade. The S&P 500 dropped 0.8%. Small caps were taking a harsh early beating, sending the Russell 2000 down 1.4% in early trade. News reports claimed notes taken by former FBI Director James Comey during a February meeting with President Donald Trump, just after National Security Advisor Michael Flynn had resigned, portrayed the president pressing the director to drop the agency's probe of Flynn. Trump fired Comey on May 9, and the White House has so far given conflicting reasons for why Comey was fired. The reaction among overseas markets was moderately negative. European markets traded lower, with London's FTSE 100 down 0.2%, the CAC-40 in Paris off 0.6% and Frankfurt's DAX falling 0.4% in afternoon trade. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 dropped 0.5%, shifting it into negative territory for the week. Tokyo receives preliminary first-quarter GDP estimates before its start of trade on Thursday. Disney Gets Downgrade; Qiwi Scores Breakout On the Dow Jones industrial average, Walt Disney (DIS) dropped 2.2% at the open, the worst early shot taken among Dow industrials. Macquarie downgraded the stock to neutral from outperform. Fellow Dow components JPMorgan (JPM) and Goldman Sachs (GS) fell 1.7% and 2%, respectively, as financial showed some of the strongest reactions to the overnight news out of Washington D.C. Also on the Dow, UnitedHealth Group (UNH) was down 0.9%, following a 2% decline Tuesday. The U.S. Justice Department on Tuesday filed its second suit in the past several weeks against the Medicare Advantage provider, this time alleging more than $1 billion in billings fraud. Restaurants resisted the early undertow, with Red Robin Gourmet Burger (RRGB) up 15% as an analyst upgrade followed a strong first-quarter earnings beat late Tuesday. Jack In The Box (JACK) sprung ahead 10% after reporting first-quarter earnings above expectations and on-target revenue growth late Tuesday. The company also said it had enlisted Morgan Stanley to explore strategic alternatives for its Mexican food chain Qdoba. The gain snapped the stock free of its converged 10- and 40-week moving averages, and well up the right side of a three-month consolidation. IBD 50 stock Qiwi (QIWI) rocketed 10% higher ahead of the open, breaking out above a 20.42 buy point in a three-weeks tight pattern. The operator of an ATM and online money transfer network in Russia reported stronger-than-forecast results for the first quarter, and boosted its full-year guidance above consensus views. Among retail stocks, American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) dropped 8%, Urban Outfitters (URBN) slipped 3% after reporting quarterly results. Target (TGT) opened 4% higher on smaller-than-expected declines in first-quarter earnings and revenue. A 1.3% decline in same-store-sales was less than half of the decline forecast by analyst consensus. Colgate Palmolive (CL) jumped more than 3%, after news reports said Chief Executive Ian Cook had said he'd be open to selling the company at $100 per share. The comment, which valued the personal products company near $88 billion, reportedly was made during a conference with institutional investors. Mortgage Applications Slow; Weekly Oil Inventories Coming Up Real estate markets received more downside news Wednesday, as the Mortgage Banker's Association reported  its mortgage applications index decreased 4.1% from the prior week, with refinancing down 6% and new purchases down 3%. New purchase applications are 9% higher than year-ago activity. The average interest rate on the 30-year fixed rate contract on loans averaging $424,000 or less remained unchanged at 4.23%, with points edging up to 0.37 from 0.31. Oil prices rose, but remained below $49 a barrel ahead of the Energy Information Administration's weekly oil inventories report, due out at 10:30 a.m. ET. Gold popped 1% higher, trading above $1,249 an ounce. The dollar slumped vs. the euro and the yen, and bonds climbed, trimming the 10-year yield 5 basis points to 2.28%. RELATED: News And Analysis Of Dow Jones Industrial Average And Component Stocks Retail & E-Commerce Stocks And Industry News ALAN R. ELLIOTT | Facebook | @IBD_Aelliott Share this: Related news Wal-Mart Targets Amazon, Pulls Away From Rivals Online; Stock At 2-Year High 5/18/2017 Target's logo may be the bull's-eye, but it's Wal-Mart that has painted a target on Amazon's back. 5/18/2017 Target's logo may be the bull's-eye, but it's Wal-Mart that... Workday Seen Adding Michelin As Customer Wins Roll On Apple, Home Depot Price Targets Hiked; Disney, Square Downgraded Target's Big Q1 Beat Offers Some Hope, But There's Still This Scary Thing S&P 500 Suffers Worst Losses Since September On White House Crisis Disney Upbeat On ESPN In Skinny Bundles, 'But We're Also Realists' Target Blasts Past Earnings, Sales Views; Guides Q2 High What To Expect From Target, Wal-Mart In The Wake Of Mall Meltdown Week In Review: Stocks Hold Strong Despite Snap, Macy's, Disney, Comey; Nvidia Flies Today's Spotlight Connect with us Check out what we’re doing with social and follow us for exclusive offers, giveaways, & investing tips. Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Children's Place topped earnings views and raised guidance Thursday. (RICHARD B. LEVINE/Newscom) These 5 Retailers Topped Earnings Views, But Their Stocks... Google manager Anil Sabharwal takes a selfie during the company's developer conference Wednesday (dpa/picture-alliance/Newscom) Google Trumpets Platform User Base Vs. Apple, Facebook, Amazon Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Capitol Report Get email alerts Warren exasperated over Treasury chief Mnuchin’s views on Glass-Steagall By Greg Robb Published: May 18, 2017 1:45 p.m. ET Share Mnuchin says reinstating law would be ‘huge mistake,’ leaving Democratic senator incredulous By GregRobb Senior economics reporter Getty Images Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he was in favor of a “21st-century Glass-Steagall,” apparently unaware that Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been backing legislation with the same name for three years. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday said the Trump White House did not support reinstating barriers between commercial and investment banks — despite the administration’s frequent invoking of support for the old law that did just that. The Trump administration has said they are receptive to a “modern” version of Glass-Steagall. But they have been loath to describe what that is. Mnuchin’s comments, made in testimony to the Senate Banking Committee, left Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, practically speechless. “This is crazy,” Warren said to no one in particular at the end of her testy exchange with the Treasury secretary. The Glass-Steagall Act, put in place after the Great Depression, separated commercial banks from broker-dealers. The law was repealed in 1998, leading to the creation of mammoth financial firms like Citigroup C, +0.17% and J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.37%  . Some industry critics, including Warren, think breaking up these big banks would make the financial system safer. For the first few months of the Trump administration, it looked as though Trump agreed. Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing that he supported a “21st-century Glass-Steagall,” and Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, reportedly made similar statements. The comments appeared to put Trump and Warren on the same side of bank reform. The high-profile Democrat, who served as special adviser to the secretary of the Treasury for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under President Obama, has for the past three years sponsored legislation with that same name that would separate commercial banks from broker-dealers. But in his testimony Thursday, Mnuchin said that he had never heard of Warren’s legislation when he made his “21st-century Glass-Steagall” comment. “We do not support a separation of banks from investment banks — we think that that would have a very significant problem on the financial markets, on the economy, on liquidity,” Mnuchin said, adding that it would be a “huge mistake.” Warren asked Mnuchin if he changed his stance after meeting with CEOs of big banks. Mnuchin said he hadn’t reversed. “There are aspects of [of Glass-Steagall] that may make sense,” he said. But Warren was not swayed “The idea that you can say you are in favor of Glass-Steagall but not breaking up the banks, this is like something straight out of George Orwell,” Warren said. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Bill Ackman has ‘something to prove’ after Valeant mistake Tesla workers reveal brutal working conditions on the assembly line Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns Related Topics U.S. Economy U.S. Politics Washington, D.C. Quote References C +0.10 +0.17% JPM -0.31 -0.37% Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. MarketWatch Partner Center Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $60.08 +0.10 (+0.17%) Volume 24.9M Open $59.73 High $60.60 Low $59.10 P/E Ratio 12.09 Div Yield 1.07 Market Cap 165.1B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $83.96 -0.31 (-0.37%) Volume 22.5M Open $84.07 High $84.80 Low $83.36 P/E Ratio 12.94 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 299.4B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shire PLC (SHP) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for ITV plc (ITV) National Grid plc (NG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Elbit Systems (ESLT) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.17 J M Smucker Co (SJM) Stake Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Position Reduced by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Acquires 425 Shares of J M Smucker Co (SJM) Cambrex Co. (CBM) Stake Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Schroders plc (SDR) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Compass Group plc (CPG) Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $91.381 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Stake Decreased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Royal Bank of Canada Raises Kraft Heinz Foods Co (HNZ) Price Target to $14.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) to Sell Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON: LLOY) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 5/16/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Investec. They now have a GBX 75 ($0.97) price target on the stock. 5/12/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a GBX 55 ($0.71) price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 58 ($0.75) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 58 ($0.75). 5/9/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 65 ($0.84) to GBX 67 ($0.86). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 5/3/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. 5/2/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 75 ($0.97) to GBX 76 ($0.98). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/2/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 58 ($0.75) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 5/2/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Citigroup Inc from GBX 55 ($0.71) to GBX 63 ($0.81). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 5/1/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 77 ($0.99) price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at AlphaValue. They now have a GBX 91.50 ($1.18) price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 80 ($1.03) to GBX 83 ($1.07). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 4/27/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 90 ($1.16) price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 75 ($0.97) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 77 ($0.99) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 75 ($0.97). 4/24/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 65 ($0.84) price target on by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 57 ($0.74) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 70 ($0.90) price target on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 70 ($0.90) to GBX 66 ($0.85). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 82 ($1.06) to GBX 86 ($1.11). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 60 ($0.77) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 4/2/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a GBX 55 ($0.71) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a GBX 80 ($1.03) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 70 ($0.90) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 52 ($0.67) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was downgraded by analysts at Berenberg Bank to a “sell” rating. They now have a GBX 55 ($0.71) price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 65 ($0.84) price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. 3/20/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) traded down 0.34% on Thursday, hitting GBX 71.28. The stock had a trading volume of 208,806,030 shares. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 47.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 74.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 66.66 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 64.66. The firm’s market cap is GBX 56.44 billion. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were given a dividend of GBX 2.20 ($0.03) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 6th. This is an increase from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. In other Lloyds Banking Group PLC news, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio acquired 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 72 ($0.93) per share, for a total transaction of £36,000 ($46,469.60). Also, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.89), for a total value of £100,621.32 ($129,884.24). Insiders have purchased a total of 55,905 shares of company stock valued at $3,976,803 in the last 90 days. Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance National Grid plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Grid plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shire PLC (SHP) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for ITV plc (ITV) National Grid plc (NG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Elbit Systems (ESLT) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.17 J M Smucker Co (SJM) Stake Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Position Reduced by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Acquires 425 Shares of J M Smucker Co (SJM) Cambrex Co. (CBM) Stake Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Schroders plc (SDR) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Compass Group plc (CPG) Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $91.381 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Stake Decreased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Royal Bank of Canada Raises Kraft Heinz Foods Co (HNZ) Price Target to $14.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) to Sell National Grid plc (NG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for National Grid plc (LON: NG): 5/18/2017 – National Grid plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 1,060 ($13.68) price target on the stock. 5/17/2017 – National Grid plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 920 ($11.88) price target on the stock. 5/12/2017 – National Grid plc had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 1,075 ($13.88) price target on the stock. 5/11/2017 – National Grid plc was downgraded by analysts at Berenberg Bank to a “hold” rating. They now have a GBX 1,050 ($13.55) price target on the stock. 5/4/2017 – National Grid plc was downgraded by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada to a “sector performer” rating. They now have a GBX 1,050 ($13.55) price target on the stock. 5/2/2017 – National Grid plc was given a new GBX 1,100 ($14.20) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – National Grid plc was upgraded by analysts at Macquarie to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 1,005 ($12.97) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 880 ($11.36). 4/21/2017 – National Grid plc was given a new GBX 920 ($11.88) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – National Grid plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. 4/19/2017 – National Grid plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 1,060 ($13.68) price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – National Grid plc had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 850 ($10.97) price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – National Grid plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 972 ($12.55) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 935 ($12.07). 4/13/2017 – National Grid plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 1,060 ($13.68) price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – National Grid plc was given a new GBX 1,100 ($14.20) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/30/2017 – National Grid plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.91) price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – National Grid plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a GBX 1,100 ($14.20) price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – National Grid plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 1,100 ($14.20) price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – National Grid plc was upgraded by analysts at BNP Paribas to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.91) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 830 ($10.71). 3/20/2017 – National Grid plc had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 830 ($10.71) price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – National Grid plc was given a new GBX 990 ($12.78) price target on by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. Shares of National Grid plc (LON:NG) traded down 1.08% on Thursday, hitting GBX 1049.50. The stock had a trading volume of 11,787,502 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,020.94 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 970.46. National Grid plc has a one year low of GBX 888.90 and a one year high of GBX 1,148.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 39.49 billion. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 16th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a dividend of GBX 29.10 ($0.38) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 1st. This represents a yield of 2.74%. National Grid plc is an electricity and gas utility company focused on transmission and distribution activities in electricity and gas in both the United Kingdom and the United States. The Company’s segments include UK Electricity Transmission, which is engaged in high voltage electricity transmission networks in Great Britain; UK Gas Transmission, which is the gas transmission network in Great Britain and United Kingdom liquefied natural gas (LNG) storage activities; UK Gas Distribution, which includes approximately four of the eight regional networks of Great Britain’s gas distribution system, and US Regulated, which includes gas distribution networks, electricity distribution networks and high voltage electricity transmission networks in New York, and New England and electricity generation facilities in New York. Receive News & Ratings for National Grid plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Grid plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schroders plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shire PLC (SHP) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for ITV plc (ITV) National Grid plc (NG) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Elbit Systems (ESLT) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.17 J M Smucker Co (SJM) Stake Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Position Reduced by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Acquires 425 Shares of J M Smucker Co (SJM) Cambrex Co. (CBM) Stake Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Schroders plc (SDR) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Compass Group plc (CPG) Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $91.381 Million Stake in Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Stake Decreased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Royal Bank of Canada Raises Kraft Heinz Foods Co (HNZ) Price Target to $14.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) to Sell Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Schroders plc (SDR) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Schroders plc (LON: SDR): 5/3/2017 – Schroders plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 3,738 ($48.25) price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Schroders plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 3,600 ($46.47) to GBX 3,650 ($47.12). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Schroders plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 4/27/2017 – Schroders plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 3,738 ($48.25) price target on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Schroders plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 2,750 ($35.50) price target on the stock. 4/10/2017 – Schroders plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 3,345 ($43.18) to GBX 3,450 ($44.53). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Schroders plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 2,900 ($37.43) price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Schroders plc was downgraded by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada to a “sector performer” rating. They now have a GBX 3,300 ($42.60) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 3,400 ($43.89). Shares of Schroders plc (LON:SDR) traded down 0.51% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 3125.00. The stock had a trading volume of 415,324 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 3,146.00 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 3,017.91. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 8.60 billion. Schroders plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,960.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 3,284.00. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 4th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th were paid a GBX 64 ($0.83) dividend. This is an increase from Schroders plc’s previous dividend of $29.00. This represents a yield of 2.1%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 30th. In related news, insider Philip Mallinckrodt purchased 19,980 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 2,275 ($29.37) per share, with a total value of £454,545 ($586,736.80). Also, insider Rakhi Goss-Custard purchased 669 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 6th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 3,061 ($39.51) per share, with a total value of £20,478.09 ($26,433.57). Over the last three months, insiders purchased 1,544,707 shares of company stock valued at $4,828,473,123. Schroders plc (Schroders) is the parent company of an international asset management and private banking group. Schroders operates three business segments: Asset Management, Private Banking and Group. Asset Management includes three divisions: Investment, which consists of its portfolio management, research and dealing functions across a product range covering equities, fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives; Distribution, which employs people globally, specialising in sales, client service, marketing, product development and product management, and serving institutional and intermediary sales channels, and Infrastructure, which employs people in the information technology, operations, finance, risk management, human resources, legal, compliance and internal audit. Receive News & Ratings for Schroders plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) CFO Sells $29,800.00 in Stock Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Harsco Co. (HSC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Price Target Raised to $40.00 Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (FDP) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Apollo Global Management (APO) Receives News Impact Score of 0.11 BBX Capital Corp (BBX) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.29 Black Stone Minerals (BSM) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds ANI Pharmaceuticals (ANIP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Credit Suisse Group AG Raises Gartner Inc (IT) Price Target to $130.00 FBR & Co Reaffirms Buy Rating for Jernigan Capital Inc (JCAP) Key Energy Services’ (KEG) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Instinet Maxim Group Reaffirms Buy Rating for MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Fiserv Inc (FISV) Shares Sold by Security Asset Management Goldman Sachs Group Inc Raises Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Price Target to $57.00 Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Price Target Raised to $2.25 New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Sells 3,900 Shares of Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Lowers Stake in PPL Corp (PPL) Netlist, Inc. (NLST) to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Great Western Bancorp Inc. is a full-service regional bank holding company. It focuses on business and agribusiness banking, complemented by retail banking and wealth management services. The Bank’s loan portfolio consists primarily of business loans, comprised of commercial and industrial, and agribusiness loans. It also provides a range of deposit and loan products to its retail customers through several channels, including its branch network, online banking system, mobile banking applications and customer care centers. The Bank provides wealth management solutions consisting of financial planning, private banking, investment management, and trust services. Great Western Bancorp, Inc. is headquartered in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. “ Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on GWB. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a buy rating and set a $46.00 target price on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Great Western Bancorp from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $48.00 to $47.00 in a research note on Friday, April 28th. DA Davidson restated a buy rating and set a $50.00 target price on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. FBR & Co assumed coverage on Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. They set an outperform rating and a $48.00 target price for the company. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a buy rating and set a $48.00 target price on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. Great Western Bancorp has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $45.00. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) traded up 0.18% during trading on Monday, hitting $38.34. 220,681 shares of the stock traded hands. Great Western Bancorp has a 12 month low of $29.31 and a 12 month high of $45.62. The company has a market cap of $2.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.94 and a beta of 1.86. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $41.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.52. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $111.23 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $116.90 million. Great Western Bancorp had a return on equity of 8.47% and a net margin of 27.75%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.55 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Great Western Bancorp will post $2.50 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.09%. This is a boost from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. Great Western Bancorp’s payout ratio is currently 30.77%. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,690,290 shares of the bank’s stock worth $56,320,000 after buying an additional 22,744 shares in the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 70.6% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 159,200 shares of the bank’s stock worth $5,305,000 after buying an additional 65,900 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth $25,923,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter worth $11,061,000. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 9.6% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 86,349 shares of the bank’s stock worth $2,877,000 after buying an additional 7,582 shares in the last quarter. About Great Western Bancorp Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Great Western Bancorp (GWB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US Treasury's Mnuchin opposes breakup of banks By Afp Published: 13:22 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 13:22 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin spars with Senator Elizabeth Warren over banking regulation The Trump administration does not support a return to the Depression-era rule requiring a separation of retail and investment banking, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Thursday. It would be "a huge mistake" to break up the banks, Mnuchin told a Senate committee, but there were some aspects of the Glass-Steagall law, enacted in 1933 and repealed in 1999, that could be revived in fresh regulation. "The integration of commercial banking and investment banks has gone on for a long period of time," Mnuchin said at a hearing. "That's not what caused the problems during the (2008) financial crisis. And if we did go back to a full separation, you would have an enormous impact on liquidity and lending." The remarks came during a sharp exchange with Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, an outspoken critic of large banks, who has supported breaking up JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and other giants. Warren pressed Mnuchin on what she called the administration's "reversal" on banking regulation and whether it resulted from meetings between Trump, Mnuchin and "big banks, CEOs and lobbyists." "What do you think Glass-Steagall was if it wasn't separating commercial banking from investment banking?" Warren pressed. Mnuchin said he supports "a 21st Century Glass-Steagall," but did not explain what that would mean for banking regulation. However, Trump has floated the possibility of a return to some form of Glass-Steagall, without offering specific plans, creating speculation about how banking policy will evolve. "I'm looking at that right now," Trump told Bloomberg News on May 1. "There's some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that." The 2016 Republican platform also referenced the old law, saying, "We support reinstating the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 which prohibits commercial banks from engaging in high-risk investment." Mnuchin said the administration's current stance is not a reversal. "If we had supported a full Glass-Steagall, we would have said at the time that we believed in Glass-Steagall, not a 21st Century Glass- Steagall," he said. "We were very clear in differentiating it." Mnuchin said implementing the new version of banking regulation was "a complicated question," and offered to meet with Warren to discuss her ideas. He also apologized for not knowing that Warren has since 2013 introduced a bill called the "21st Century Glass-Steagall Act." The bill would reinstate some rules to prevent banks from engaging in risky behavior and make large "too big to fail" banks "smaller and safer" to prevent the need for a government bailout. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER Family business! Teresa Giudice and Melissa Gorga look lovely in blush and red as they attend the opening of Joe's eatery In New Jersey LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   'It's a tradition now': Johnny Depp greets Jimmy Kimmel with big kiss on the lips while appearing on chat show Joining his chat show taped in Hollywood Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down During an interview  Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Hoping to get noticed! Becky G puts on eye-popping display in plunging white frock at Hollywood premiere Plunging neckline on a sleeveless frock Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Capitol Report Get email alerts Warren exasperated over Treasury chief Mnuchin’s views on Glass-Steagall By Greg Robb Published: May 18, 2017 1:45 p.m. ET Share Mnuchin says reinstating law would be ‘huge mistake,’ leaving Democratic senator incredulous By GregRobb Senior economics reporter Getty Images Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said he was in favor of a “21st-century Glass-Steagall,” apparently unaware that Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been backing legislation with the same name for three years. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday said the Trump White House did not support reinstating barriers between commercial and investment banks — despite the administration’s frequent invoking of support for the old law that did just that. The Trump administration has said they are receptive to a “modern” version of Glass-Steagall. But they have been loath to describe what that is. Mnuchin’s comments, made in testimony to the Senate Banking Committee, left Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat from Massachusetts, practically speechless. “This is crazy,” Warren said to no one in particular at the end of her testy exchange with the Treasury secretary. The Glass-Steagall Act, put in place after the Great Depression, separated commercial banks from broker-dealers. The law was repealed in 1998, leading to the creation of mammoth financial firms like Citigroup C, +0.17% and J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.37%  . Some industry critics, including Warren, think breaking up these big banks would make the financial system safer. For the first few months of the Trump administration, it looked as though Trump agreed. Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing that he supported a “21st-century Glass-Steagall,” and Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, reportedly made similar statements. The comments appeared to put Trump and Warren on the same side of bank reform. The high-profile Democrat, who served as special adviser to the secretary of the Treasury for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under President Obama, has for the past three years sponsored legislation with that same name that would separate commercial banks from broker-dealers. But in his testimony Thursday, Mnuchin said that he had never heard of Warren’s legislation when he made his “21st-century Glass-Steagall” comment. “We do not support a separation of banks from investment banks — we think that that would have a very significant problem on the financial markets, on the economy, on liquidity,” Mnuchin said, adding that it would be a “huge mistake.” Warren asked Mnuchin if he changed his stance after meeting with CEOs of big banks. Mnuchin said he hadn’t reversed. “There are aspects of [of Glass-Steagall] that may make sense,” he said. But Warren was not swayed “The idea that you can say you are in favor of Glass-Steagall but not breaking up the banks, this is like something straight out of George Orwell,” Warren said. More from MarketWatch More Coverage ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns Ask Arora: How investors can avoid losing their shirt in the age of Trump Related Topics U.S. Economy U.S. Politics Washington, D.C. Quote References C +0.10 +0.17% JPM -0.31 -0.37% Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. MarketWatch Partner Center Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $60.08 +0.10 (+0.17%) Volume 24.9M Open $59.73 High $60.60 Low $59.10 P/E Ratio 12.09 Div Yield 1.07 Market Cap 165.1B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $83.96 -0.31 (-0.37%) Volume 22.5M Open $84.07 High $84.80 Low $83.36 P/E Ratio 12.94 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 299.4B
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse 10 Industries That Could Be Impacted by Driverless Cars The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 18, 2017 12:04pm   Comments Share: For most daily drivers, it’s hard not to be excited by the prospects of driverless cars. How could you not be? No more sitting in traffic, having to share the road with crazy drivers, and just think of all the extra time. The average American spends 46 minutes driving every day, according to AAA’s Foundation for Traffic Safety survey. That means every year, the average American driver could get back almost 280 hours of their life, thanks to driverless cars. Just like the airplane, autonomous technology and driverless cars are positioned to fundamentally change transportation as we know it. To make driverless cars a reality, it’ll take a lot of new hardware, software, and other technology. There are roughly 263 start-ups alone working on different aspects necessary for developing driverless cars, according to VC firm Comet Labs. It’s a list of companies very different from what used to be involved in car manufacturing. While it’s definitely heavier on the tech side, overall it’s a mash-up of companies across sectors including some traditional automakers. Beyond start-ups, many large companies are also working on developing autonomous technology including: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Waymo, Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), Baidu Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ: BIDU), and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL). These companies are working on changing the way we get from point A to B and their efforts could impact far more than just transportation. Here are ten industries that may be affected: Hotels and Lodging If you’ve ever been on a long road trip, there’s probably been a time that you found yourself too tired to continue on, so you pulled into  a roadside hotel. Highways throughout the United States are lined with places for the weary traveler to rest their head. But travelers might not rely on them as much in the future, according to Volkswagen executive Sven Schuwirth, who once said he thinks driverless cars will be able to morph between a driving mode and sleeping mode. Several major automakers have already developed concept cars with shape-shifting capabilities, enabling the vehicles to act as mobile hotel rooms. Banking Federal Reserve Bank of New York data estimates the total amount of auto debt at the end of 2016 was about $1.16 trillion. Approximately 95% of today’s overall auto finance market is business-to-consumer. In the next 10 to 15 years, Deloitte Consulting predicts 35% of the market will become business-to-business as car-sharing continues to rise in use. In the future that could lead to the banking industry shifting away from smaller consumer loans to larger business loans. The five largest banks by market share in the auto lending industry are JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), Ally Financial Inc (NYSE: ALLY), Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC), Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE: COF), and Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC), according to Trefis research. At the end of Q3 2016, they held 25% of all outstanding loans in the United States.  Auto Manufacturing This one’s pretty obvious, but there are many different ways the auto industry might be impacted. By 2030, PwC predicts 50% of automobile manufacturing costs will be electronics, up from about 33% today. A lot of technology already goes into cars and they’re going to need a lot more when they replace us behind the wheel. There are many different companies producing all matter of electronics used in auto manufacturing. Some of the largest include: Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA), Delphi Automotive PLC (NYSE: DLPH), STMicroelectronics NV (ADR) (NYSE: STM) and Autoliv Inc. (NYSE: ALV).      Insurance The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration research suggests that over 90% of crashes are caused in part by human error. Autonomous technology and improvements in car safety could cause the number of accidents to decline by as much as 80% by 2040, according to KPMG. That could lead to shifts in how the insurance industry operates. Tesla started selling insurance directly to drivers in some markets using data they collect from the car’s onboard computers; and insurance companies including Travelers Companies Inc (NYSE: TRV), Allstate (NYSE: ALL), and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.B) Geico have rolled out usage-based policies, which determine pricing based on individual driver’s behavior behind the wheel and how much they drive. Energy Brandon Schoettle and Michael Sivak, researchers at the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute, think people could start sharing cars instead of owning their own. According to their calculations, it could reduce American car ownership by 43%, but increase use by 75%. The reason for that is because they predict the cars will make multiple trips to accomplish tasks like dropping off passengers and running errands. Schoettle told Bloomberg “the net effect is probably going to be an increase in mileage, and in general more miles you drive the more fuel you burn”. Other research suggests fuel consumption could drop significantly. Shifts in energy consumption, whether increases or decreases, could impact major oil companies including Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM), Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX), BP plc (ADR) (NYSE: BP), and ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP). In the long-run, these trends could also impact the more than 114,533 gas stations located throughout the United States, according to the last count in 2012 from the U.S. Census Bureau.  Healthcare There were more than 32,000 car crash deaths in the U.S. in 2013 and those deaths cost more than $380 million in direct medical costs, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prediction. If the accident rates declined by as much as 80% by 2040 as KPMG expects, it could reduce medical costs by almost half a billion dollars per year. In the long-run, experts think the increased safety of cars will lead to reduced demand for certain healthcare services and products.  Taxi and Other Ride-Hailing Services In New York City alone, there were 13,587 yellow cabs at the beginning of 2017 according to the New York City Taxi & Limousine Commission. The number of those cabs has steadily declined as ride-hailing services like Uber and Lyft grow in popularity. By March the NYC Taxi & Limo Commission said the number of yellow cabs on the streets had declined below 13,000 as the total number of Uber and Lyft vehicles on the road passed 43,000 and 17,000, respectively. Uber has been testing driverless fleets since 2016 and Lyft has partnered with General Motors Company (NYSE: GM) to develop a fleet of their own. Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is also testing ride-sharing services in a few select cities with its subsidiary Chariot, which offers “on-demand ridesharing via Ford Transit shuttles,” according to Tech Crunch. Airlines Volkswagen executive Sven Schuwirth thinks self-driving cars could change short-haul travel, something business travelers are no stranger to. He envisions a world where “your car wakes you up at four o’clock in the morning, picks you up and drives you autonomously the entire way” and then “you can sleep, you can prepare for a meeting, you can call your friends and family” instead of trying to get to the airport to catch your flight. Princeton Autonomous Vehicle Engineering Chair Alain Kornhauser predicts that driverless cars will cause a substantial disappearance of air travel less than 500, or about 310 miles. Short-haul travel helped build several profitable airlines, but they could need to rethink strategies if there are new alternatives.  Parking Cornell research estimates there’s currently about 144 billion square feet of total parking throughout the United States. Experts at Boston-based architectural firm Arrowstreet think driverless cars and the growing use of ride-sharing services could reduce the overall demand for parking by 61 billion square feet by 2035. It’s expected that autonomous vehicles will eventually be able to park themselves, leading city planners and architects to start thinking about how that space could be repurposed. That could also lead parking businesses to adjust their operations for a shift in structures and operations. Overall the parking industry is pretty fragmented, but there are some publicly-traded parking REITs and SP Plus Corp (NASDAQ:SP), formerly Standard Parking. Public Transportation Some experts are saying fixed-route public transportation might eventually be a thing of the past. Or at least they might not need drivers anymore. Others think there won’t be a need for buses, shuttles, minivans and other public transportation. Zipcar co-founder Robin Chase told the Transport Politic she thinks cheaper prices for ride-sharing services once there’s no human labor involved could eliminate the need for a lot of public transit. It’s exciting to think about all the change that could come about thanks to driverless cars and autonomous technology, but it’s still a ways off before they become a wide-spread reality. As we’ve seen in the past, the future doesn’t always turn out the way we expect. There are countless possibilities that could arise from this new technology and only time will tell how our world might change. If you’re interested in finding out more, visit the TD Ameritrade research tools page to look further into these sectors, and for more information on elite-level trading tools and resources visit the thinkorswim features page. Posted-In: TD Ameritrade The Ticker TapeREIT Travel Markets Tech General Real Estate © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + ALL) The Market In 5 Minutes Apple's iPhone Retention Rate At 92% This Year Apple Having Its Worst Day Since November Historical Precedent Makes The Case For Another 10% Upside In Apple Shares 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday Apple Will Update Its MacBook Lineup In Response To Microsoft's New Products View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 INTC, AMD: AMD Downgraded, Analyst Thinks Intel Deal Is 'Unlikely' 2 AMD, CHRS: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 PBR, BBD: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 AMD: AMD's Product Road Map Remains 'On Track,... 5 NVDA, AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Sharply Higher Amid... 6 IBM, ENTG: Marc Chaikin's Bullish Thesi... 7 AAPL: Historical Precedent Makes Th... 1 THCBF, CBDS: Patent Wars Surprisingly Reach The Cannabis Industry: How Do You Regi... 2 AEO, LB: Jefferies Remains Bearish On L Brands Amid PINK's Slight... 3 BRK.B, CHD: 3 Most Likely Suitors For Colgate-Palmolive, In Jeff... 4 CSCO: Cisco Hands In Solid Results, Weak Outlook In Q3... 5 FL, DE: Investors Seek Respite As Political Turmoi... 6 HAS, MAT: Mattel: Does This Toy Story Have A... 7 P, SIRI: Street Not Biting On NY Pos... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook's Biggest Fan: Victor Anthony's Been Bullish Since Day 1, And That's Unlikely To Change FDA Approval For Endologix's Nellix Likely Pushed To At Least 2020
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Media Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report I knew Roger Ailes. Here's the biggest mistake most people make about him Roger Ailes is being remembered as some kind of conservative ideologue. But he was really just a showman with a keen understanding of what audiences like. And that showmanship definitely had a personal dark side that also had nothing to do with politics. Jake Novak | @jakejakeny 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Bob Riha Jr. | Getty Images Roger Ailes FOX News founder Roger Ailes passed away Thursday morning at age 77. Get ready for a number of retrospective pieces about how in addition to launching the enormously successful FOX News network, Ailes was some kind of leading conservative ideologue who advanced the conservative agenda in front of and behind the scenes for five decades. Not quite. What Ailes truly was, for better or for worse, was an impresario. He knew that the essential ingredients for putting on a good show were strikingly similar to putting on a good campaign. First, last, and always he was about image, personality and style. And another key ingredient was humor, sometimes biting and cruel, but still humor. I worked at FOX and FOX Business for 5-plus years and had several interactions with Ailes during that time. His message was always the same: Put on entertaining shows. He never pushed a policy or a political ideology. That was true for us as his employees even when we were covering important stories with important sources. For example, business programs under his authority were given strict orders when discussing companies like Apple or JPMorgan, to refer exclusively to their leaders Steve Jobs and Jamie Dimon instead. Political policies also got the "my eyes are glazing over" treatment from Ailes, who insisted on talking about the candidates and their soundbite-friendly statements alone. Even an ongoing story like the Iraq War got short shrift in our newsroom. Ailes recognized as early as 2005 that most viewers were tiring of the story, even though his cable competitors and the newspapers were convinced the war was still the top issue in America. He favored culture war stories, true crime and car chases. "I worked at FOX and FOX Business for 5-plus years and had several interactions with Ailes during that time. His message was always the same: Put on entertaining shows. He never pushed a policy or a political ideology." At a time when competitors like CNN were still convinced that slapping a live camera in front of every breaking news event was the ticket, Ailes knew that connecting with the viewers' emotions and giving them a familiar face to relate to each night was the better, if less journalism-centered, way to go. The ratings proved him right as he created media mega-stars from Bill O'Reilly to Megyn Kelly. But the key piece of knowledge Ailes possessed was that even the most educated viewers and voters would make their viewing and political decisions based on emotional rather than intellectual reasons. Ailes used this wisdom time and time again. He climbed the ladder quickly to the job of director of the nationally syndicated Mike Douglas Show. Then he brought his showman's insight to politics, convincing then-candidate Richard Nixon to use striking imagery of street crime and protests in a key 1968 campaign ad. It was also the knowledge that led him to urge President Reagan to open a crucial 1984 debate against Walter Mondale with a self-deprecating joke. In both cases, that imagery and personal style over substance delivered big time. It needs to be said that Ailes' preoccupation with personality and appearances had a serious dark side. The many allegations and subsequent settlements against him for using his position at FOX to sexually harass and pressure female on air staffers and others connected with FOX are frankly not a surprise to me based on his obsessions with looks. I was one of many producers who would often get warning phone calls in the control room when Ailes saw a female or male guest on my program whom he considered to be unattractive. In this way, Ailes was no trailblazer. Anyone who's worked long enough in the news business, particularly those of us who worked several years in local news, have run into lots of news directors and other executives in this field who clearly use their position of authority to initiate inappropriate relationships with female employees. That kind of behavior ultimately sank Ailes' career and, based on multiple reported harassment settlements, the same thing sank O'Reilly, his biggest star for decades. And it will always serve as much more than a minor footnote in his story. But it's important to remember that Roger Ailes put on shows. And he put on more watchable shows than his competition, even if those shows were news programs or political campaigns. They were still shows to him, and that's why he so often won. That's his legacy with plenty of positive and negative lessons to go along with it. But Ailes was no political thought leader and certainly not a groundbreaking or authoritative conservative thinker. Anyone who eulogizes him that way doesn't really know what Ailes was all about. Commentary by Jake Novak, CNBC.com senior columnist. Follow him on Twitter @jakejakeny. For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter. Jake NovakSenior columnist, CNBC.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qiwi PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News WellCare Health Plans (WCG) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Kinross Gold (KGC) Qiwi PLC to Issue Dividend of $0.20 (qiwi) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Shares Sold by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System First Trust Advisors LP Has $16.503 Million Position in OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) First Trust Advisors LP Acquires 109,938 Shares of Enbridge Inc (ENB) W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Shares Bought by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDK) Position Increased by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Boosts Stake in Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Position Held by WealthTrust Fairport LLC Guggenheim Raises Tesla Inc (TSLA) Price Target to $380.00 UNICREDIT SPA NPV (POST REV SPLIT) (UNCFF) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cumulus Media Inc (CMLS) Receives Hold Rating from Noble Financial Blue Prism Group PLC (PRSM) Earns “Buy” Rating from Investec Needham & Company LLC Raises Trevena Inc (TRVN) Price Target to $11.00 Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Aecom (ACM) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS ProQR Therapeutics NV (PRQR) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Qiwi PLC to Issue Dividend of $0.20 (qiwi) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:qiwi) declared a dividend on Wednesday, May 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, May 30th will be paid a dividend of 0.20 per share by the credit services provider on Friday, June 2nd. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. Shares of Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) traded up 1.09% during trading on Thursday, hitting $21.25. The stock had a trading volume of 417,665 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $18.24 and its 200-day moving average is $14.87. Qiwi PLC has a one year low of $11.26 and a one year high of $22.34. The firm has a market cap of $1.29 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.16 and a beta of 3.54. Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 17th. The credit services provider reported $0.37 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $2.91 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.72 billion. Qiwi PLC had a return on equity of 20.46% and a net margin of 21.93%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 15.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $20.41 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Qiwi PLC will post $1.24 EPS for the current year. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on QIWI shares. TheStreet raised Qiwi PLC from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Qiwi PLC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $15.00 to $23.00 in a report on Monday, April 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on Qiwi PLC in a report on Friday, April 7th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Qiwi PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/qiwi-plc-to-issue-dividend-of-0-20-qiwi.html. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in Qiwi PLC stock. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) by 8.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 46,495 shares of the credit services provider’s stock after buying an additional 3,681 shares during the period. State Street Corp owned about 0.08% of Qiwi PLC worth $594,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 41.87% of the company’s stock. Qiwi PLC Company Profile QIWI plc is a provider of payment services in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The Company’s network enables payment services across physical, online and mobile channels. The Company operates in target markets and customer segments. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had deployed over 17.2 million virtual wallets, over 162,000 kiosks and terminals, and enabled merchants to accept over Russian rubles 70 billion cash and electronic payments monthly. Receive News & Ratings for Qiwi PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesla Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guggenheim Raises Tesla Inc (TSLA) Price Target to $380.00 UNICREDIT SPA NPV (POST REV SPLIT) (UNCFF) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cumulus Media Inc (CMLS) Receives Hold Rating from Noble Financial Blue Prism Group PLC (PRSM) Earns “Buy” Rating from Investec Needham & Company LLC Raises Trevena Inc (TRVN) Price Target to $11.00 Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Aecom (ACM) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS ProQR Therapeutics NV (PRQR) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Hickok Incorporated (HICKA) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Sevcon Inc (SEV) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for DXC Technology Company (DXC) Delphi Automotive PLC’s (DLPH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Jefferies Group LLC Raises CIGNA Co. (CI) Price Target to $183.00 Chicago Equity Partners LLC Cuts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $105.672 Million Position in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) LSV Asset Management Increases Position in SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Reduces Stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Guggenheim Raises Tesla Inc (TSLA) Price Target to $380.00 May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) had its price objective lifted by Guggenheim from $320.00 to $380.00 in a research note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a buy rating on the electric vehicle producer’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on TSLA. Pacific Crest reiterated a market perform rating on shares of Tesla in a report on Friday, May 5th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a market perform rating and issued a $250.00 target price on shares of Tesla in a report on Friday, May 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on Tesla from $185.00 to $190.00 and gave the stock an underweight rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a market perform rating on shares of Tesla in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Evercore ISI reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $330.00 target price on shares of Tesla in a report on Monday, May 8th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $274.26. Shares of Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) traded up 0.86% during trading on Monday, reaching $308.74. 2,359,189 shares of the company were exchanged. Tesla has a one year low of $178.19 and a one year high of $327.66. The stock’s market capitalization is $50.71 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $306.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $248.20. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The electric vehicle producer reported ($1.97) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.67) by $1.30. The business had revenue of $2.70 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.56 billion. Tesla had a negative return on equity of 29.17% and a negative net margin of 14.74%. Equities analysts predict that Tesla will post ($5.55) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Guggenheim Raises Tesla Inc (TSLA) Price Target to $380.00” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/guggenheim-raises-tesla-inc-tsla-price-target-to-380-00.html. In related news, insider Jeffrey B. Straubel sold 109,100 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $307.81, for a total transaction of $33,582,071.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Robyn M. Denholm sold 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $311.76, for a total value of $6,235,200.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 20,000 shares in the company, valued at $6,235,200. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 242,791 shares of company stock worth $74,745,344. 27.70% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC bought a new stake in Tesla during the first quarter worth about $101,000. Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new position in shares of Tesla during the fourth quarter worth $102,000. Parallel Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Tesla during the fourth quarter worth $104,000. SRS Capital Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Tesla by 1,213.3% in the first quarter. SRS Capital Advisors Inc. now owns 394 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 364 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Advisory Services Network LLC acquired a new position in shares of Tesla during the first quarter worth $122,000. Institutional investors own 57.29% of the company’s stock. About Tesla Tesla, Inc, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc, designs, develops, manufactures and sells fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as installs, operates and maintains solar and energy storage products. The Company operates through two segments: Automotive, and Energy generation and storage. Receive News & Ratings for Tesla Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
xvwcduzczvucsubqbbfcy Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 1 + 3? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 1 + 3? Email for new password What is 1 + 3? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » Wells Fargo Debacle Pushing Regulators To Overregulate, JPMorgan Exec Says May 19, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Invest In Women 2017 Inside Retirement 2017 Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Wells Fargo Debacle Pushing Regulators To Overregulate, JPMorgan Exec Says May 18, 2017 • Ted Knutson For years, Wall Street leaders charged regulators swarmed all over their companies—not because they needed to, but because they were too sensitive to allegations they fell asleep at the switch in the run-up to the financial crisis. Now the same thing is happening in the aftermath of Wells Fargo's consumer fraud, JPMorgan Chase Vice Chair Stephen Cutler claimed Wednesday. After enduring verbal assaults from congressional Republicans and Democrats over the Wells Fargo debacle, financial regulators of all stripes are bending over backwards to try to prove they aren’t weak, Cutler said. “Regulators feel they are under attack,” Cutler told a forum on compliance trends at Finra's annual conference in Washington, D.C. Several years after the scam started, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fined Wells Fargo $185 million last fall. In some cases, four to six regulators are imposing sanctions for the same offense, Cutler said. “Every regulator feels a need to impose its own sanctions. Lots of times regulator A won’t take into account what Regulator B is doing. We have to find a way to end that,” said Cutler, who once headed up the enforcement division of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Trump administration and Senate Banking Committee Chair Mike Crapo have made overlapping regulations among their targets. House Financial Services Committee Chair Jeb Hensarling’s Financial CHOICE Act takes aim at the practice. The bill recently passed the committee, where it appears on its way to full House passage in a handful of weeks. It's future in the Senate is in doubt, however. “[Overregulation is] frustrating to all of us when the rule book is not clear and [examiners] say it doesn’t matter,” said Cutler.   Loading Other Articles... To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you charge separately for financial planning or is it included in your AUM fee? Charge Separately Included In AUM fee View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DXC Technology Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXC Technology Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for DXC Technology Company (DXC) Delphi Automotive PLC’s (DLPH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Jefferies Group LLC Raises CIGNA Co. (CI) Price Target to $183.00 Chicago Equity Partners LLC Cuts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $105.672 Million Position in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) LSV Asset Management Increases Position in SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Reduces Stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $8.715 Million Stake in Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Clarus Securities Weighs in on Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd’s FY2017 Earnings (TVE) LSV Asset Management Has $207.138 Million Position in American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) 2,485 Shares in J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Acquired by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Nwam LLC Sells 202 Shares of Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires 2,680 Shares of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (CORT) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Position in Sabre Corp (SABR) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 5,534 Shares of Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) LSV Asset Management Continues to Hold Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Vivint Solar Inc (VSLR) CFO Sells $412,620.00 in Stock Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Major Shareholder Sells $343,125.84 in Stock Insider Selling: Lendingtree Inc (TREE) Director Sells $363,150.00 in Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for DXC Technology Company (DXC) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada reiterated their buy rating on shares of DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Royal Bank of Canada currently has a $87.00 price objective on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded DXC Technology Company from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $87.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating on shares of DXC Technology Company in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded DXC Technology Company from a buy rating to a conviction-buy rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $85.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on DXC Technology Company in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They set an overweight rating and a $90.00 target price for the company. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded DXC Technology Company from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $68.00 to $85.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $87.80. Shares of DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) traded down 0.425% on Monday, reaching $78.445. The company had a trading volume of 580,730 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $75.87 and a 200-day moving average price of $66.62. The firm’s market cap is $11.06 billion. DXC Technology Company has a one year low of $34.11 and a one year high of $80.83. WARNING: “Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for DXC Technology Company (DXC)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/royal-bank-of-canada-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-dxc-technology-company-dxc.html. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Morgan Stanley purchased a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $253,000. Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec purchased a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $1,822,000. Geode Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $89,787,000. Vanguard Group Inc. purchased a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $4,633,000. Finally, Westside Investment Management Inc. purchased a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $105,000. Receive News & Ratings for DXC Technology Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXC Technology Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe The Economist explainsWhy Harvard Business School is under fire A new book blames HBS for many of the Western world’s woes The Economist explainsMay 18th 2017 by P.F. | NEW YORK twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon HARVARD BUSINESS SCHOOL (HBS) has come under the cosh this month. A new book, “The Golden Passport” by Duff McDonald, argues that HBS has lost its crown as the top business school in America and also become a breeding ground for toxic behaviour, with conflicts of interests rife within the school, and its alumni responsible for pushing a rapacious form of capitalism that explains many of the ills of the world’s biggest economy. Mr McDonald is a well-regarded author whose previous books, on McKinsey & Company, a consultancy, and JPMorgan Chase, a bank, were authoritative. Why is he attacking the school, and does he have a point? HBS, founded in 1908, and part of Harvard University, has played an important role in American business. It had a big influence over the formation of large corporations in the early 20th century and it helped create the industrial base that allowed the Allies to win the second world war. In the past few decades its MBA graduates have filled the corridors of the elite management-consulting and Wall Street firms. Even in Silicon Valley, where HBS is relatively weak, about 10% of “Unicorns”—private startups worth over $1bn—have at least one HBS MBA as a founder. The school’s students pay high fees in order to learn from its “case study” method of teaching, which is based on real-life examples, and also to buy the right to use the Harvard brand and the HBS alumni network to get high-paid jobs. Latest updates Why India allows instant divorce The Economist explains2 hours ago Why too many Americans are dying young Democracy in America11 hours ago The Tories move onto Labour turf, promising new workers’ rights Speakers’ Corner13 hours ago From Russia with risk Buttonwood’s notebook15 hours ago The end of Canada’s housing boom? Americas15 hours ago Our general election poll tracker Graphic detail17 hours ago See all updates The idea that HBS is responsible for the ills of Western civilisation is far-fetched. The school is better thought of as an aggressive business that has grown fast, cut too many corners and lost its competitive edge. Sales have risen by a compound rate of 8% over the past decade and costs by 7%. It has failed to manage conflicts of interest adequately: for example it gives companies a veto over case studies written about them and academics can be paid by the companies they teach about. The school has tried to diversify its intake of pupils, but even after adjusting for the financial aid it gives out, the effective average fee for an MBA course has risen by about 30% in five years. It has established big thinkers such as Michael Porter on its staff but has so far not produced a new generation of stars. HBS has two options. One would be to focus more on the quality and objectivity of its ideas and spend less time raising money from donors and sucking up to companies. But this might force the school to become less extravagant and require its faculty to adhere to tighter rules on conflicts of interest. The other option for HBS would be to acknowledge its status as a business, not a temple of scholarship. If it could trim back costs to their level of five years ago and if it were valued on an average stockmarket price-earnings multiple, it would be worth about $5bn. If it were listed on public markets, Harvard University would receive a large special dividend which it could put to philanthropic use and HBS could be liberated to pursue its own self-interest as ruthlessly as its graduates do. twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks The legacy of the six-day warWhy Israel needs a Palestinian state More than ever, land for peace also means land for democracy Leaders Deep breath, AmericaDonald Trump and the lawUnited States A very meaty scandal in BrazilLeaked recordings are trouble for Michel TemerAmericas The Economist explainsWhy India allows instant divorceThe Economist explains Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cadence Bancorporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BMO Capital Markets Cuts CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) Price Target to $35.00 Cadence Bancorporation (CADE) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc. BT Group plc’s (BT) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Macquarie Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Kohl's Co. (KSS) BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Zacks Investment Research Brokers Increase Earnings Estimates for Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) William G. Beattie Purchases 16,000 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Stock Yves Vézina Sells 9,600 Shares of Metro, Inc. (MRU) Stock GGP Inc (GGP) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Centurylink Inc (CTL) Earns Underperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boenning Scattergood Lowers Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) to Neutral State Treasurer State of Michigan Has $11.076 Million Position in Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 Parnassus Investments CA Has $382.659 Million Position in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Stake Lowered by APG Asset Management N.V. $0.81 Earnings Per Share Expected for East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) This Quarter Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Shares Sold by APG Asset Management N.V. American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Position in BP plc (BP) Cadence Bancorporation (CADE) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc. May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation (NYSE:CADE) in a research report released on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm issued a hold rating and a $25.00 price target on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on CADE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a report on Monday. They issued an overweight rating and a $26.00 price target for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a report on Monday. They set a neutral rating and a $24.00 target price for the company. Stephens reissued an overweight rating and issued a $25.00 price objective on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a report on Monday, May 8th. They issued an outperform rating for the company. Finally, Robert W. Baird began coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. They issued an outperform rating and a $27.00 price objective for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Cadence Bancorporation presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $25.40. Shares of Cadence Bancorporation (NYSE:CADE) traded down 0.1858% on Monday, reaching $21.6497. 1,907 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.62 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.8847. Cadence Bancorporation has a 52 week low of $21.55 and a 52 week high of $23.20. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $22.36 and its 200 day moving average price is $22.36. Cadence Bancorporation (NYSE:CADE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter. The business had revenue of $98.86 million for the quarter. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/cadence-bancorporation-cade-earns-hold-rating-from-analysts-at-suntrust-banks-inc.html. About Cadence Bancorporation Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company. The Company is focused on middle-market commercial lending, complemented by retail banking and wealth management services, and provides a broad range of banking services to businesses, individuals and business owners. It operates through three segments: Banking, Financial Services and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Cadence Bancorporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GGP Inc (GGP) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Centurylink Inc (CTL) Earns Underperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boenning Scattergood Lowers Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) to Neutral State Treasurer State of Michigan Has $11.076 Million Position in Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 Parnassus Investments CA Has $382.659 Million Position in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Stake Lowered by APG Asset Management N.V. $0.81 Earnings Per Share Expected for East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) This Quarter Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Shares Sold by APG Asset Management N.V. American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Position in BP plc (BP) State Treasurer State of Michigan Cuts Stake in McKesson Co. (MCK) Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Position Maintained by American National Insurance Co. TX Amica Retiree Medical Trust Continues to Hold Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) to Post $0.36 EPS Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. (BDL) Releases Earnings Results Very Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact CEL-SCI (CVM) Share Price Needham & Company LLC Boosts Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Price Target to $43.00 Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Research Coverage Started at Loop Capital Investec plc (INVP) Earns Hold Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Boenning Scattergood Lowers Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) to Neutral May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Boenning Scattergood lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report published on Monday morning. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. TheStreet lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a c- rating to a d+ rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price target on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a sell rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have assigned a hold rating to the stock. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $18.80. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) traded down 2.51% on Monday, hitting $10.09. 175,284 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $13.78 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.85. The firm’s market cap is $703.69 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 52-week low of $10.09 and a 52-week high of $25.67. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $89.26 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $97.98 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 12.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.43 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.04) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Boenning Scattergood Lowers Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) to Neutral” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/boenning-scattergood-lowers-pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-to-neutral.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.21 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 8.12%. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -133.33%. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares during the period. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware acquired a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the first quarter worth about $132,000. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. raised its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the period. Independent Order of Foresters raised its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares during the period. Finally, Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc acquired a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter worth about $200,000. Institutional investors own 93.69% of the company’s stock. About Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jounce Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Raised to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG Chart Industries (GTLS) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Report Shows Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Earns Hold Rating from Barclays PLC Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Lifted to Hold at Vetr Inc. Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Stryker Co. (SYK) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.43 Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Acquires 167 Shares of J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Raised to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Purchases 3,400 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) VictoryShares US Small Cap Volatility Wtd ETF (CSA) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Report Finds Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Position Lowered by Appropriate Balance Financial Services Inc. Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY) Lifted to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Likely to Affect AmeriServ Financial (ASRV) Stock Price DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Raised to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Lifted to “Outperform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Denny's Co. (DENN) Share Price Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (RDY) Raised to Hold at Deutsche Bank AG A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Shares Bought by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Jounce Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:JNCE) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Friday morning. According to Zacks, “Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company. It engaged in developing therapies which enable the immune system to attack tumors. The Company’s lead product candidate, JTX-2011, is a clinical-stage monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates the Inducible T cell CO-Stimulator, a protein on the surface of certain T cells found in a range of solid tumors. It also developing JTX-4014 for use in future combinations with JTX-2011, as well as for use in combination with other future product candidates. Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Cambridge, United States. “ Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Cowen and Company reiterated a buy rating on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an outperform rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an overweight rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an outperform rating for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Jounce Therapeutics has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $28.67. Shares of Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) opened at 23.715 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is $57.49 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $24.27 and a 200 day moving average of $22.53. Jounce Therapeutics has a 1-year low of $16.33 and a 1-year high of $29.29. Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported ($0.02) EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.09) by $0.07. The company had revenue of $20.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $19.71 million. The business’s revenue was up 202900.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Jounce Therapeutics will post ($0.73) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/jounce-therapeutics-inc-jnce-downgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Teachers Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at approximately $195,000. Paloma Partners Management Co purchased a new stake in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at approximately $212,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at approximately $229,000. Morgan Stanley purchased a new stake in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at approximately $278,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at approximately $385,000. Jounce Therapeutics Company Profile Jounce Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company. The Company is engaged in developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, the Company first focuses on specific cell types within tumors to prioritize targets, and then identify related biomarkers designed to match the right therapy to the right patient. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Jounce Therapeutics (JNCE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Getty Realty Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (SC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pfizer (PFE) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Tyler Technologies (TYL) Jefferies Group Comments on AmerisourceBergen Corp.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ABC) Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Insider Sells $744,469.08 in Stock UGI Corp (UGI) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.18 Per Share Jefferies Group Comments on Continental Resources, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CLR) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (RBA) Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) SVP Sells $864,687.15 in Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) to Hold FBR & Co Trims Tegna Inc (TGNA) Target Price to $29.00 Under Armour Inc (UAA) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. SYSCO Co. (SYY) Stake Reduced by BB&T Corp Tremor Video Inc (TRMR) Earns “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Tufton Capital Management Reduces Position in SYSCO Co. (SYY) UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Raised to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Turning Point Brands Inc (TPB) Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Shares Sold by BB&T Corp Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Friday. The brokerage currently has $28.00 price objective on the real estate investment trust’s stock. According to Zacks, “Getty Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership, leasing and financing of retail motor fuel and convenience store properties and petroleum distribution terminals in the United States. The company’s properties are leased or sublet to distributors and retailers engaged in the sale of gasoline and various motor fuel products, convenience store products, and automotive repair services. Getty’s properties are operated under a variety of brands including Getty, BP, Exxon, Mobil, Shell, Chevron, Valero, Fina and Aloha. It is also a marketer of heating oil in Pennsylvania and Maryland. Getty Realty Corp. is headquartered in Jericho, New York. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of Getty Realty Corp. from $16.00 to $20.00 and gave the company an underweight rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Shares of Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) opened at 24.99 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $25.77 and a 200-day moving average of $25.18. Getty Realty Corp. has a 12 month low of $19.44 and a 12 month high of $26.71. The company has a market capitalization of $864.88 million, a P/E ratio of 21.30 and a beta of 0.51. Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.41 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $29.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24 million. Getty Realty Corp. had a net margin of 43.33% and a return on equity of 12.35%. Getty Realty Corp.’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.68 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Getty Realty Corp. will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/getty-realty-corp-gty-lifted-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be paid a dividend of $0.28 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 20th. This represents a $1.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.48%. Getty Realty Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 75.68%. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GTY. State Street Corp raised its stake in Getty Realty Corp. by 9.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 659,073 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $16,802,000 after buying an additional 57,109 shares in the last quarter. Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of Getty Realty Corp. by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 27,957 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $722,000 after buying an additional 512 shares in the last quarter. Sapphire Star Partners LP bought a new stake in shares of Getty Realty Corp. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $204,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Getty Realty Corp. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,002,000. Finally, LPL Financial LLC bought a new stake in shares of Getty Realty Corp. during the third quarter worth approximately $2,880,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 56.64% of the company’s stock. Getty Realty Corp. Company Profile Getty Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company specializes in the ownership, leasing and financing of convenience store and gasoline station properties. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s 829 properties were located in 23 states across the United States and Washington, District of Columbia. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Getty Realty Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Dow's Andrew Liveris joins President Trump on Saudi Arabia trip Donald Trump and Andrew Liveris In this Dec. 9, 2016 file photo, then-president-elect Donald Trump announces Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris as head of the American Manufacturing Council during his "Thank You Tour" speech at the DeltaPlex in Walker. (Allison Farrand | MLive.com file) Print Email Heather Jordan | heather_jordan@mlive.com By Heather Jordan | heather_jordan@mlive.com The Saginaw News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 18, 2017 at 8:11 AM comments MIDLAND, MI -- When President Donald Trump visits Saudi Arabia in his first official international trip this week, he will be joined by Dow Chemical Co. CEO and Chairman Andrew N. Liveris and other top United States business leaders.  According to a Financial Times report, Liveris and dozens of other business leaders will follow Trump on the trip to attend a Saudi-U.S. CEO Forum. Also expected to be there are Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Michael Corbat of Citigroup, James Gorman of Morgan Stanley, Stephen Schwarzman of Blackstone and John Rice of General Electric, among others.  Read the Financial Times report here.  Asharq Al-Awsat reports "The forum aims to prospect investment opportunities and reinforce right partnership between the two countries in vital sectors such as oil, gas, technology, health care, manufacturing, infrastructure, industries and aviation." Liveris is counted among "major speakers" lined up for the event, according to the report.  Read the Asharq Al-Awsat report here. Dow asks Trump administration to 'set aside' results of pesticide studies Liveris, who has served as Dow's CEO since 2004 and chairman since 2006, is a close adviser to Trump. The president named him head of the national Manufacturing Council in December. As such, Liveris is among the business leaders involved in Trump's Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. In addition, Dow wrote a $1 million check to help underwrite the president's inaugural festivities, the Associated Press has reported.  Dow has "key growth investments" in Saudi Arabia, and achievements related to the Sadara joint venture there are listed among 2016 company performance highlights in Dow's 2017 proxy statement, which can be found here.  Top takeaways from Dow Chemical's 120th annual meeting Get more Dow Chemical news here.  Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Enchanted Great Gatsby Under the Sea and other dominant themes Michigan's Best Tell us your favorite Michigan Craft Distilleries, craft cocktails Guide to the craft distilleries of Michigan Holland, Muskegon next on our tour of Michigan Craft Distilleries Distillery partners with breweries for "Beer City Whisky" release More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Capricor Therapeutics Inc (CAPR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Howard M. Lorber Sells 226,834 Shares of Vector Group Ltd (VGR) Stock DDR Corp (DDR) Major Shareholder Acquires $4,700,000.00 in Stock Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research L Brands Inc (LB) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc (SPU) Announces Earnings Results G4S plc (GFS) Insider Purchases £31,800 in Stock Corindus Vascular Robotics Inc (CVRS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Raschid Michael Abdullah Sells 90,000 Shares of Petards Group plc (PEG) Stock Short Interest in ArQule, Inc. (ARQL) Increases By 2.1% Strs Ohio Sells 3,400 Shares of DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Barton Investment Management Sells 500 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) Strs Ohio Has $1.174 Million Position in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Strs Ohio Sells 8,036 Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Position Held by Sapphire Star Partners LP United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Shell Asset Management Co. Invests $560,000 in Progress Software Co. (PRGS) First Community Bancshares Inc (FCBC) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Shell Asset Management Co. Lowers Position in Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (NYSE:AEM) (TSE:AEM) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Agnico-Eagle saw higher profits in the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings and sales for the quarter topped the respective Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company witnessed a modest increase in gold production and lower unit costs in the quarter. Agnico-Eagle has outperformed the Mining-Gold industry over a year. The company maintains a solid exploration budget and is reinvesting in its assets to expand output. It is making a good progress with its key growth projects and is also expanding mine life across a number of properties. The company's move to jointly acquire Osisko will also boost its production profile and improve cost structure. However, Agnico-Eagle is exposed to a volatile gold pricing environment. Moreover, lower expected production and higher anticipated costs may affect its performance in 2017. Its mines are also affected by geopolitical issues.” Several other brokerages also recently commented on AEM. Royal Bank of Canada raised their price objective on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from $58.00 to $63.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. TD Securities reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Barclays PLC reduced their price objective on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from $58.00 to $53.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $53.94. Agnico Eagle Mines (NYSE:AEM) opened at 49.53 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $11.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 55.03 and a beta of -0.51. Agnico Eagle Mines has a one year low of $35.05 and a one year high of $60.10. The company has a 50-day moving average of $45.84 and a 200-day moving average of $44.50. Agnico Eagle Mines (NYSE:AEM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The mining company reported $0.28 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.17. The company had revenue of $547.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $528.14 million. Agnico Eagle Mines had a net margin of 3.80% and a return on equity of 2.27%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.12 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Agnico Eagle Mines will post $0.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.81%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. Agnico Eagle Mines’s payout ratio is currently 88.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/agnico-eagle-mines-ltd-aem-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Cidel Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Agnico Eagle Mines during the third quarter valued at about $43,281,000. Allianz Asset Management AG acquired a new stake in Agnico Eagle Mines during the fourth quarter valued at about $402,000. FMR LLC increased its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 8.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 11,200,604 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $470,916,000 after buying an additional 874,108 shares during the last quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp increased its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 7.7% in the third quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp now owns 2,150,175 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $152,555,000 after buying an additional 153,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Aviva PLC increased its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 147,148 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $6,165,000 after buying an additional 9,045 shares during the last quarter. 61.32% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Agnico Eagle Mines Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a gold producer with mining operations in northwestern Quebec, northern Mexico, northern Finland and Nunavut and exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America and the United States. The Company operates through three business units. The Northern Business consists of its operations in Canada and Finland. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Agnico Eagle Mines (AEM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Presidio Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Presidio Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Crawford & Company (crd.b) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 23rd BlackRock MuniHolding Insured Investm (MFL) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.05 Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrstrctre (MFD) Receives News Impact Score of 0.36 Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Lantronix (LTRX) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Loxo Oncology (LOXO) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Wolfe Research Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Nice Ltd (NICE) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Hilliard Lyons Dillard's, Inc. (DDS) PT Lowered to $39.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Presidio Inc (PSDO) Price Target Lowered to $18.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Insider Selling: Amino Technologies Plc (AMO) Insider Sells £209,000 in Stock Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bank of Montreal Boosted by Analyst (BMO) Cormark Weighs in on Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CM) Cardiome Pharma Corp (COM) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.22) Per Share Painted Pony Petroleum Ltd (PPY) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for UFP Technologies, Inc. Raised by Taglich Brothers (UFPT) Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Eagle Point Credit Company Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ECC) Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Snap Inc (SNAP) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Presidio Inc (PSDO) Price Target Lowered to $18.00 at Royal Bank of Canada May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Presidio Inc (NASDAQ:PSDO) had its price objective trimmed by Royal Bank of Canada from $19.00 to $18.00 in a research report released on Friday. The firm currently has an outperform rating on the stock. PSDO has been the subject of several other reports. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on Presidio in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set an overweight rating and a $17.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on Presidio in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set a neutral rating and a $17.00 target price for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on Presidio in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set an outperform rating and a $18.00 target price for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Presidio in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set an overweight rating and a $18.00 target price for the company. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Presidio in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set an outperform rating for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $18.00. Shares of Presidio (NASDAQ:PSDO) opened at 13.11 on Friday. Presidio has a 12 month low of $12.88 and a 12 month high of $16.38. The company’s market capitalization is $943.12 million. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $14.25 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.25. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/presidio-inc-psdo-price-target-lowered-to-18-00-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In other Presidio news, Director Steven J. Lerner bought 10,000 shares of Presidio stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $14.00 per share, for a total transaction of $140,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at $140,000. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Hood River Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Presidio during the first quarter valued at approximately $10,418,000. Jennison Associates LLC acquired a new position in Presidio during the first quarter valued at approximately $15,357,000. Sei Investments Co. acquired a new position in Presidio during the first quarter valued at approximately $528,000. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Presidio during the first quarter valued at approximately $7,837,000. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. acquired a new position in Presidio during the first quarter valued at approximately $10,293,000. About Presidio Presidio, Inc is a United States-based company, which is an information technology (IT) solutions provider. The Company’s services include strategy and consulting, solutions design and deployment, managed services, asset maintenance and support, financing services, global services and carrier connectivity. Receive News & Ratings for Presidio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Presidio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Joshua v Klitschko Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Business Secrets of my success: Level39's Ben Brabyn Ben Brabyn Thursday 18 May 2017 12:12 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Ben Brabyn was in the Marines before launching a career in tech Press Image What do you do? I run Level39, which is a community of highly ambitious technology companies right at the heart of Canary Wharf. We’ve got just over 1000 people working for 200 companies tackling the billion-dollar problems of the financial services industry and cyber-security in particular. We’re not an accelerator, we’re here for the long term. We have companies who have been with us for years and we’re here to support them as they scale. We want to bring them closer to customers, but we’re also seeking to provide them with the best possible conditions to recruit, retain and develop staff, and make sure they have the infrastructure they need. How did you get here? I grew up on a farm, studied philosophy and literature and then became a Royal Marine Commando, a fantastic first job. Then I left the Marines and came to London to find out about the commercial world. I became a banker with JPMorgan and went off to New York, but it was the time the dotcom bubble was bursting. The day I joined the Commando training course in 1995 the first person I spoke to was a computer science prodigy called Matt Cooper whose father worked in the team with Tim Berners-Lee (inventor of the worldwide web).  Five years after that we met and came up with the idea for our first business, which was in fact the UK’s first crowdfunding business Bmycharity.com. We raised over £50 million for charities and sold it in 2010. After working for another start-up, I was approached by the then UKTI government agency to get involved with their venture-capital unit, and one of the organisations I regularly encouraged international investors to visit was Level39. After I left UKTI, they tapped me on the shoulder. What was your biggest setback?  Finding I had a tumour the size of my fist taking up 25% of the capacity of my skull and being told that if they didn’t take it out immediately I’d be dead within days. I had some mild but persistent headaches for three weeks. I dismissed them at first, as a temporary thing, but a brilliant German GP spotted that I was a little unsteady on my feet and decided that I needed a brain scan. It was a meningioma, and they said “the next symptom is going to be coma”. The recovery took up most of 2011. What did the marines teach you? It is such a formative experience in any person’s life. It’s a recurrent pattern in successful entrepreneurs. Look at the state of Israel, and the role of military veterans in the success of Silicon Valley. The military trains people to deal with many of the challenges that they face. The four Commando qualities etched on the soul of everyone who puts on the green beret are courage, unselfishness, determination and cheerfulness in adversity and I cannot think of a better manifesto for entrepreneurs. I’m hugely proud of my service in the marines and I was in Northern Ireland at a very interesting time. I played a modest part in the peace process. How do you handle your work/life balance?  I’m lucky enough to have work I love, and a family who support my commitment to it. I swim a mile every day to keep healthy and spend my spare time creating reckless scientific experiments with my children. What would you tell your younger self? With a military background you depend upon luck. You need humility and ambition. There’s a lesson which one of our instructors at the Commando Training Centre taught us just after we had passed one of the most physically demanding tests. He stood before us and said: “12 pence, gentlemen, 12 pence. That’s the cost of the bullet that will kill any one of us.” I’ve always remembered that. There’s no room for complacency and we mustn’t take our good fortune for granted. The things you can take control of are those commando qualities. Unselfishness, determination, courage and cheerfulness in adversity. More about: Business entrepreneur Technology Start-ups Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Finance Search Search FoodNew York City Food Chains Must Now Provide Calorie Counts on Prepared Items UberUber Threatens to Fire the Self-Driving Car Engineer at the Center of Its Trade Secrets Case BrazilBrazil’s Markets Plunge as Hush Money Scandal Threatens President Temer’s Reforms LGBTU.S. Judge Allows First Transgender Person to Sue Under the Disabilities Act Stocks The 21 Best Stocks to Buy Now—No Matter What Donald Trump Does Jen Wieczner May 18, 2017 What a difference a few months makes. When we last published an Investor’s Guide, in December, Donald Trump had just been elected and the Dow Jones industrial average had just passed 19,000. It hit 20,000 in January, and 21,000 a few weeks later, right before the bull market celebrated its eighth birthday in March. Today, the S&P 500 has already broken through the price targets many Wall Street firms had set for the end of this year. “The stock market went up. Interest rates went up. The dollar went up. Confidence, sentiment, all went up,” says Andy Goldberg, global head of client investment strategy for J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “There was this newfound optimism.” Of course, politics created that optimism—and what politics creates, it can destroy. As spring turns into summer, investors are coping with the realization that President Trump’s first 100 days have come and gone, and the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow known as tax cuts and regulatory reform seems as far away as it did before he took office, if not farther. Republican stumbles on Obama­care repeal-and-replace legislation and the chaos surrounding the Russian-­spying investigation have pushed economic policy to the margins and made bipartisan cooperation look ever less plausible. And the rally dubbed the Trump Bump has stalled. That poses a dilemma for investors, because many U.S. stocks—which already traded at historically high valuations before the election—are now priced as though tax reform and other elements of the GOP agenda were already a done deal. TIAA Investments’ Susan Hirsch, for one, bought financial stocks immediately after Trump was elected, but she’s already sold a couple. “Some of the ‘hope trade’ has been priced in,” she says. (For three bank stocks that are still worth buying, click here.) In health care and other industries, congressional policymaking is such a question mark that investors are leery. The common thread among the pros Fortune spoke with: They’re looking for companies that are fully in charge of their own growth, that don’t live or die by what happens in Washington. The good news is, the bottom lines of U.S. companies are set to grow more in 2017 than they have in years. Wall Street thinks S&P 500 earnings will increase 10% this year—and that’s without factoring in any tax reform. It helps that energy producers, whose plummeting profits recently dragged down overall growth, have slowly begun to recover. And if cuts do come, says Goldberg, earnings growth could be as high as double Wall Street’s consensus, topping 20%: “If [lawmakers] just lower the corporate tax rate a little bit, they’d be heroes to the market.” The market is also making heroes of its own, especially in technology. The Trump Bump happened so fast that few investors noticed a fundamental change in the fabric of the market. Since the beginning of the year, the ranks of the five most valuable American companies have turned over dramatically, and now consist solely of technology companies that didn’t exist 50 years ago. Electric-car upstart Tesla (tsla) is now worth more than General Motors (gm). And the maker of Snapchat (snap), a company running huge losses, went public in what looked to be one of the most expensive tech IPOs of all time. Not that it worries stock-picking pros much. “Today’s valuations are like if you’re driving 70 miles per hour in a 65-mile-per-hour zone,” Goldberg says. “You’re a little bit over, but you’re not going to get in trouble for that.” Click the links below to find 21 stocks and three funds that market-beating money managers still have high hopes for. Why Apple Is One of the 5 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Why Google and Amazon Top the List of the 6 Best Tech Stocks to Buy How to Invest In Bonds Even if Interest Rates Rise The 5 Best Stocks and ETFs to Invest in China and India Now The 3 Best Oil Stocks to Buy Right Now—Even if Energy Prices Fall The 3 Best Bank Stocks to Buy Now—Whether Tax Reform Happens or Not This article appears as part of the Midyear Investor's Guide package in the June 1, 2017 issue of Fortune. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Finance Search Search FoodNew York City Food Chains Must Now Provide Calorie Counts on Prepared Items UberUber Threatens to Fire the Self-Driving Car Engineer at the Center of Its Trade Secrets Case BrazilBrazil’s Markets Plunge as Hush Money Scandal Threatens President Temer’s Reforms LGBTU.S. Judge Allows First Transgender Person to Sue Under the Disabilities Act energy stocks The 3 Best Oil Stocks to Buy Right Now—Even If Energy Prices Fall Jen Wieczner May 18, 2017 Unlike tech, where money managers see virtually bottomless opportunities, the cyclical energy industry has been, well, rather dry lately. “You’ve got to pick your winners—it’s not a slam dunk as a full sector call,” says Kate Moore, BlackRock’s chief equity strategist. Case in point: Despite a growing economy and recovering profits, as of mid-May, not a single energy stock mutual fund in the U.S. had made money this year, according to Morningstar. That said, with oil production out of “glut” territory and the industry’s earnings poised for a bounce off recent lows, investors may be able to reap outsize returns. Energy companies’ results have beaten expectations by an average of 22% so far this year. That represents “a huge opportunity for energy right now,” says Andy Goldberg, global head of investment strategy for J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “The market is pricing in more bad news for the sector than actually exists.” Ankur Crawford, manager of the $5.4 billion Alger Spectra fund, owns Pioneer Natural Resources (pxd), which produces oil and natural gas at a lower break-even point than many of its peers. That means Pioneer can still be profitable as long as crude is selling for more than $40 per barrel. Pioneer has also pledged to retain more of its free cash flow, rather than spending it all and then some on capital expenditures and incurring debt that could sap future profits, as has been common in the industry. “They’re trying to be a little bit more rational and disciplined,” she says. Nicolas Rapp  Nicolas Rapp  Argentina’s state-owned energy producer, YPF (ypf), whose stock is also listed in the U.S., is finally offering foreign companies and investors more inviting terms to help it develop its shale reserves. “Until six months ago, nobody … could look at YPF and ascribe any real value to those reserves because the country was a pariah,” says Michael Kass, manager of the $3.3 billion Baron Emerging Markets fund. The recent moves, he says, could start a “virtuous cycle” of other reforms in Argentina. Susan Hirsch, portfolio manager of the TIAA-CREF Large-Cap Growth fund, prefers to get her exposure to the energy industry via a company that’s less sensitive to the ups and downs in oil prices. She likes IHS Markit (info), a London-based firm that provides business services to the energy industry, among others, and which is poised for a boost in business from oil and gas clients emerging from their slump.  PICKS: Pioneer Natural Resources (pxd) YPF (ypf) IHS Markit (info) This article is part of Fortune’s 2017 Midyear Investor’s Guide feature. For our picks in other sectors, click on the links below: Why Apple Is One of the 5 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Why Google and Amazon Top the List of the 6 Best Tech Stocks to Buy How to Invest In Bonds Even if Interest Rates Rise The 5 Best Stocks and ETFs to Invest in China and India Now The 3 Best Bank Stocks to Buy Now—Whether Tax Reform Happens or Not This article appears as part of the Midyear Investor's Guide package in the June 1, 2017 issue of Fortune. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Select Energy Services Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Select Energy Services Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen and Company Boosts Wingstop Inc (WING) Price Target to $36.00 Select Energy Services Inc (WTTR) Now Covered by Bank of America Corp Cowen and Company Boosts Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Price Target to $40.00 Bank of America Corp Boosts Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Price Target to $3.25 Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. Takes Position in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ledyard National Bank Raises Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Benin Management CORP Enercare Inc. (ECI) Downgraded by TD Securities TD Securities Boosts Dorel Industries Inc (DII.B) Price Target to C$37.00 TD Securities Trims Canacol Energy Ltd (CNE) Target Price to C$6.00 Cominar REIT (CUF.UN) PT Lowered to C$14.00 at CIBC Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp’s (CEU) Outperform Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Royal Bank of Canada Trims Cara Operations Ltd (CAO) Target Price to C$31.00 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Price Target to C$13.00 Select Energy Services Inc (WTTR) Now Covered by Bank of America Corp May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stock analysts at Bank of America Corp assumed coverage on shares of Select Energy Services Inc (NASDAQ:WTTR) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage set a “buy” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Bank of America Corp’s price target points to a potential upside of 29.20% from the company’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. FBR & Co started coverage on Select Energy Services in a research note on Tuesday. They set an “outperform” rating and a $23.00 price objective for the company. Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on Select Energy Services in a report on Tuesday. They issued a “buy” rating and a $19.00 target price for the company. Piper Jaffray Companies initiated coverage on Select Energy Services in a report on Tuesday. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $21.00 target price for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Select Energy Services in a report on Tuesday. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $16.00 target price for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $19.83. Select Energy Services (NASDAQ:WTTR) opened at 15.48 on Tuesday. Select Energy Services has a 52 week low of $14.00 and a 52 week high of $16.55. The stock’s market cap is $308.08 million. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Select Energy Services Inc (WTTR) Now Covered by Bank of America Corp” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/select-energy-services-inc-wttr-now-covered-by-bank-of-america-corp.html. About Select Energy Services Select Energy Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company is provider of total water solutions to the United States unconventional oil and gas industry. The Company is engaged in sourcing and transfer of water prior to its use in drilling and completion activities associated with hydraulic fracturing or fracking, which collectively referrd to as pre-frac water services. Receive News & Ratings for Select Energy Services Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Select Energy Services Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nike Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nike Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Costco Wholesale (COST) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Nike (NKE) Aegion Corp’s (AEGN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity AdvancePierre Foods Holdings Inc (APFH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) to Hold Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Research Coverage Started at Needham & Company LLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers AEterna Zentaris Inc. (AEZS) to Sell ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) PT Lowered to $96.00 at Barclays PLC Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) PT Lowered to $95.00 at Chardan Capital Maxim Group Reiterates “$13.00” Price Target for ADMA Biologics Inc (ADMA) Absolute Software (ALSWF) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Gierl Augustine Investment Management Inc Grassi Investment Management Increases Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Chemed Co. (CHE) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Increases Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Increases Stake in Caretrust REIT Inc (CTRE) Diodes Incorporated (DIOD) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Nike (NKE) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Nike (NYSE: NKE): 5/16/2017 – Nike is now covered by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They set a “buy” rating and a $70.00 price target on the stock. 5/15/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $75.00 price target on the stock. 5/15/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Nomura. 5/15/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Instinet. 5/5/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $75.00 price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Nike was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $58.44 price target on the stock. 4/22/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a $64.00 price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $62.00 price target on the stock. 4/17/2017 – Nike was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $58.44 price target on the stock. 4/10/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a $64.00 price target on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Nike had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $51.00 price target on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Nike had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Bank of America Corp. They now have a $46.00 price target on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Nike was given a new $55.00 price target on by analysts at Argus. 4/4/2017 – Nike was downgraded by analysts at Argus from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $55.56 price target on the stock, up previously from $55.25. 3/28/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a $51.00 price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Nike had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at B. Riley. They now have a $56.00 price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Nike was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $60.36 price target on the stock. 3/26/2017 – Nike was given a new $55.00 price target on by analysts at Forward View. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Nike had its price target raised by analysts at Citigroup Inc to $66.00. 3/23/2017 – Nike had its price target lowered by analysts at Robert W. Baird from $67.00 to $62.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at B. Riley. They now have a $56.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a $60.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a $51.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $61.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $63.24 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its price target raised by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from $61.00 to $62.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its price target lowered by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $68.00 to $66.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a $52.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its price target lowered by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from $66.00 to $64.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $75.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at MKM Partners. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Bank of America Corp. They now have a $46.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $51.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at FBR & Co. They now have a $53.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $54.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Instinet. They now have a $60.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $65.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Nike had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a $67.00 price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Nike had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus. They now have a $66.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $68.00. Shares of Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE) opened at 51.80 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $55.03 and its 200-day moving average price is $53.85. The firm has a market cap of $85.51 billion, a PE ratio of 21.61 and a beta of 0.44. Nike Inc has a 12 month low of $49.01 and a 12 month high of $60.33. Nike (NYSE:NKE) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The footwear maker reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.15. The firm had revenue of $8.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.47 billion. Nike had a return on equity of 31.70% and a net margin of 11.60%. Nike’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Nike Inc will post $2.40 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Monday, June 5th will be issued a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.39%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 1st. Nike’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.72%. In related news, Chairman Mark G. Parker sold 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.50, for a total value of $5,550,000.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 1,966,235 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $109,126,042.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Eric D. Sprunk sold 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $57.00, for a total value of $2,850,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 300,108 shares in the company, valued at approximately $17,106,156. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 379,000 shares of company stock worth $21,213,800 in the last three months. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. NIKE, Inc is engaged in the design, development, marketing and selling of athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services. The Company’s operating segments include North America, Western Europe, Central & Eastern Europe, Greater China, Japan and Emerging Markets. Its portfolio brands include the NIKE Brand, Jordan Brand, Hurley and Converse. Receive News & Ratings for Nike Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nike Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NEX Group PLC (NXG) Earns Under Review Rating from Liberum Capital Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Smith & Nephew plc’s (SN) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Eagle Capital Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Charter Trust Co. Sells 7,072 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Sold by Highland Capital Management LLC Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by SOL Capital Management CO Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,840 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) is Searle & CO.’s 2nd Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stake Boosted by Forte Capital LLC ADV Highland Capital Management LLC Has $6.64 Million Position in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Storm Resources Ltd (SRX) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given “Buy” Rating at Clarus Securities CIBC Boosts Spin Master Corp (TOY) Price Target to C$44.00 Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Price Target to C$3.50 Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Smith & Nephew plc’s (SN) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) in a research report sent to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. SN has been the topic of a number of other reports. HSBC Holdings plc restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,320 ($17.04) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Berenberg Bank restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,340 ($17.30) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 1,270 ($16.39) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Friday, May 5th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,200 ($15.49) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 1,260 ($16.26) target price on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Sunday, February 12th. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,279.58 ($16.52). Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) opened at 1325.00 on Monday. Smith & Nephew plc has a 52 week low of GBX 1,064.91 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,340.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 11.59 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,263.77 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,203.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Smith & Nephew plc’s (SN) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/smith-nephew-plcs-sn-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-morgan-stanley.html. In other news, insider Olivier Bohuon sold 8,031 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,222 ($15.77), for a total transaction of £98,138.82 ($126,679.77). About Smith & Nephew plc Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. Its products and services include Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopic Enabling Technologies (AET), Trauma & Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Knee Implants, Hip Implants, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Bioactives and Advanced Wound Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tui AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AC Immune Ltd (ACIU) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Atlantic Capital Bancshares Inc (ACBI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Victrex plc’s (VCT) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Unilever plc (ULVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,250 Tui AG (TUI) Earns Buy Rating from Shore Capital Snyder's-Lance Inc (LNCE) Short Interest Up 19.7% in April Micron Technology Sees Unusually High Options Volume (MU) NEX Group PLC (NXG) Earns Under Review Rating from Liberum Capital Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Smith & Nephew plc’s (SN) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Eagle Capital Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Charter Trust Co. Sells 7,072 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Sold by Highland Capital Management LLC Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by SOL Capital Management CO Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,840 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) is Searle & CO.’s 2nd Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Tui AG (TUI) Earns Buy Rating from Shore Capital May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Tui AG (LON:TUI) in a research report report published on Monday morning. TUI has been the subject of several other research reports. Panmure Gordon reaffirmed a sell rating and set a GBX 900 ($11.62) price target on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an underperform rating and set a GBX 1,040 ($13.42) price target on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on shares of Tui AG from GBX 1,170 ($15.10) to GBX 1,305 ($16.85) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,160.71 ($14.98). Tui AG (LON:TUI) opened at 1118.00 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,124.43 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,116.11. The company’s market cap is GBX 6.41 billion. Tui AG has a 12 month low of GBX 813.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,231.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/tui-ag-tui-earns-buy-rating-from-shore-capital.html. Tui AG Company Profile TUI AG is a Germany-based integrated tourism group that operates through five segments: Central Region, Western Region, Hotels and Resorts, Cruises and Other Tourism. The Central Region segment comprises the tour operators and airlines in Germany and tour operators in Austria, Poland and Switzerland. Receive News & Ratings for Tui AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Trump Turmoil Has Wall Street Cheerleaders Facing Hard Questions Bloomberg Dani Burger, Brian Chappatta and Nabila Ahmed 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL These 10 companies control everything you buy 15 Social Security scams you need to watch out for Click to expand Replay Video The FCC moved to undo net neutrality. So what's next? The Federal Communications Commission voted May 18 to begin undoing Obama-era Internet regulations that disallowed Internet providers from favoring or blocking websites. Here's what's next for the commission and your Internet. The Washington Post YouTube yet to win back key advertisers After offensive content drove some advertisers away, Barron's Next found that several have yet to return. The Wall Street Journal. Roger Ailes dead at 77 Fox News is confirming that former CEO Roger Ailes has passed away. CNBC's Julia Boorstin reports. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Stocks have worst day of 2017 CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next The FCC moved to undo net neutrality. So what's next? The Washington Post1:49 YouTube yet to win back key advertisers The Wall Street Journal.0:39 Roger Ailes dead at 77 CNBC0:52 Hong Kong car garage sells for record $3 billion Reuters1:21 Girl Scouts new CEO is a rocket scientist CNN Money0:58 Law that tried to stop revenue-motivated policing is struck down Newsy0:57 Would a Trump impeachment kill stocks? The Street1:09 Sesame Street and SeaWorld plan more joint parks Wochit Business0:32 Bitcoin isn't 100 percent secure — here's how to further hide your purchases Business Insider1:54 Will Trump's tax plan hurt the value of your home? Fox Business4:31 Children's plush toy recalled because of choking hazard Veuer0:52 Which airlines reward frequent fliers the most? The Wall Street Journal.2:45 Beyonce and Jay Z are officially a billion dollar couple CNBC1:16 Alex Jones apologizes to Chobani Veuer0:51 Startup delivers STD tests to your home CNN Money3:58 America's oil production confounds OPEC Reuters1:56 UP NEXT (Video by CNBC) Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 152.54 +2.29 +1.52% Goldman Sachs Group Inc GSPRA = 23.51 0.00 0.00% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 83.96 -0.31 -0.37% Deutsche Bank AG DB ▲ 18.68 +0.04 +0.21% AdChoices For the first time, a Wall Street that’s been giddy over Donald Trump is starting to ask some hard questions. From Day 1, markets have rallied, defying what many of the same Wall Street types said would be a disastrous election outcome. Since then, U.S. stocks have hit record after record, driving up shares of Goldman Sachs to JPMorgan Chase to Apple, as investors quickly focused on what his pro-business, tax-cutting agenda would mean for corporate profits. But the steady drumbeat of bad news may finally be taking its toll. On Wednesday, stocks tumbled, Treasuries soared and volatility came roaring back as a series of damaging revelations -- from Trump’s disclosure of classified information to Russian officials to reports that he pressed FBI Director James Comey to drop a probe into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn -- prompted many on Wall Street to wonder whether the turbulence that has shattered the market’s calm might be the start of something bigger. It’s also left many to ask whether the market was blinded by its own optimism over Trump’s business-friendly agenda. “Crazy times, huh?” said Matt Maley, an equity strategist at Miller Tabak & Co. “I’ve talked to a few personal friends and a few customers who I know are supportive of Trump that are saying, boy, this isn’t good.” Of course, financial markets are often punctuated by bouts of alarm that have unsettled traders during normal times. And up to now, it’s been easy to dismiss the president’s missteps as the price of electing an outsider. But now, the biggest question is whether Trump’s presidency is in trouble. Full screen 1/3 SLIDES   2/3 SLIDES   3/3 SLIDES © BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP/Getty Images/Getty Images   3/3 SLIDES For some of the world’s largest banks, Trump’s firing of Comey last week was a signal moment. At least two global firms have started mapping out how financial markets might react to an impeachment -- a scenario they still saw as improbable, according to people with knowledge of the matter, who declined to speak publicly because such deliberations are politically sensitive. While their work is just beginning and it’s too early to draw conclusions, the people said, it’s a telling sign of just how serious things have become. Load Error “The political risk has been upped here -- things sound more ominous and serious than a week ago,” said Gary Pollack, the head of fixed-income trading at Deutsche Bank AG’s Private Wealth Management unit. Much of the problem is how pervasively investors had tuned out Trump in the months before the latest scandal broke. The CBOE Volatility Index’s average level since December has been 25 percent below that of 2016 -- not exactly a turbulent year to begin with. Everything from Treasuries to currencies and stocks had been limping along without a care -- before Wednesday. “Markets are very blasé about political risk until the very last moment,” former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke said at the SkyBridge Alternatives Conference, known as SALT, in Las Vegas. “They go along until something happens that pulls the rug out from under their assumptions.” The S&P 500 Index, which set another all-time high just two days ago, was routed in the worst selloff in eight months, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s 372-point slide was its steepest since the election. The dollar fell a sixth day, while yields on 10-year Treasuries tumbled by the most since the day after the Brexit vote. Trump is facing the deepest crisis of his presidency after contents of a memo written by Comey surfaced Tuesday, alleging that the president asked him to drop an investigation of Flynn. That came after Trump disclosed highly classified intelligence to Russian officials in a meeting last week. “The market is running with politics,” said Bret Barker, who oversees U.S. fixed-income at TCW Group Inc., which manages $194 billion. “There’s just not much out there to change fundamentals right now.” A vacuum of catalysts faced anyone hoping the traditional saviors of markets would step up to calm things down. Earnings season is over, the next report on U.S. employment is 16 days away, and the Fed doesn’t meet again for a month. That’s potentially bad news for a stock market whose 10 percent rally since Election Day has pushed valuations to the highest levels since just after the dot-com bubble. The biggest beneficiaries of the Trump trade were bearing the brunt of the carnage on Wednesday. Exchange-traded funds tuned to stocks with the most sensitivity to market swings were having their worst day in two months. Bank shares in the S&P 500 plunged 3 percent, bringing the slide from a March 1 record to 8.6 percent. “That’s one of the problems with rather a quiet market that even a small ripple could look pretty big,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management. “Sometimes if it’s too quiet, people think things can only get worse.” (Add Dow industrial average’s selloff in 10th paragraph.) --With assistance from Katia Porzecanski Lu Wang Andrea Wong Lananh Nguyen and Oliver Renick To contact the reporters on this story: Dani Burger in New York at dburger7@bloomberg.net, Brian Chappatta in New York at bchappatta1@bloomberg.net, Nabila Ahmed in New York at nahmed54@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Jeremy Herron at jherron8@bloomberg.net, Michael Tsang, Chris Nagi ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fresnillo Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresnillo Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Egalet Corp (EGLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Gabelli Short Interest in First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Increases By 11.3% Ibstock plc (IBST) Earns Outperform Rating from BNP Paribas Fresnillo Plc (FRES) Now Covered by Analysts at BNP Paribas Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Innophos Holdings, Inc. (IPHS) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Has $2.814 Million Stake in Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Shares Sold by Willis Investment Counsel UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Cuts Stake in Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Dawson Geophysical Co (DWSN) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest Akari Therapeutics PLC (AKTX) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at William Blair Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Future plc (FUTR) ITV plc (ITV) Price Target Lowered to GBX 218 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Triton International Limited (TRTN) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Apple (AAPL) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Ulta Beauty (ULTA) Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Now Covered by Analysts at Argus Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Thomas Cook Group plc’s (TCG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Fresnillo Plc (FRES) Now Covered by Analysts at BNP Paribas May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas began coverage on shares of Fresnillo Plc (LON:FRES) in a note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage set a “neutral” rating and a GBX 1,500 ($19.36) price target on the stock. BNP Paribas’ target price would indicate a potential downside of 6.60% from the company’s previous close. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 1,500 ($19.36) price target on shares of Fresnillo Plc in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,830 ($23.62) price target on shares of Fresnillo Plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 1,650 ($21.30) price target on shares of Fresnillo Plc in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their price target on Fresnillo Plc from GBX 1,050 ($13.55) to GBX 1,100 ($14.20) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reduced their price target on Fresnillo Plc from GBX 1,150 ($14.84) to GBX 1,120 ($14.46) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Fresnillo Plc has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,434.50 ($18.52). Shares of Fresnillo Plc (LON:FRES) opened at 1583.32 on Thursday. The company’s market cap is GBX 11.67 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,525.51 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,424.08. Fresnillo Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 993.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 2,057.21. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a €0.22 ($0.24) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.17%. This is an increase from Fresnillo Plc’s previous dividend of $0.03. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/fresnillo-plc-fres-now-covered-by-analysts-at-bnp-paribas.html. About Fresnillo Plc Fresnillo plc is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in the mining and beneficiation of non-ferrous minerals, and the sale of related production. The primary contents of this production include silver, gold, lead and zinc. The Company has six operating mines: Fresnillo, located in the State of Zacatecas, which is primary silver mine; Saucito, located in the State of Zacatecas, an underground silver mine; Cienega, located in the State of Durango, an underground gold mine, including the San Ramon satellite mine; Herradura, located in the State of Sonora, a surface gold mine; Soledad-Dipolos mine, located in the State of Sonora, a surface gold mine, and Noche Buena, located in State of Sonora, a surface gold mine. Receive News & Ratings for Fresnillo Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresnillo Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Nasdaq suffers biggest daily drop in nearly a year, as fear gauge soars on Trump worries By Sue Chang and Sara Sjolin Published: May 17, 2017 4:59 p.m. ET Share Wall Street’s fear index spikes the most since Brexit Reuters FBI Director James Comey testifying to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on Russia in January. By SueChang Markets reporter SaraSjolin Markets reporter The Nasdaq on Wednesday saw its worst one-day decline since the day after U.K.’s vote to exit from the European Union rattled markets, as turmoil in Washington cast doubt on President Donald Trump’s pro-growth agenda that had helped to drive stocks to records. Tuesday’s selloff in the technology-laden benchmark, which has represented enthusiasm for assets perceived as risky, highlighted a broad market unraveling across much of the globe. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37%  and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.27%  had their worst sessions since Sept. 9. Political uncertainty sent the S&P 500 index down 43.64 points, or 1.8%, to 2,357.03. Financials, which had been among the biggest beneficiaries of Trump’s market-friendly agenda, were the biggest losers, down more than 3%. The Dow sank 372.82 points, or 1.8%, to finish at 20,606.93. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +0.67%  tanked 5.3% and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.37% skidded 3.8%. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.73% which closed at a record for a second session in a row on Tuesday, coughed up 158.63 points, or 2.6%, to end at 6,011.24. Small-capitalization stocks also suffered withering losses, with the Russell 2000 index RUT, +0.38%  falling 2.8% to 1,355.89, marking its worst single-session drop since Sept. 9 and its lowest closing level since April 13. Wall Street witnessed a “typical” flight to safety spurred on by fear, said Ian Winer, head of equities at Wedbush Securities. “On a fundamental level investors are constantly assessing the likelihood of tax reform and regulatory reform into the multiple they put on the market. Whenever more questions arise on timing of these policies, the market tends to sell off because we add risk,” he said. Also read: Bernanke: Always ‘puzzled’ by way markets ignore political risk until ‘last moment’ The CBOE Volatility Index VIX, -5.97% which measures implied volatility on the S&P 500 30 days in the future, spiked 46% to 15.59, its biggest daily climb since after Brexit, or Britain’s vote to exit from the EU, in June. “Investors are more nervous today than they were yesterday so you are seeing a big bid in the bond market. So funds are reducing equities slightly today and moving into safety,” Winer said. Uneasiness for global equities came after the New York Times reported that Trump in February asked then-director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey, to stop his investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The report also prompted some House Republicans to call for a further investigation and for the FBI to hand over documents related to communications between the president and Comey, whom Trump fired earlier this month. See: Sen. McCain says Trump’s problems are ‘reaching Watergate size’ “The big selloff in banking stocks suggests that the market now believes that no tax or regulatory reforms are coming,” said Michael Antonelli, equity sales trader at Robert W. Baird & Co. Read: How to tell if the tide has finally turned on this Trump rally Perceived haven assets rose, with gold GCM7, -0.18%  settling 1.8% higher at $1,258.70 an ounce. Demand for U.S. government bonds pushed the yield on the 10-year Treasury note to 2.22%, its lowest yield in about three weeks. “This isn’t about who is right or wrong; it is about a concern that a number of things could derail the future of economic growth that were not present a month ago. Whether it is oil prices, slowing inflationary growth, or a fear of ‘nothing done’ in Washington, investors are beginning to make some portfolio adjustments,” Kevin Giddis, head of fixed-income capital markets, said in a research note. Giddis expects investors to sell stocks and move to bonds for now although the shift isn’t likely to be significant unless there is further destabilizing news out of the nation’s capital. The Japanese yen USDJPY, -0.22% another asset investors typically turn to in times of stress, rose against the dollar, with the greenback buying ¥111.01, compared with ¥113.12 late Tuesday. The dollar also slumped against other major rivals. The ICE Dollar Index DXY, -0.17% which earlier fell to its lowest level since before the U.S. presidential election in November regained some ground to trade at 97.51. It hit an intraday low of 97.55. The probability of a Trump impeachment has gone up after the recent events, analysts noted, with bookmaker Paddy Power’s odds reflecting a 33% chance it could happen. An impeachment requires the backing of two-thirds of the Republican-controlled Senate. Read: Trump impeachment? Bookies odds increasingly point to an early exit Also read: Here’s why stocks could rally if Trump heads for the exit Stock movers: Retailer Target Corp. TGT, +1.44%  rose 0.9% after posting adjusted earnings that easily outstripped Wall Street’s expectations. Shares of Advanced Micro Devices Inc. AMD, +0.67%  slumped more than 12% after the chip maker late Tuesday laid out its new growth plans. Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc. RRGB, -0.42%  soared 23% after the restaurant chain late Tuesday reported better-than-expected first-quarter earnings and sales. Oil blues: Oil prices CLM7, +0.75%  rose 0.8% to settle at $49.07 a barrel, after trading as low as $48.03 earlier in the day. Read: Why Iran poses most ‘underappreciated’ upside to oil prices —Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 Ask Arora: How investors can avoid losing their shirt in the age of Trump ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX +8.69 +0.37% DJIA +56.09 +0.27% GS +1.44 +0.67% JPM -0.31 -0.37% COMP +43.89 +0.73% RUT +5.19 +0.38% VIX -0.93 -5.97% GCM7 -2.30 -0.18% USDJPY -0.24 -0.22% DXY -0.16 -0.17% TGT +0.79 +1.44% AMD +0.08 +0.67% RRGB -0.30 -0.42% CLM7 +0.37 +0.75% Show all references Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,355 High 2,376 Low 2,353 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,663.02 +56.09 (+0.27%) Volume 422.6M Open 20,580 High 20,759 Low 20,553 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $215.16 +1.44 (+0.67%) Volume 4.7M Open $214.00 High $217.61 Low $213.86 P/E Ratio 11.43 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 84.1B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $83.96 -0.31 (-0.37%) Volume 22.5M Open $84.07 High $84.80 Low $83.36 P/E Ratio 12.94 Div Yield 2.38 Market Cap 299.4B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) Volume 0 Open 5,998 High 6,073 Low 5,997 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Russell 2000 Index RssllTk US: RUT 1,361.08 +5.19 (+0.38%) Volume 0 Open 1,355 High 1,365 Low 1,351 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 14.66 -0.93 (-5.97%) Volume 0 Open 14.06 High 16.30 Low 14.03 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,250.50 -2.30 (-0.18%) Volume 40182 Open $1,247 High $1,252 Low $1,246 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 111.25 -0.24 (-0.22%) Volume 0 Open 111.49 High 111.60 Low 111.11 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.72 -0.16 (-0.17%) Volume 0 Open 97.85 High 97.85 Low 97.69 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.83 +0.79 (+1.44%) Volume 11.3M Open $55.25 High $56.11 Low $55.16 P/E Ratio 11.39 Div Yield 4.3 Market Cap 30.4B Advanced Micro Devices Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMD $11.28 +0.08 (+0.67%) Volume 85.2M Open $10.99 High $11.49 Low $10.81 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: RRGB $71.10 -0.30 (-0.42%) Volume 1.0M Open $71.65 High $72.60 Low $69.85 P/E Ratio 107.73 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 918.9M Crude Oil - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLM7 $49.72 +0.37 (+0.75%) Volume 9136 Open $49.28 High $49.88 Low $49.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cybg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cybg Plc (CYBG) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Panmure Gordon Cuts Centamin PLC (CEY) Price Target to GBX 202 Clarkson PLC (CKN) PT Raised to GBX 3,300 at Liberum Capital British American Tobacco plc’s (BATS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank Williams Capital Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arix Bioscience PLC (ARIX) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Reduce Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) RMR Group Inc (RMR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FBR & Co Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Price Target Increased to $22.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Sparton Co. (SPA) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Barclays PLC Oneok Partners’ (OKS) Hold Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.91 Per Share Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Heron Therapeutics’ (HRTX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial Cybg Plc (CYBG) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Numis Securities Ltd in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 210 ($2.71) target price on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price target points to a potential downside of 23.13% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.58) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price objective on Cybg Plc from GBX 300 ($3.87) to GBX 310 ($4.00) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Citigroup Inc restated a “sell” rating on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Panmure Gordon initiated coverage on Cybg Plc in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. They set a “sell” rating and a GBX 245 ($3.16) price objective for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.84) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 245.38 ($3.17). Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) opened at 271.30 on Tuesday. Cybg Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 203.70 and a 52-week high of GBX 306.90. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 282.09 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 279.60. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.39 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Cybg Plc (CYBG) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/cybg-plc-cybg-rating-reiterated-by-numis-securities-ltd.html. In other Cybg Plc news, insider David Duffy sold 54,374 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 264 ($3.41), for a total transaction of £143,547.36 ($185,294.13). About Cybg Plc CYBG PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which intends to be the holding company for CYB Investments Limited (CYBI) and Clydesdale Bank PLC (Clydesdale Bank). The Company will own National Australia Bank Limited’s Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank operations (the Clydesdale Bank business). Clydesdale Bank provides the United Kingdom retail and small and medium enterprises (SME) banking services. Receive News & Ratings for Cybg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Land Securities Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Apple (AAPL) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Ulta Beauty (ULTA) Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Now Covered by Analysts at Argus Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Thomas Cook Group plc’s (TCG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Peel Hunt Reaffirms Add Rating for Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Berendsen PLC’s (BRSN) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Decreased by Analyst ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cybg Plc (CYBG) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Panmure Gordon Cuts Centamin PLC (CEY) Price Target to GBX 202 Clarkson PLC (CKN) PT Raised to GBX 3,300 at Liberum Capital British American Tobacco plc’s (BATS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank Williams Capital Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arix Bioscience PLC (ARIX) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Reduce Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) RMR Group Inc (RMR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FBR & Co Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Price Target Increased to $22.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Peel Hunt Reaffirms Add Rating for Land Securities Group plc (LAND) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND)‘s stock had its “add” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Peel Hunt in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 1,150 ($14.84) target price on the stock. Peel Hunt’s target price indicates a potential upside of 2.95% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms also recently commented on LAND. Liberum Capital raised their target price on Land Securities Group plc from GBX 925 ($11.94) to GBX 950 ($12.26) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Canaccord Genuity downgraded Land Securities Group plc to a “hold” rating and cut their price target for the stock from GBX 1,115 ($14.39) to GBX 1,075 ($13.88) in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 950 ($12.26) price target on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 1,100 ($14.20) price target on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 1,250 ($16.14) price target on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,080.07 ($13.94). Shares of Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) opened at 1098.00 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,102.83 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,041.52. Land Securities Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 810.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,211.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 8.67 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 27th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be paid a GBX 11.70 ($0.15) dividend. This is an increase from Land Securities Group plc’s previous dividend of $8.95. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 22nd. This represents a yield of 1.05%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/peel-hunt-reaffirms-add-rating-for-land-securities-group-plc-land.html. In other news, insider Martin F. Greenslade bought 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 1,042 ($13.45) per share, with a total value of £62,520 ($80,702.21). Also, insider Nicholas Cadbury bought 1,900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 1,039 ($13.41) per share, with a total value of £19,741 ($25,482.12). Land Securities Group plc Company Profile Land Securities Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates through two segments: Retail Portfolio and the London Portfolio. The Company’s Retail Portfolio includes all the shopping centers and shops (excluding central London shops), hotels and leisure assets, and retail warehouse properties. Receive News & Ratings for Land Securities Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cybg Plc (CYBG) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Panmure Gordon Cuts Centamin PLC (CEY) Price Target to GBX 202 Clarkson PLC (CKN) PT Raised to GBX 3,300 at Liberum Capital British American Tobacco plc’s (BATS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank Williams Capital Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arix Bioscience PLC (ARIX) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Reduce Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) RMR Group Inc (RMR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FBR & Co Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Price Target Increased to $22.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Sparton Co. (SPA) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Barclays PLC Oneok Partners’ (OKS) Hold Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.91 Per Share Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Heron Therapeutics’ (HRTX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reissued their buy rating on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) in a research report report published on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The brokerage currently has a GBX 330 ($4.26) price objective on the stock. CTEC has been the subject of a number of other reports. HSBC Holdings plc started coverage on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a buy rating and a GBX 310 ($4.00) target price for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 305 ($3.94) target price on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 310 ($4.00) target price on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Peel Hunt reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.87) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 275 ($3.55) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 314 ($4.05). Shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) opened at 298.30 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5.74 billion. ConvaTec Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 213.00 and a one year high of GBX 312.90. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 290.80 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 254.86. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/convatec-group-plc-ctec-earns-buy-rating-from-deutsche-bank-ag.html. ConvaTec Group PLC Company Profile ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
TOPICS Environment Animal Welfare Climate Change/Air Quality Endangered Species & Wildlife Energy Policy Environment Environmental Justice Nuclear Waste Oceans Public Lands/Wilderness Rural/Farming Salmon Recovery Sustainable Agriculture Toxics Urban Planning/Transportation Waste Reduction/Recycling Water Health and Wellness Alcohol and Drug Abuse Prevention Disabilities Domestic Violence/Sexual Assault Health Issues HIV/AIDS Prevention Mental Health Smoking Prevention Teen Pregnancy Prevention Social Issues Arts & Culture Budget Policy & Priorities Campaign Finance Reform/Money in Pol Census Children's Issues Civic Engagement Civil Rights Community Issues and Volunteering Consumer Issues Criminal Justice Cultural Resources Early Childhood Education Education Family/Father Issues Gun Violence Prevention Housing/Homelessness Human Rights/Racial Justice Hunger/Food/Nutrition Immigrant Issues International Relief Juvenile Justice LGBTQIA Issues Livable Wages/Working Families Media Reform Native American Issues Peace Philanthropy Poverty Issues Senior Issues Social Justice Welfare Reform Women's Issues Youth Issues REGION Midwest Iowa Illinois Indiana Michigan Minnesota Missouri North Dakota Nebraska Ohio South Dakota Wisconsin Northeast Connecticut Massachusetts Maryland Maine New Hampshire New York Pennsylvania Southeast Arkansas Florida Kentucky North Carolina Tennessee Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona Colorado New Mexico Texas Utah Western California Idaho Montana Nevada Oregon Washington Wyoming ESPAÑOL SUPPORT NEWS LOGIN SUBSCRIBE Friday 19th of May 2017 Search Help Search Help SUBSCRIBE $25DONATE TOPICS Environment Animal Welfare Climate Change/Air Quality Endangered Species & Wildlife Energy Policy Environment Environmental Justice Nuclear Waste Oceans Public Lands/Wilderness Rural/Farming Salmon Recovery Sustainable Agriculture Toxics Urban Planning/Transportation Waste Reduction/Recycling Water Health and Wellness Alcohol and Drug Abuse Prevention Disabilities Domestic Violence/Sexual Assault Health Issues HIV/AIDS Prevention Mental Health Smoking Prevention Teen Pregnancy Prevention Social Issues Arts & Culture Budget Policy & Priorities Campaign Finance Reform/Money in Pol Census Children's Issues Civic Engagement Civil Rights Community Issues and Volunteering Consumer Issues Criminal Justice Cultural Resources Early Childhood Education Education Family/Father Issues Gun Violence Prevention Housing/Homelessness Human Rights/Racial Justice Hunger/Food/Nutrition Immigrant Issues International Relief Juvenile Justice LGBTQIA Issues Livable Wages/Working Families Media Reform Native American Issues Peace Philanthropy Poverty Issues Senior Issues Social Justice Welfare Reform Women's Issues Youth Issues REGION Midwest Iowa Illinois Indiana Michigan Minnesota Missouri North Dakota Nebraska Ohio South Dakota Wisconsin Northeast Connecticut Massachusetts Maryland Maine New Hampshire New York Pennsylvania Southeast Arkansas Florida Kentucky North Carolina Tennessee Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona Colorado New Mexico Texas Utah Western California Idaho Montana Nevada Oregon Washington Wyoming ESPAÑOL SUPPORT NEWS LOGIN SUBSCRIBE   Media outlets access enhanced multi-platform content at no charge, with alerts when we have new content on issues or from regions you may select. Once we receive the filled out form below, you'll receive a message with the passcode/s. Welcome! *These fields are required *Media Outlet name *Media Outlet City/State Contact name Contact phone *Email address or fax # *Media Outlet type Blog Online Only Print Primarily Radio Primarily Television Primarily Additional (beyond the state you are located in) content that you would like to receive Media Outlets - Sign Up Here Newscasts PNS Daily News - May 19, 2017  Here are the stories in our rundown today: the FCC voted to begin rolling back net neutrality rules; consumer groups are opposing what they call the “mother of all anti-regulation bills” in the U.S. Senate; and a new report finds the GOP health bill could be especially harmful for seniors and people with disabilities. Daily Newscasts Bill to Reduce Waiting Time At Polls Reintroduced Federal Probe Into Voter Fraud: Unnecessary? Report: Many TX Abortion Laws Not Based on Science or Medical Fact Government Watchdogs Call for Contracting Reform Scholar Calls Out Think Tank Report on Gender Identity Researchers: Fake News Not Swaying Elections Battle over Felony Voting Ban Heats Up in Nebraska Iowa Still One of Three States with Felony Voting Ban NC Church Leaders Among the Snubbed by Sen. Tillis Lawyers’ Group Prepared for May Day Protests Progressive Advocacy Group Plans to Shadow Sununu May Day Protest Plans Build Across NM Illinois Women to March on Springfield Bill to Reduce Waiting Time At Polls Reintroduced Fear of Deportation Leaves Many Colorado Kids Hungry Bill Aims to Improve "Shamefully Poor" Conditions in TX Nursing Homes Report: Out-of-State Group Bankrolls Attacks on CO Workers Mother's Day Health "Garden" Planted Opposing Health Bill Study: Equal Pay for Women Would Cut Colo. Poverty Rate in Half Report: Many TX Abortion Laws Not Based on Science or Medical Fact Bipartisan Prescription Could Help Keep CO Hospitals in Business Down to the Wire for BLM Methane-Rule Vote Battle Over Sanctuary City Ban Moves from TX Capitol to the Courts Tribal Groups Press U.S. Senate to Keep BLM Methane Waste Rule Researchers: Fake News Not Swaying Elections Vulnerable NM Families Could Lose Protection Under Financial CHOICE Act Bill to Reduce Waiting Time At Polls Reintroduced Single Payer Health Care Bill Passes Assembly NY Launches Methane Reduction Plan Ohio Minimum Wage Workers Cheated into Poverty, Report Says South Dakotans Gear Up for Friday's Bike-to-Work Day Bill Aims to Improve "Shamefully Poor" Conditions in TX Nursing Homes Fear of Deportation Leaves Many Colorado Kids Hungry Illinois Prison Suit Could Go to Trial Next Year Ore. Educators Watch Budget Negotiations on State, National Level Rally for Public Education Saturday: Investment, Resistance Report: "Extreme Maps" Give Unfair Political Advantage Con Man Turned Fraud Expert Offers Tips to Avoid Scams Report: Out-of-State Group Bankrolls Attacks on CO Workers Tweets by PNS_News Support our work. Get more headlines like this via email Economic Summit in CO Could Change Everything Brian Weinberg of the Capital Institute (bottom right) joined others at a summit in Boulder to brainstorm ways to establish a regenerative world economy. (Brett McPherson)May 18, 2017 BOULDER, Colo. — A three-day summit has just wrapped up in Boulder with what could be new benchmarks for transforming the entire global economy. The Regenerative Future Summit brought in top thinkers, economists, and sustainability experts to expand on the concepts of former JP Morgan Chase & Co. investment executive John Fullerton. Fullerton has said that after two decades working in finance, he realized the corporate system largely isn't working for humanity. Brian Weinberg is chief operating officer for Fullerton's now five-year-old endeavor, the Capital Institute - which he said aims to reconstruct the entire world economic model. "It's really the evolution of the sustainability movement,” Weinberg said; "which is not, you know, 'break even, do less bad,' but, 'Let's add value to the greater whole that we're all a part of.' And it's about systemic change." He said the concept known as regenerative capitalism is picking up momentum across the globe. Part of the conference goal was to test the new economic theory on a micro-level in localized regions such as the Front Range. A local-economy working group at the summit analyzed social, business and academic assets, as well as natural resources within the Rocky Mountain region. Weinberg was part of that group, and said they determined the area is especially qualified for the types of holistic changes the Regenerative Future Summit wants to try. "The Front Range is uniquely positioned to be a leader in this movement, given the geophysical environment of the Rocky Mountains meeting the Great Plains, and the culture of a love for nature and health, and also farming and agriculture,” he said. "Not to mention the deep and rich history around spirituality and consciousness." The local group adjourned with the framework for a case study to apply this holistic alternative to traditional capitalism in Boulder County, with hopes it would expand from there. More information on the mission of the movement is online at CapitalInstitute.org. Brett McPherson, Public News Service - CO Support our work. Get more headlines like this via email !!   About PNS Media Facts Support Us Contact Us PNS Employment Mission/History Editorial Policy Pitch Our Journalists Phone: 303.448.9105 Toll Free: 888.891.9416 Fax: 208.247.1830 Your trusted member and audience-supported news source since 1996 Copyright © 2016
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €185.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag adidas AG’s (ADS) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Zytronic PLC (ZYT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €34.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target at S&P Global Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Derwent London Plc (DLN) FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM) NOSTRUM OIL & G (NSTRY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) Short Interest Update SM Energy Co Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share (SM) SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest TheStreet Downgrades Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) to C+ Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Raised to B- at TheStreet Points International Ltd (PCOM) Raised to “C-” at TheStreet Nuvo Pharmaceuticals Inc (NRI) Raised to “Buy” at Bloom Burton Westport Fuel Systems Inc (WPT) Rating Reiterated by Craig Hallum Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target at S&P Global May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet S&P Global set a €180.00 ($197.80) price objective on Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) in a research report released on Friday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Commerzbank Ag set a €200.00 ($219.78) target price on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Barclays PLC set a €159.00 ($174.73) target price on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €185.00 ($203.30) target price on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €165.00 ($181.32) target price on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €199.00 ($218.68) target price on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €177.43 ($194.98). Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 170.30 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of €77.50 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.35. Allianz SE has a 1-year low of €118.40 and a 1-year high of €177.77. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €172.76 and a 200-day moving average price of €161.79. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target at S&P Global” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/allianz-se-alv-given-a-180-00-price-target-at-sp-global.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wizz Air Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wizz Air Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €185.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag adidas AG’s (ADS) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Zytronic PLC (ZYT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €34.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target at S&P Global Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Derwent London Plc (DLN) FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM) NOSTRUM OIL & G (NSTRY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) Short Interest Update SM Energy Co Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share (SM) SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest TheStreet Downgrades Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) to C+ Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Raised to B- at TheStreet Points International Ltd (PCOM) Raised to “C-” at TheStreet Nuvo Pharmaceuticals Inc (NRI) Raised to “Buy” at Bloom Burton Westport Fuel Systems Inc (WPT) Rating Reiterated by Craig Hallum Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC restated their equal weight rating on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) in a research note released on Monday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a GBX 1,820 ($23.49) target price on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on WIZZ. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,100 ($27.11) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Davy Research reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 1,800 ($23.23) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Panmure Gordon reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,300 ($29.69) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC from GBX 2,150 ($27.75) to GBX 1,975 ($25.49) and set an overweight rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, BNP Paribas started coverage on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a neutral rating and a GBX 1,700 ($21.94) price objective for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. Wizz Air Holdings PLC has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 1,916.50 ($24.74). Shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) opened at 1880.00 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.08 billion. Wizz Air Holdings PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 1,380.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 2,021.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,752.03 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,726.43. WARNING: “Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/wizz-air-holdings-plc-wizz-earns-equal-weight-rating-from-barclays-plc.html. In related news, insider Jozsef Varadi sold 300,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,700 ($21.94), for a total value of £5,100,000 ($6,583,193.49). Wizz Air Holdings PLC Company Profile Wizz Air Holdings Plc is a United Kingdom-based airline company. The Company provides low-cost air transportation services on scheduled short-haul and medium-haul point-to-point routes across Europe and into the Caucasus and the Middle East. It operates a fleet of approximately 60 Airbus A320 aircraft, and offers over 380 routes from 22 bases, connecting 112 destinations across 38 countries. Receive News & Ratings for Wizz Air Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wizz Air Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €185.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag adidas AG’s (ADS) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Zytronic PLC (ZYT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €34.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target at S&P Global Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Derwent London Plc (DLN) FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM) NOSTRUM OIL & G (NSTRY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) Short Interest Update SM Energy Co Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share (SM) SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest TheStreet Downgrades Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) to C+ Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Raised to B- at TheStreet Points International Ltd (PCOM) Raised to “C-” at TheStreet Nuvo Pharmaceuticals Inc (NRI) Raised to “Buy” at Bloom Burton Westport Fuel Systems Inc (WPT) Rating Reiterated by Craig Hallum Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag set a €200.00 ($219.78) price target on Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. ALV has been the subject of a number of other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €199.00 ($218.68) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €175.00 ($192.31) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €190.00 ($208.79) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Barclays PLC set a €150.00 ($164.84) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €185.00 ($203.30) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €177.43 ($194.98). Shares of Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 170.30 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of €77.50 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.35. Allianz SE has a 52 week low of €118.40 and a 52 week high of €177.77. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €172.76 and its 200 day moving average price is €161.79. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/allianz-se-alv-pt-set-at-200-00-by-commerzbank-ag-2.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Derwent London Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Derwent London Plc (DLN) FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM) NOSTRUM OIL & G (NSTRY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) Short Interest Update SM Energy Co Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share (SM) SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest TheStreet Downgrades Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) to C+ Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Raised to B- at TheStreet Points International Ltd (PCOM) Raised to “C-” at TheStreet Nuvo Pharmaceuticals Inc (NRI) Raised to “Buy” at Bloom Burton Westport Fuel Systems Inc (WPT) Rating Reiterated by Craig Hallum Mesabi Trust (MSB) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet Buffalo Wild Wings Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (BWLD) Morgan Stanley Downgrades Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) to Underweight Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Given “Neutral” Rating at Citigroup Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for UBM Plc (UBM) Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Renewi PLC (RWI) Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given a $16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) PT Set at $32.00 by Scotiabank Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Derwent London Plc (DLN) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Derwent London Plc (LON: DLN): 5/12/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 3,250 ($41.95) to GBX 3,266 ($42.16). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/11/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 3,420 ($44.15) price target on the stock. 5/11/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 2,575 ($33.24) price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its “top pick” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 3,600 ($46.47) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 3,500 ($45.18). 4/26/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 2,257 ($29.13) to GBX 2,500 ($32.27). They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Derwent London Plc was downgraded by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 3,250 ($41.95) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 3,200 ($41.31) price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Derwent London Plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 3,500 ($45.18) price target on the stock. Derwent London Plc (LON:DLN) opened at 2829.00 on Thursday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.15 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 2,896.40 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 2,668.82. Derwent London Plc has a one year low of GBX 2,230.00 and a one year high of GBX 3,507.80. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a GBX 90.50 ($1.17) dividend. This represents a yield of 3.21%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This is an increase from Derwent London Plc’s previous dividend of $13.86. In other Derwent London Plc news, insider Paul M. Williams sold 2,829 shares of Derwent London Plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 2,673 ($34.50), for a total value of £75,619.17 ($97,610.91). Derwent London plc is a United Kingdom-based real estate investment trust (REIT) operating in central London region. The Company owns and manages a portfolio of approximately 6.2 million square feet located in over 15 villages in London’s West End and City borders and focus on middle market rents. The Company’s property portfolio includes investment property, owner-occupied property and trading property. Receive News & Ratings for Derwent London Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gemfields PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gemfields PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM) NOSTRUM OIL & G (NSTRY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF (VEU) Short Interest Update SM Energy Co Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share (SM) SPDR S&P Retail (XRT) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest TheStreet Downgrades Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) to C+ Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Raised to B- at TheStreet Points International Ltd (PCOM) Raised to “C-” at TheStreet Nuvo Pharmaceuticals Inc (NRI) Raised to “Buy” at Bloom Burton Westport Fuel Systems Inc (WPT) Rating Reiterated by Craig Hallum Mesabi Trust (MSB) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet Buffalo Wild Wings Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (BWLD) Morgan Stanley Downgrades Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) to Underweight Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Given “Neutral” Rating at Citigroup Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for UBM Plc (UBM) Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Renewi PLC (RWI) Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given a $16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) PT Set at $32.00 by Scotiabank Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Initiates Coverage on Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet FinnCap reissued their corporate rating on shares of Gemfields PLC (LON:GEM) in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a GBX 95 ($1.23) price objective on the stock. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Peel Hunt decreased their price objective on shares of Gemfields PLC from GBX 93 ($1.20) to GBX 83 ($1.07) and set a buy rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Panmure Gordon restated an under review rating on shares of Gemfields PLC in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Macquarie raised their price objective on shares of Gemfields PLC from GBX 80 ($1.03) to GBX 90 ($1.16) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on shares of Gemfields PLC from GBX 53 ($0.68) to GBX 48 ($0.62) and set a neutral rating for the company in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 80 ($1.03) target price on shares of Gemfields PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 77.75 ($1.00). Gemfields PLC (LON:GEM) opened at 38.25 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 41.90 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 46.98. The firm’s market cap is GBX 208.82 million. Gemfields PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 31.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 57.50. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Gemfields PLC (GEM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/finncap-reaffirms-corporate-rating-for-gemfields-plc-gem.html. Gemfields PLC Company Profile Gemfields plc is a supplier of colored gemstones. The Company operates through five segments: Zambia, which includes emerald and beryl mining activities; Mozambique, which includes ruby and corundum mining activities; UK, which includes sales of cut and polished gemstones, marketing, technical and administrative services; Faberge, which includes wholesale and retail sales of jewelry and watches, and Other, which includes new projects and traded auctions. Receive News & Ratings for Gemfields PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gemfields PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rotork p.l.c. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Given “Neutral” Rating at Citigroup Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for UBM Plc (UBM) Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Renewi PLC (RWI) Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given a $16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) PT Set at $32.00 by Scotiabank Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Initiates Coverage on Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Given a $80.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Aurora Cannabis In (ACBFF) Given a $3.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for National Bank of Canada Raised by Cormark (NA) Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts Nova Measuring Instruments Ltd. (NVMI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Stock Rating Upgraded by Robert W. Baird SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG SunTrust Banks, Inc. Downgrades Forterra Inc (FRTA) to Hold Panmure Gordon Reiterates Buy Rating for Speedy Hire Plc (SDY) Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates “Buy” Rating for BTG plc (BTG) Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Trading Down 11.3% After Earnings Miss Sabre Corp (SABR) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Corecivic Inc (CXW) Trading Down 10.1% After Insider Selling Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Given “Neutral” Rating at Citigroup Inc May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by stock analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research note issued on Thursday. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on ROR. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on shares of Rotork p.l.c. from GBX 226 ($2.92) to GBX 255 ($3.29) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.61) price objective on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 265 ($3.42) price objective on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Peel Hunt dropped their price objective on shares of Rotork p.l.c. from GBX 265 ($3.42) to GBX 260 ($3.36) and set an “add” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 229.44 ($2.96). Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) opened at 235.30 on Thursday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 2.04 billion. Rotork p.l.c. has a one year low of GBX 173.97 and a one year high of GBX 269.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 246.73 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 243.83. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were issued a GBX 3.15 ($0.04) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 6th. This is a positive change from Rotork p.l.c.’s previous dividend of $1.95. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/rotork-p-l-c-ror-given-neutral-rating-at-citigroup-inc.html. In other Rotork p.l.c. news, insider Stephen Rhys Jones sold 4,821 shares of Rotork p.l.c. stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 247 ($3.19), for a total value of £11,907.87 ($15,370.94). Rotork p.l.c. Company Profile Rotork Plc is a United Kingdom-based actuator manufacturer and flow control company. The Company operates through four segments: Controls, Fluid Systems, Gears and Instruments. The Controls segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of electric actuators. The Fluid Systems segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of pneumatic and hydraulic actuators. Receive News & Ratings for Rotork p.l.c. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €87.00 Price Target at Societe Generale Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €128.00 Price Target by DZ Bank AG Analysts Warburg Research Analysts Give Merck KGaA (MRK) a €116.00 Price Target Baader Bank Analysts Give Siemens AG (SIE) a €140.00 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Downgrades MaxLinear, Inc. (MXL) to Hold Shore Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Serco Group plc (SRP) AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Hits New 1-Year Low After Insider Selling Short Interest in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Rises By 11.0% Nord/LB Analysts Give RTL Group S.A. (RTL) a €84.00 Price Target ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €17.20 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €34.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Berenberg Bank Reiterates €42.00 Price Target for Salzgitter AG (SZG) RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Axa SA (CS) Given a €25.20 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €37.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Innocoll Holdings PLC (INNL) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Victrex plc (VCT) PT Raised to GBX 2,000 Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €128.00 Price Target by DZ Bank AG Analysts May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet DZ Bank AG set a €128.00 ($140.66) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) in a report released on Friday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on HEN3. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($115.38) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €110.00 ($120.88) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC set a €108.00 ($118.68) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Commerzbank Ag set a €136.00 ($149.45) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €112.00 ($123.08) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €125.33 ($137.72). Shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 123.765 on Friday. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52-week low of €96.00 and a 52-week high of €127.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €123.25 and a 200 day moving average price of €116.47. The stock has a market cap of €53.75 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.183. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €128.00 Price Target by DZ Bank AG Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/henkel-ag-128-00-price-target-by-dz-bank-ag-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Match Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Match Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Square Inc (SQ) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Todd Asset Management LLC Takes Position in adidas AG (ADDYY) Match Group Inc (MTCH) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Roche Holding Ltd. (RHHBY) Shares Bought by Todd Asset Management LLC Groesbeck Investment Management Corp NJ Buys 1,277 Shares of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc. (SKT) Shares Sold by RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC Sells 55,445 Shares of Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Lingohr & Partner Asset Management GmbH Has $613,000 Stake in Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. Holds Stake in Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Position Reduced by RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC Investors Sell Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) on Strength After Insider Selling Martingale Asset Management L P Has $21.029 Million Stake in Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Jensen Investment Management Inc. Boosts Stake in J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Great Lakes Advisors LLC Increases Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Great Lakes Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Martingale Asset Management L P Purchases 86,527 Shares of PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Great Lakes Advisors LLC Sells 3,081 Shares of Bruker Co. (BRKR) Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Share Price Match Group Inc (MTCH) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Match Group Inc (NASDAQ:MTCH) was upgraded by research analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm presently has a $21.09 price target on the technology company’s stock. Vetr‘s target price suggests a potential upside of 13.27% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research firms have also issued reports on MTCH. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Match Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Guggenheim lowered Match Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Aegis lifted their target price on Match Group from $20.00 to $22.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Match Group from $21.00 to $23.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and set a $22.00 price target on shares of Match Group in a research note on Monday, April 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Match Group presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $20.47. Match Group (NASDAQ:MTCH) traded down 4.90% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $18.62. 1,693,595 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $4.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.87 and a beta of 0.86. Match Group has a 52-week low of $13.07 and a 52-week high of $20.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $18.07 and a 200-day moving average of $17.49. Match Group (NASDAQ:MTCH) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The technology company reported $0.12 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.01. Match Group had a net margin of 14.02% and a return on equity of 47.04%. The firm had revenue of $298.76 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $314.94 million. Equities analysts predict that Match Group will post $0.88 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/match-group-inc-mtch-raised-to-strong-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. In other news, insider Amarnath Thombre sold 300,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.26, for a total value of $5,778,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 197,640 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,806,546.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 19.90% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Match Group by 17.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,357,285 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $87,484,000 after buying an additional 802,377 shares during the period. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its position in Match Group by 58.6% in the first quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 4,911,935 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $80,801,000 after buying an additional 1,815,822 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Match Group by 47.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,650,419 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $75,941,000 after buying an additional 1,488,472 shares during the last quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. raised its position in Match Group by 182.8% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 1,598,435 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $27,334,000 after buying an additional 1,033,188 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Alkeon Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Match Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $17,060,000. 17.21% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Match Group Company Profile Match Group, Inc, incorporated on February 13, 2009, is a provider of dating products. The Company operates in the Dating segment. The Dating segment consists of all of its dating businesses across the globe. As of March 31, 2017, the Company operated a portfolio of over 45 brands, including Match, Tinder, PlentyOfFish, Meetic, OkCupid, Pairs, Twoo, OurTime, BlackPeopleMeet and LoveScout24, each designed to manage its users’ likelihood of finding a romantic connection. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Match Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Match Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CVR Refining LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CVR Refining (CVRR) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.34 Legg Mason (LM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Corning (GLW) Share Price Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports CONMED (CNMD) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.35 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Share Price Duff & Phelps Utility & Corp Bond Trust (DUC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Giovanni M. Colella Sells 3,793 Shares of Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Stock Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) SVP Thomas J. Mielke Sells 20,108 Shares MRC Global Inc (MRC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Xactly Corp (XTLY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Friedberg Investment Management Decreases Stake in Orchids Paper Products Company (TIS) Friedberg Investment Management Sells 5,260 Shares of Core Laboratories (CLB) NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Shares Bought by Friedberg Investment Management Friedberg Investment Management Has $575,000 Stake in RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Friedberg Investment Management Has $1.725 Million Position in SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Buys 30 Shares of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Shares Bought by Baird Financial Group Inc. BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Bought by Baird Financial Group Inc. Baird Financial Group Inc. Reduces Position in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) CVR Refining (CVRR) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.34 May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) have been trending positive on Wednesday, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research firm, a division of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. CVR Refining earned a coverage optimism score of 0.34 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news coverage about the oil and gas company an impact score of 40 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the media stories that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Cvr Refining LP (CVRR) Indicators in Focus – Stock Daily Review (stockdailyreview.com) The CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Position Cut by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC – BangaloreWeekly (bangaloreweekly.com) CVR Refining, LP (NYSE:CVRR) Technicals at a Glance – JCTY News (jctynews.com) CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages (americanbankingnews.com) CVR Refining (CVRR) Run Higher on Strong Earnings Estimate … – Nasdaq (nasdaq.com) A number of research analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of CVR Refining from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. TheStreet raised shares of CVR Refining from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of CVR Refining from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $12.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their target price on shares of CVR Refining from $15.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of CVR Refining from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $12.50 to $11.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.13. CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) traded down 1.00% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $9.90. 501,814 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. CVR Refining has a 1-year low of $5.50 and a 1-year high of $12.55. The stock has a market cap of $1.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 9.72 and a beta of 1.34. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $9.58 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.83. CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.42. CVR Refining had a negative net margin of 2.34% and a negative return on equity of 7.55%. The company had revenue of $1.42 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.25 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.46) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 70.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that CVR Refining will post $0.96 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/cvr-refining-cvrr-receives-daily-news-impact-rating-of-0-34.html. CVR Refining Company Profile CVR Refining, LP is an independent downstream energy limited partnership with refining and related logistics assets that operates in the mid-continent region. The Company is a petroleum refiner. It owned and operated a complex full coking medium-sour crude oil refinery in Coffeyville, Kansas with a rated capacity of 115,000 barrels per calendar day (bpcd) and a complex crude oil refinery in Wynnewood, Oklahoma with a rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd capable of processing 20,000 bpcd of light sour crude oils (within its rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd), as of December 31, 2016. Receive News & Ratings for CVR Refining LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Regions Financial Corp (RF) Getting Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Ignyta (RXDX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows SAP SE (SAP) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Spectra Energy Corp. (SE) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Director John Ranelli Sells 6,825 Shares Insider Selling: Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) EVP Sells 8,025 Shares of Stock Barbara J. Rechterman Sells 17,500 Shares of Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Stock Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Has $1.128 Million Position in SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Oxford Asset Management Sells 92,181 Shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM) Oxford Asset Management Increases Position in Masimo Co. (MASI) CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSGS) Shares Bought by Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Decreases Stake in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Sells 8,950 Shares of The Valspar Corp (VAL) First National Trust Co. Lowers Position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) 7,950 Shares in Gigamon Inc (GIMO) Acquired by Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC Invests $332,000 in FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Increases Position in Orange SA (ORAN) Brown Capital Management LLC Has $214,000 Stake in Trimble Inc (TRMB) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) have been trending somewhat positive this week, Alpha One reports. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals earned a news impact score of 0.20 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news stories about the biopharmaceutical company an impact score of 82 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the news stories that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: Vetr Inc. Lowers Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) to Strong Sell (americanbankingnews.com) Michael S. Brown Sells 3,000 Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Stock (americanbankingnews.com) Morse Asset Management Inc Acquires New Stake in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals In.. (4-traders.com) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:REGN): Members At Traders Insights Making Huge Money On Call options (marketnewscall.com) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:REGN): That’s How Our Members A Hefty 60% Profit In Just One Session (marketnewscall.com) REGN has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. initiated coverage on Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in a report on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Vetr lowered Regeneron Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $368.84 price target on the stock. in a research report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $440.00 price target on Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 22nd. Leerink Swann set a $448.00 price target on Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $450.00 price target on Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $432.21. Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) traded down 1.77% on Wednesday, reaching $446.72. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 750,078 shares. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $325.35 and a 12-month high of $458.58. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $396.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $380.33. The company has a market cap of $47.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 54.08 and a beta of 1.44. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $2.92 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.50 by $0.42. The business had revenue of $1.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.30 billion. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals had a return on equity of 22.51% and a net margin of 18.10%. The business’s revenue was up 9.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $2.57 EPS. Analysts forecast that Regeneron Pharmaceuticals will post $12.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Regeneron Pharmaceuticals news, Director Michael S. Brown sold 3,000 shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $450.00, for a total transaction of $1,350,000.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 3,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,350,000. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Michael S. Brown sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $400.00, for a total value of $400,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at $400,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 10.40% of the company’s stock. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/regeneron-pharmaceuticals-regn-receiving-somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-analysis-shows.html. About Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, invents, develops, manufactures and commercializes medicines for the treatment of serious medical conditions. The Company commercializes medicines for eye diseases, high low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and an inflammatory condition and have product candidates in development in other areas, including rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, atopic dermatitis, pain, cancer, and infectious diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endo International plc - - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Endo International plc -‘s (ENDP) Hold Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Buys 1,806 Shares of Flowserve Corp (FLS) Xerox Corp (XRX) Shares Sold by Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Boosts Stake in MEDNAX Inc (MD) Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC Has $174,000 Stake in Westmoreland Coal Company (WLB) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Reduces Position in Middleby Corp (MIDD) Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Position Boosted by Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC 7,700 Shares in PVH Corp (PVH) Acquired by Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Zafgen Inc (ZFGN) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Decreases Position in PVH Corp (PVH) Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Takes Position in GGP Inc (GGP) Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Shares Sold by Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC Buys New Position in BioTime, Inc. (BTX) Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC Invests $424,000 in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Sangamo Therapeutics (SGMO) Share Price Insider Buying: Unilever plc (ULVR) Insider Purchases £122.37 in Stock Insider Buying: Time Inc (TIME) Director Acquires $12,930.00 in Stock Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.19 Semtech (SMTC) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Sundance Energy Australia (SNDE) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Endo International plc -‘s (ENDP) Hold Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets May 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by investment analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a report issued on Wednesday. They presently have a $16.00 target price on the stock. BMO Capital Markets’ target price would suggest a potential upside of 27.80% from the company’s current price. ENDP has been the topic of a number of other reports. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc raised shares of Endo International plc – from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Endo International plc – from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 price objective on shares of Endo International plc – in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $12.00 price objective on shares of Endo International plc – and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Mizuho raised their price objective on shares of Endo International plc – to $17.00 in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Thirteen analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.80. Shares of Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) traded down 5.37% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $12.52. 5,746,853 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $2.79 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $11.48 and a 200-day moving average of $13.43. Endo International plc – has a 12 month low of $9.70 and a 12 month high of $24.93. Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $1.23 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.10 by $0.13. Endo International plc – had a negative net margin of 3.32% and a positive return on equity of 15.95%. The firm had revenue of $1.04 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.02 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.08 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Endo International plc – will post $3.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Endo International plc -‘s (ENDP) Hold Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/17/endo-international-plc-s-endp-hold-rating-reiterated-at-bmo-capital-markets.html. In other news, Director Nancy J. Hutson sold 5,325 shares of Endo International plc – stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.82, for a total value of $57,616.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. 0.70% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Tamarack Advisers LP purchased a new position in shares of Endo International plc – during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,520,000. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 1.1% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 425,759 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,579,000 after buying an additional 4,544 shares in the last quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 333.6% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 20,412 shares of the company’s stock valued at $411,000 after buying an additional 15,704 shares in the last quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 17.7% in the third quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. now owns 778,863 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,694,000 after buying an additional 116,899 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Cognios Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of Endo International plc – during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,273,000. 95.50% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Endo International plc – Endo International PLC, formerly Endo Health Solutions Inc is a specialty healthcare solutions company focused on branded and generic pharmaceuticals, devices and services. The Company has a portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals that includes brands, such as Lidoderm, Opana ER, Voltaren Gel, Percocet, Frova, Supprelin LA, Vantas, Valstar and Fortesta Gel. Receive News & Ratings for Endo International plc - Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Opinion Sebi hauling up Crisil and CARE in the Amtek case is good regulation of ratings agencies Sebi hauling up Crisil and CARE in the Amtek case is good regulation of ratings agencies While CARE failed to warn the market sufficiently ahead of time about Amtek’s position, and suspended its rating abruptly—before suspension, it had given Amtek a AA- rating. By: The Financial Express | Published: May 18, 2017 6:16 AM Between September 1 and 29, Crisil brought down its rating by eight notches before announcing withdrawal of ratings on October 15. (PTI) Given how badly CARE Ratings and Crisil failed to monitor the quality of Amtek Auto’s bonds and the quality of JP Morgan’s bond fund’s holdings, respectively—and brought on a redemption crisis in August 2015 when Amtek Auto was on the verge of defaulting on Rs 800 crore of bond repayments—market watchdog Sebi has rightly hauled them up. While CARE failed to warn the market sufficiently ahead of time about Amtek’s position, and suspended its rating abruptly—before suspension, it had given Amtek a AA- rating, which hid its inability to service financial obligations on time—Crisil didn’t give adequate consideration to information in the public domain about the Amtek bonds that the JP Morgan MF held. So, when it assessed the JP Morgan schemes investing in low-credit-rated paper, it gave the schemes the highest portfolio credit quality rating. Between September 1 and 29, Crisil brought down its rating by eight notches before announcing withdrawal of ratings on October 15. It was as if Amtek paper became junk overnight, and this would have seriously hurt buyers and investors in the JP Morgan fund. Similar laxity on the part of reviewers in the US helped precipitate the 2008 financial crisis. The role of the Big Three—Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s—has come under legal scrutiny in both the US and Europe. Indeed, Moody’s , earlier this year agreed to pay $864 million as penalty for its shoddy rating of mortgage securities in the US, while S&P had to pay $1.375 billion after the US launched a $5-billion suit against it. Though the US government has moved to repeal the 2010 Dodd-Frank legislation that gave more teeth to ratings’ regulation, faulty assessment of risk associated with debt securities needs to be taken seriously. No Comments. Don't Miss Kulbhushan Jadhav case: India scores moral victory, Pakistan exposed - 10 developments since ICJ order Modi's oil champions IOC, HPCL, ONGC on track to match $16 bn spending AAP crisis: Kapil Mishra exposes Arvind Kejriwal’s ‘Hawala’ link, says Delhi CM tweeted fake video GST Council meet: Heavy bikes, yachts, private jets to attract 31 per cent tax GST rate: New tax to reduce prices of most goods, from milk, coal to FMCG goods Will L-G nod to DDA's land pooling policy change the dynamics of Gurgaon and Noida's residential markets? ED files PMLA case against Karti Chidambaram, INX media, Peter and Indrani Mukerjea Coal scam case: Ex-Coal Secretary HC Gupta, Joint Secretary KS Kropha, KSSPL MD PK Ahluwalia found guilty of criminal conspiracy TMC MP Sudip Bandopadhyay granted bail by Orissa High Court WannaCry ransomware: India Inc fears fire over cyber crime; just 200 insurance policies sold in 5 years Business Gallery Goa bridge collapse: Victims watching suicide bid fall into river Keam result 2017: Entrance Examination results likely today, visit cee.kerala.gov.in for updates Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos World’s largest cargo ship ever at 400 meters, ‘MOL Triumph’ docks at England’s Southampton CBSE 10th, 12th Class Results 2017: How to access CBSE result Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News कपिल मिश्रा का एक और खुलासा, कहा- मेरे हाथ में है अरविंद केजरीवाल का कॉलर, मेरी हत्या भी हो सकती है 1.86 लाख करोड़ के कोयला घोटाले में पूर्व कोल सेक्रेटरी एचसी गुप्ता, पूर्व जॉइंट सेक्रेटरी केएस क्रोफा दोषी करार कुलभूषण जाधव को मार चुका है पाकिस्तान- भारतीय रक्षा विशेषज्ञ ने जताया शक Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Fine Gael leadership Home»Business Standard Life likely to pick Dublin after Brexit Thursday, May 18, 2017 Insurer and asset manager Standard Life is likely to choose Dublin as the base for its EU subsidiary after the UK leaves the bloc, its chairman said. Standard Life already has an operation in Dublin and is unusual among British life insurers in having thousands of customers in the EU. Standard Life’s choice comes after high-profile insurers AIG and Lloyd’s of London picked Luxembourg and Brussels for their new bases. Standard Life shareholders will vote next month on the firm’s £11bn (€12.8bn) merger with rival Scottish fund firm Aberdeen Asset Management. Dublin, which got approval from Wall Street investment banking giant JPMorgan, could also secure the EU offices of Morgan Stanley and Bank of America, the Irish Examiner has reported. BNP Paribas may move up to 300 London staff due to Brexit, depending on how clients adapt, a source told Reuters. The UK’s vote to leave the EU has forced global banks to examine where to move, given they expect to lose the necessary ‘passporting’ licence to operate across the EU. BNP Paribas, which declined to comment on its plans, had 3,123 staff in its corporate and institutional bank in the UK at the end of 2016. Credit Agricole, France’s third-biggest listed bank, has said it could move about 100 of its 1,000 employees based in its London hub to France. And Deutsche Bank has said it may have to move up to 4,000 jobs out. In London, a growing number of unoccupied older properties caused the overall office vacancy rate to climb to 5.8% at the end of the first quarter from 3.9% a year earlier, according to data compiled by Deloitte. That was the biggest increase since 2009. n Reuters, Bloomberg and Irish Examiner READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS brexit © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Huge task for Irish firms to cut their British market ties Retirement talk takes back seat as Taoiseach attends Brexit seminar Donation used to fund pro-Brexit campaign raised legitmately, DUP says Ireland sets out its stall to tap financial jobs from Brexit More in this Section Aryzta picks DAA boss Kevin Toland for CEO position Soccer pundits Liam Brady, Mark Lawrenson and Andy Townsend score benefits Dermot Desmond sells stake in plastics firm One51 Market jitters rise over €3bn AIB shares sale Breaking Stories Government suffers embarrassment over Dáil vote on AIB shares Ransomware attack a wake-up call, says cyber security firm creating 120 jobs in Belfast Retirement talk takes back seat as Taoiseach attends Brexit seminar Facebook fined €110m over user data claim in WhatsApp takeover Lifestyle If aliens exist we might not be smart enough to find them Ask Audrey: You won’t miss $300, it’s not like you are from Turners Cross Twin Peaks: It is happening again Will banning of bad language be a curse for pubs? More From The Irish Examiner Foil Arms and Hog are anyone who has done the Leaving Cert Chelsea Manning reveals new look following prison release Time Magazine takes its hardest swing at Donald Trump's presidency VIDEO: Honeymoon couple take a dream road-trip along Ireland's Wild Atlantic Way Dan Snow's grisly history tales suggest Donald Trump might not be the worst-treated politician ever Ireland’s first Doggy Diner is now open in Dublin Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11 32 39 41 42 44 9 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Cork scientists link gut bacteria to anxiety disorders Ugly clashes overshadow Kerry victory over Cork Tourist carriage teeters over edge of cliff on the Lakes of Killarney Credit union sacking over lost €200k Man rushed to hospital after serious accident on Cork to Kerry road Owen Mulligan: I didn’t deserve third medal Cork credit union sacking over lost €200k; Gardaí investigating Looking into your eyes for a view of your health LUNCHTIME BULLETIN: Cork Credit Union sacking; tourists narrowly avoid tragedy in Kerry ‘When I turned pro, I was miles away from the required standard’ NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Cork Airport boss: ‘New York flights will happen’ SPORT JOHN FOGARTY: ‘Mill at the Hill’ came back to haunt Mayo New-look Leinster looks to show they’re better than before LIFESTYLE Top 8 pesto sauces tested Early arrival: The medical developments giving life to premature babies     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pacer Advisors Inc. Acquires 4,200 Shares of SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) CDW Corp (CDW) Position Boosted by Pacer Advisors Inc. The Valspar Corp (VAL) Position Raised by Pacer Advisors Inc. 10,360 Shares in First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Acquired by Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Belden Inc. (BDC) Position Boosted by Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Acquires New Position in USG Co. (USG) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in AEGON (AEG) Syngenta AG (SYT) Position Increased by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Moshe Gavrielov Sells 600 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stock Jonathan D. Porter Sells 300 Shares of athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Stock Bruno P. Geremia Acquires 4,400 Shares of Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Stock Jeffrey Gough Buys 3,400 Shares of SunOpta, Inc. (SOY) Stock Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) Insider Cory Wade Neufeld Acquires 1,000 Shares Amerigo Resources LTD (ARG) Insider Nauman (Nick) Toor Buys 44,500 Shares of Stock Mason Street Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Mason Street Advisors LLC Acquires 1,523 Shares of Aecom (ACM) 65,508 Shares in HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Acquired by Messner & Smith Theme Value Investment Management Ltd. CA Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Shares Sold by Mason Street Advisors LLC Belden Inc. (BDC) Position Boosted by Greenwood Capital Associates LLC May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Greenwood Capital Associates LLC increased its stake in Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) by 5.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,975 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 149 shares during the period. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC’s holdings in Belden were worth $206,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. bought a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at $105,000. James Investment Research Inc. bought a new stake in Belden during the first quarter valued at $130,000. Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at $159,000. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp bought a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at $175,000. Finally, Doheny Asset Management CA bought a new stake in Belden during the third quarter valued at $200,000. Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) traded down 1.18% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $67.24. 257,924 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $69.26 and a 200-day moving average of $72.34. Belden Inc. has a 12-month low of $54.97 and a 12-month high of $81.33. The stock has a market cap of $2.84 billion, a PE ratio of 25.30 and a beta of 2.24. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $551.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $551.14 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.01 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Belden Inc. will post $5.10 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Belden Inc. (BDC) Position Boosted by Greenwood Capital Associates LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/belden-inc-bdc-position-boosted-by-greenwood-capital-associates-llc.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Drexel Hamilton assumed coverage on shares of Belden in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Belden from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Belden in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on shares of Belden in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 target price on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.71. In other news, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total transaction of $459,455.16. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,343 shares in the company, valued at $1,336,470.98. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Company insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. About Belden Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JetBlue Airways Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nordson Co. (NDSN) Stake Boosted by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Stake Raised by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Reduces Position in NVR, Inc. (NVR) Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Sells 13,622 Shares of VCA Inc (WOOF) AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) CFO Dustin Driggs Sells 1,250 Shares Gmt Capital Corp Purchases 7,200 Shares of Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Stock Ronald Gould Acquires 136 Shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc (JAI) Stock Insperity Inc (NSP) Shares Sold by Hancock Holding Co. AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Invests $1.301 Million in MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Fagan Associates Inc. Raises Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Stake in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Has $379,000 Stake in Legg Mason Inc (LM) Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Continues to Hold Position in Pandora Media Inc (P) Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Has $255,000 Position in Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Hancock Holding Co. Has $16.742 Million Stake in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Hancock Holding Co. Has $11.66 Million Position in Neenah Paper, Inc. (NP) Hancock Holding Co. Has $14.644 Million Stake in Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Director Barbara J. Faulkenberry Purchases 6,890 Shares JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Stake Raised by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. boosted its position in shares of JetBlue Airways Co. (NASDAQ:JBLU) by 1.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 99,353 shares of the transportation company’s stock after buying an additional 1,771 shares during the period. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.’s holdings in JetBlue Airways were worth $2,048,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. HBK Investments L P boosted its position in JetBlue Airways by 54.0% in the third quarter. HBK Investments L P now owns 594,322 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $10,246,000 after buying an additional 208,428 shares during the last quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc boosted its position in JetBlue Airways by 1.0% in the third quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 39,390 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $679,000 after buying an additional 374 shares during the last quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC boosted its position in JetBlue Airways by 0.6% in the third quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC now owns 58,768 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $1,013,000 after buying an additional 323 shares during the last quarter. Mik Capital LLC purchased a new position in JetBlue Airways during the third quarter worth approximately $4,843,000. Finally, Profund Advisors LLC boosted its position in JetBlue Airways by 13.7% in the third quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 44,738 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $771,000 after buying an additional 5,406 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 80.57% of the company’s stock. Shares of JetBlue Airways Co. (NASDAQ:JBLU) traded up 0.24% on Thursday, reaching $21.01. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,233,429 shares. JetBlue Airways Co. has a one year low of $14.76 and a one year high of $23.15. The firm has a market capitalization of $7.01 billion, a PE ratio of 11.25 and a beta of 0.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $21.35 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.70. JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The transportation company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $1.60 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.62 billion. JetBlue Airways had a return on equity of 20.64% and a net margin of 11.31%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.61 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that JetBlue Airways Co. will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Stake Raised by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/jetblue-airways-co-jblu-stake-raised-by-ameritas-investment-partners-inc.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on JBLU. Cowen and Company raised their target price on JetBlue Airways from $23.00 to $24.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Imperial Capital raised their target price on JetBlue Airways from $29.00 to $31.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Vetr cut JetBlue Airways from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.64 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded JetBlue Airways from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $21.42 to $27.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Wolfe Research cut JetBlue Airways from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. JetBlue Airways has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.58. In other JetBlue Airways news, EVP James G. Hnat sold 9,127 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.41, for a total transaction of $186,282.07. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 26,932 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $549,682.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Robin Hayes sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.18, for a total value of $40,360.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 386,118 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,791,861.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 48,367 shares of company stock worth $1,023,906 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.70% of the company’s stock. JetBlue Airways Company Profile JetBlue Airways Corporation is a passenger carrier company. The Company provides air transportation services across the United States, the Caribbean and Latin America. Its segments include Domestic, and Caribbean & Latin America. It operates various kinds of aircrafts, including Airbus A321, Airbus A320 and Embraer E190. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JBLU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JetBlue Airways Co. (NASDAQ:JBLU). Receive News & Ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Sells 13,622 Shares of VCA Inc (WOOF) AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) CFO Dustin Driggs Sells 1,250 Shares Gmt Capital Corp Purchases 7,200 Shares of Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Stock Ronald Gould Acquires 136 Shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc (JAI) Stock Insperity Inc (NSP) Shares Sold by Hancock Holding Co. AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Invests $1.301 Million in MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Fagan Associates Inc. Raises Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Stake in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Has $379,000 Stake in Legg Mason Inc (LM) Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Continues to Hold Position in Pandora Media Inc (P) Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Has $255,000 Position in Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Hancock Holding Co. Has $16.742 Million Stake in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Hancock Holding Co. Has $11.66 Million Position in Neenah Paper, Inc. (NP) Hancock Holding Co. Has $14.644 Million Stake in Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Director Barbara J. Faulkenberry Purchases 6,890 Shares Elena Gomez Sells 1,780 Shares of Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Stock Jeffrey Gough Buys 5,000 Shares of SunOpta, Inc. (SOY) Stock Premier Asset Managment LLC Has $380,000 Stake in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ronald Gould Acquires 136 Shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc (JAI) Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc (LON:JAI) insider Ronald Gould acquired 136 shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 313 ($4.04) per share, for a total transaction of £425.68 ($549.48). Ronald Gould also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 16th, Ronald Gould acquired 39 shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc stock. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 318 ($4.10) per share, for a total transaction of £124.02 ($160.09). On Tuesday, April 18th, Ronald Gould acquired 41 shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc stock. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 307 ($3.96) per share, for a total transaction of £125.87 ($162.48). On Thursday, March 16th, Ronald Gould acquired 40 shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc stock. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 307 ($3.96) per share, for a total transaction of £122.80 ($158.51). On Thursday, February 16th, Ronald Gould acquired 45 shares of JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc stock. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 290 ($3.74) per share, for a total transaction of £130.50 ($168.45). JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc (LON:JAI) traded down 1.42% on Thursday, reaching GBX 312.00. 12,600 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 3.37 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 3.25. JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc has a one year low of GBX 202.00 and a one year high of GBX 317.73. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th were issued a dividend of GBX 3.40 ($0.04) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.12%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 13th. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/ronald-gould-acquires-136-shares-of-jp-morgan-asian-investment-trust-plc-jai-stock.html. About JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc JPMorgan Asian Investment Trust plc is a United Kingdom-based investment trust company. The Company’s objective is to provide capital growth, primarily from investing in equities quoted on the stock markets of Asia, excluding Japan. The Company also has the ability to use gearing up to a level of 20% of net assets. Receive News & Ratings for JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Breaking News Motorist crashes into Times Square crowd, killing one person, injuring 22 Japan cabinet approves bill to allow emperor to abdicate Exclusive: Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians: sources Chinese jets intercept U.S. radiation-sniffing plane, U.S. says Asia stocks tiptoe higher, dollar holds most gains as optimism inches back BofA opens debate on lowering mortgage down payments Chelsea Manning shares first picture of herself since release China says willing to put South Korea ties back on track, urges THAAD resolution Venezuela Supreme Court judges hit with U.S. sanctions Brazil's Temer refuses to resign in face of investigation Fri 19 May 2017 - 22 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Asia stocks fall as turmoil spoils risk sentiment Asia stocks fall as turmoil spoils risk sentiment Thursday 18th, May 2017 / 19:52 Written by Oman Observer in Business, Market TOKYO: Asian stocks fell on Thursday and the dollar was stuck near six-month lows against a basket of currencies as uncertainty mounted over US President Donald Trump’s future following reports that he tried to interfere with a federal investigation. Spreadbetters expected European stocks to follow suit, forecasting a lower open for Britain’s FTSE, Germany’s DAX and France’s CAC. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropped 0.5 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei shed 1.4 per cent, Australian shares lost 1.1 per cent and South Korea’s KOSPI declined 0.4 per cent. Shanghai and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng also fell. Equities in Asia took cues from Wall Street, where the Dow and S&P 500 both sank about 1.8 per cent overnight following reports that Trump tried to influence a federal probe. The allegations have not only thrown doubt over the future of the pro-growth policies that Trump promised, but they have raised the possibility he could end up leaving the presidency. A small but growing number of Trump’s fellow Republicans called on Wednesday for an independent probe of possible collusion between his 2016 campaign and Russia, and one even mentioned impeachment. The region’s shares showed little reaction to news that former FBI chief Robert Mueller was appointed to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 US election, although the S&P mini futures were a shade higher while the dollar bounced modestly against the safe-haven yen. The greenback was up 0.4 per cent at 111.200 yen after hitting a three-week low of 110.530. It was still down a significant 2 per cent on the week. “The appointment appears to be an attempt at tackling the problem early. While it is a bit of good news, further investigations are needed and it still remains to be seen what those could reveal. As such, the markets are still faced with uncertainty,” said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. In other political developments, trouble mounted for Brazilian President Michel Temer, who was recorded discussing payments to silence testimony by a potential witness in the country’s biggest-ever graft probe. An exchange-traded fund of Brazilian equities was down more about 8 per cent in Tokyo, where it is traded. In currencies, the euro extended its overnight surge to touch $1.1174, its highest since November before pulling back slightly to $1.1142. “There are two implications from the latest developments in Washington, first being the possibility of congressional procedures reaching an impasse and second is the potential of Trump being forced out,” said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo. “But judging by how steeply the dollar has fallen, participants may have already priced in much of the negative news regarding Trump. The dollar could even benefit with the market thinking of post-Trump scenarios.” The dollar index against a basket of major currencies was flat at 97.604, not far from a six-month trough of 99.333 reached the previous day. The US currency was hurt as Treasury yields declined significantly with allegations against Trump lowering economic stimulus hopes. The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield was at 2.239 per cent after going as low as 2.209 per cent overnight, its lowest since April 21.— Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Oil prices plummet as supplies remain ample GM to quit selling cars in India, S Africa → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM assigns Sunaidy for Jordan meet Abbas praises HM’s peace-making role Sayyid Asaad meets Palestinian President Iran slams new US sanctions Read More ... Facebook Twitter 16 hours agoFirst industrial park in Oman to be ready by 2018 (Sandan project) /t.co/Fhs7KZwty1 20 hours ago#ROP seize 31 vehicles prepared for drafting in #Salalah @RoyalOmanPolice @RopTraffic /t.co/2w96feui0D 23 hours agoExport of kingfish, Yellowfin tuna, Longtail tuna, Emperor, Jobfish has been suspended from June 1 to August 31… /t.co/eVItLyFiOa Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Trending: TIMES SQUARE ROGER AILES IMPEACHMENT RUSSIA SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: TIMES SQUARE ROGER AILES IMPEACHMENT RUSSIA SEAN SPICER New York Daily News newswires Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow Us App Subscriptions Subscribe GET THE NEWS Whether on your phone or delivered to your doorstep, the Daily News brings you award-winning coverage of the latest in news, sports, entertainment and more. Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer Golf College More Sports Share This facebook Tweet email More Reuters Wall Street tumbles as reform hopes fade with Trump crisis Wall Street tumbles as reform hopes fade with Trump crisis REUTERS Wednesday, May 17, 2017, 3:55 PM facebook Tweet email A specialist trader works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid (Reuters) REUTERS Wednesday, May 17, 2017, 3:55 PM By Sinead Carew (Reuters) - The S&P 500 and the Dow notched their biggest one-day fall since Sept. 9 as investor hopes for tax cuts and other pro-business policies faded after reports that U.S. President Donald Trump tried to interfere with a federal investigation set off alarm bells on Wall Street. Former FBI chief James Comey said in a memo that Trump had asked him to end a probe into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's ties with Russia, the reports said. That was only the latest worry in a tumultuous week at the White House after Trump unexpectedly fired Comey and reportedly disclosed classified information to Russia's foreign minister about a planned Islamic State operation. The developments intensified doubts that Trump would be able to follow through on his promises for tax cuts, deregulation and fiscal stimulus. Those pledges had helped fuel a record-setting post-election rally on Wall Street. Selling accelerated late in the afternoon of one of the busiest trading days in months and the three major indexes ended near session lows. "We've seen the Trump agenda derailed and try to get back on track several times. It's registering with more investors that its going to be hard to get back on track with the latest allegations," Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. "Prior to the election investors expected Trump to represent uncertainty," he said. "The market is now recognizing that some of the fears they had back in October are coming to fruition." Both the Dow and S&P 500 fell below their 50-day moving average for first time since late April. The S&P began the session 0.74 percent lower, the largest gap down since March 30, 2009, when it opened trading with a 0.84 percent drop. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> fell 372.82 points, or 1.78 percent, to 20,606.93, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 43.64 points, or 1.82 percent, to 2,357.03 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 158.63 points, or 2.57 percent, to 6,011.24. The VIX <.VIX>, Wall Street's "fear gauge", shot up to 15.34, its highest level since April 18. A specialist trader works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid (Reuters) Nasdaq had its steepest one-day loss since June 24, after Britain voted to exit the European Union, as did S&P's financial <.SPSY> and technology <.SPLRCT> sectors. The financial sector closed down 3 percent while the technology sector fell 2.8 percent. The S&P bank sub-sector <.SPXBK> dropped 4 percent, led by a 5.9 percent decline in Bank of America shares and a 3.8 percent loss for JPMorgan . “The bull market is not over by any means, but between the political stuff and the fact that the next earnings season is three months away, there’s going to be a lack of motivation,” said Donald Selkin, chief market strategist at Newbridge Securities in New York. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors fell with the only gain from utilities <.SPLRCU> and real estate <.SPLRCR>, defensive sectors with predictable if slow growth and high dividends. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 3.92-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 5.64-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 11 new 52-week highs and 19 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 28 new highs and 93 new lows. About 8.37 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges in the busiest trading day since March 21, compared with the 6.9 billion-share average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru, Chuck Mikolajczak in New York, Noel Randewich in San Francisco; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Meredith Mazzilli) (c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2017. Click For Restrictions Tags: newswires reuters business newswires Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets May 19 2017 - 5:16AM Save Print Federal Reserve seen pressing ahead with interest rate hikes Rich Miller facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. Fed watchers said the central bank will press ahead with plans to gradually normalise rates in order to rein in an economy that officials believe is growing above its potential and prevent an already-stretched labour market from becoming even tauter. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and they may be less worried about fading prospects for it. Photo: Andrew Harnik "Unlike in 2015 and 2016, the Fed has made pretty clear that it's on a trajectory of tightening rates that will not likely be derailed," said Jonathan Wright, a former central bank economist who's now a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Policy makers in March penciled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they'll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. Traders in the money market put the odds of a rate rise next month at about 65 per cent, down from 85 per cent on May 9. They also lowered the probability of a third hike this year to well below 50 per cent. Major US stock indexes recouped a bit of their losses on Thursday after suffering their biggest declines in eight months the day before on dimming hopes that a politically-wounded President Donald Trump will be able to push through big cuts in taxes. Advertisement Look through fluctuations Cleveland Fed president Loretta Mester said overnight that financial-market volatility has not affected her economic outlook. "You have to look through those temporary fluctuations in both economic and financial data and focus on what the implications are for the medium-run outlook," she told reporters after a speech in Minneapolis. Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and so may not be as worried as investors by its apparent fading prospects. About half of policy makers didn't incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy during their last forecasting round in March, according to the minutes of that gathering. And of those that did, several pushed back their expectations of a "meaningful" budget boost until 2018. Officials in March projected that the economy would grow 2.1 per cent both this year and next, above their 1.8 per cent estimate of its long-run cruising speed. They also reckoned that a 4.7 per cent jobless rate was equivalent to full employment. Unemployment in April was 4.4 per cent. Inflation outlook more important "If the economy still looks like it's going along at 2 per cent-plus and the labour market continues to tighten, I don't see any reason for them to be deflected from the course they've been on," said Peter Hooper, a former Fed official who is now chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities. A major drop in the stock market and a big reversal in consumer and business confidence could change that, though for now that doesn't seem likely, he added. Indeed, the Fed might even welcome some cooling off of what until recently had been a record high stock market, said Thomas Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies LLC. Some Fed officials in March "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures", according to the minutes released by the central bank. Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said the course of inflation over the coming months will be more important in shaping the Fed's plans than the political tumult in Washington. Consumer-price inflation has slowed more than forecast in the last couple of months, raising questions about whether the Fed remains on track to achieve its 2 per cent inflation target. Lower profile preferred Feroli said the fundamentals point to inflation resuming its upward trend, with import and unit labour costs rising and the dollar falling. As a result, he expects the Fed "to look past" the recent weakness in prices and raise interest rates again next month. Besides, policy makers don't want to be seen as changing their plans in response to the turmoil surrounding Trump. "They're trying to lower their political profile, not raise it," Feroli said. Originally published on AFR as Federal Reserve seen pressing ahead with interest rate hikes. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Senior ATO Executive To Be Charged ... Contains: External link The Australian Dream Is Toast Contains: External link Most Popular The fizzy drink that has soft drink giants scrambling Now that it's just BHP, what's to become of Billiton? CBA slams brakes on interest-only loans RBA has to cut rates several times this year: analysts 'Twiggy' Forrest uses native title to defend the farm Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Twiggy' Forrest uses native title to defend the farm The fizzy drink that has soft drink giants scrambling Ivanka Trump chided over $US1-an-hour pay allegations Now that it's just BHP, what's to become of Billiton? RBA has to cut rates several times this year: analysts WA Today Deregistered: Perth vet let students perform surgery 'I've won the bloody Lotto': Perth tradie finds ticket in work pants Perth retailers recall popular 'fidget spinner' toy Family of Perth billionaire fights secret daughter's $25m win Perth company fined $56,000 for destroying native habitat The Sydney Morning Herald The close calls that almost derailed a $165 million 'tax fraud' syndicate Suddenly, this is a President staring down the barrel of impeachment 'One older lady collapsed': A tourist's view of Sydney Vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times Square Veteran journalist allegedly blackmailed tax syndicate The Age Suddenly, this is a President staring down the barrel of impeachment The close calls that almost derailed a $165 million 'tax fraud' syndicate Homicide squad called in after ex-cop's body found Vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times Square Daniel Andrews' plan to split Victorian firefighting in two is risky political move Brisbane Times Up top 400mm of rain could fall in some parts: BoM New bridges and tunnels proposed to tackle congestion Caboolture woman a millionaire after two Lotto wins in two days Soundgarden's Chris Cornell has died aged 52 'Something wasn't right' at Chris Cornell's final show, says reviewer Canberra Times Pensioners targeted in $980m 'robo-debt' expansion In the eye of the storm, Donald Trump has good reason to worry Heavy rain forecast for Canberra across weekend Killer lures Sydney schoolgirl to US via Snapchat The close calls that almost derailed a $165 million 'tax fraud' syndicate WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates A journalist poses looking at the intraday price chart for the Brazilian real against the US dollar in London on May 18. (DANIEL SORABJI/AFP/Getty Images) A journalist poses looking at the intraday price chart for the Brazilian real against the US dollar in London on May 18. (DANIEL SORABJI/AFP/Getty Images) Brazil markets plunge as political scandal threatens reform plans Add to ... Bruno Federowski Reuters Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 10:43AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:28AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Brazilian markets plummeted on Thursday after allegations that President Michel Temer condoned bribes to silence a witness in a corruption probe fueled bets he could be ousted, derailing an ongoing reform agenda. Brazil’s benchmark Bovespa stock index was down 8.4 percent by noon local time, trimming an earlier loss of 10.7 percent that constituted its biggest daily decline since the 2008 financial crisis. Trading on the São Paulo Stock Exchange was temporarily halted for about an hour after the index dropped 10 percent in morning trading, triggering a circuit-breaker mechanism. Most stocks pared losses after trading resumed. Blue-chip stocks such as lenders Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , and state-controlled oil company Petróleo Brasileiro SA subtracted the most points from the index. The slump slashed 24 billion reais and 21 billion reais ($7 billion and $6.2 billion) off the market value of Itaú and Petrobras, respectively. Temer was caught on tape encouraging a prominent executive to pay a monthly fee to keep jailed former House Speaker Eduardo Cunha silent in the country’s biggest-ever graft probe, sources said on Wednesday, confirming a report in newspaper O Globo. Temer denied reports that he had authorized such payments. The report threatened to torpedo a two-year rally in Brazilian assets as traders quickly reassessed the chances of success of efforts to streamline the country’s social security system and reform labor regulations. As a result, policymakers attempts to curtail the growth of public debt and foster economic growth may also now be in doubt. “For the market, it’s not a question of whether Temer will be ousted or not. The question is whether it will be quick and for how long reforms will be delayed,” trader Thiago Castellan at Renascença brokerage said. On Thursday, Temer resisted calls to resign, strongly denying the accusations. The Brazilian real slumped 7.0 percent, wiping out its gains for the year after reaching a two-month peak this week, while bond prices slumped. The sharp moves drove the market operator B3 to widen the limits on trading of several derivatives and put policymakers on alert. The central bank sold $2 billion worth of new traditional currency swaps, which function like sales of dollars to investors for future delivery. The National Treasury called off an auction of fixed-rate and floating-rate bonds scheduled for Thursday, citing sharp market volatility. Strategists at JPMorgan Securities downgraded their recommendation on Brazilian equities to “neutral” from “overweight,” citing increased risks to the implementation of structural reforms. Yields paid on Brazilian interest rate futures spiked as traders bet the central bank would be forced to cut rates at a slower pace as the reforms outlook dimmed. Rate futures prices indicated traders saw a 73 percent chance that the central bank would cut the benchmark Selic rate by 75 basis points this month and a 27 percent chance of a 50 basis-point reduction. On Wednesday, most bets pointed to a cut of 125 basis points.  Report Typo/Error   More Related to this Story Brazil roiled as President Temer reportedly taped arranging bribe Frontier stock markets draw fresh look as U.S. shares get frothy Topics Michel Temer Eduardo Cunha Dilma Rousseff Brazil Banco do Brasil S.A. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Home» Globe Investor» Markets A man walks past a stock quotation board flashing the key Nikkei index of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in front of a securities company in Tokyo, on May 16, 2017. (KAZUHIRO NOGI/AFP/Getty Images) A man walks past a stock quotation board flashing the key Nikkei index of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in front of a securities company in Tokyo, on May 16, 2017. (KAZUHIRO NOGI/AFP/Getty Images) Asian stocks drop as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment Add to ... Shinichi Saoshiro TOKYO — Reuters Published Wednesday, May 17, 2017 8:51PM EDT Last updated Wednesday, May 17, 2017 11:25PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Asian stocks fell on Thursday and the dollar was stuck near six-month lows against a basket of currencies as uncertainty mounted over U.S. President Donald Trump’s future following reports that he tried to interfere with a federal investigation. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropped 0.4 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei shed 1.5 per cent, Australian shares lost 1.2 per cent and South Korea’s KOSPI declined 0.5 per cent. Equities in Asia took cues from Wall Street, where the Dow and S&P 500 both sank about 1.8 per cent overnight following reports that Trump tried to influence a federal probe. The allegations have not only thrown doubt over the future of the pro-growth policies that Trump promised, but they have raised the possibility he could end up leaving the presidency. A small but growing number of Trump’s fellow Republicans called on Wednesday for an independent probe of possible collusion between his 2016 campaign and Russia, and one even mentioned impeachment. The region’s shares showed little reaction to news that former FBI chief Robert Mueller was appointed to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, although the S&P mini futures were a shade higher while the dollar bounced modestly against the safe-haven yen. The greenback was up 0.25 per cent at 111.080 yen after hitting a three-week low of 110.530. It was still down a significant 2 per cent on the week. “The appointment appears to be an attempt at tackling the problem early. While it is a bit of good news, further investigations are needed and it still remains to be seen what those could reveal. As such, the markets are still faced with uncertainty,” said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. In political developments elsewhere, trouble mounted for Brazilian President Michel Temer, who was recorded discussing payments to silence testimony by a potential witness in the country’s biggest-ever graft probe. An exchange-traded fund of Brazilian equities was down more than 8 per cent in Tokyo, where it is traded. In currencies, the euro extended its overnight surge to touch $1.1174, its highest since November before pulling back slightly to $1.1154. “There are two implications from the latest developments in Washington, first being the possibility of congressional procedures reaching an impasse and second is the potential of Trump being forced out,” said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo. “But judging by how steeply the dollar has fallen, participants may have already priced in much of the negative news regarding Trump. The dollar could even benefit with the market thinking of post-Trump scenarios.” The dollar index against a basket of major currencies was down 0.1 per cent at 97.518, not far from a six-month trough of 99.333 reached the previous day. The U.S. currency was hurt as Treasury yields declined significantly with allegations against Trump lowering economic stimulus hopes. The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield was at 2.234 per cent after going as low as 2.209 per cent overnight, its lowest since April 21. With Treasury yields falling, the gap between U.S. and German government debt yields reached its narrowest in more than six months on Wednesday, as a tumultuous week in Washington contrasted with a sense of improved political stability in Europe. In commodities, oil prices dipped after settling at a two-week high overnight. An ongoing effort by OPEC to cut production has partially propped up oil but prices remain under pressure from still plentiful supplies. Brent crude slipped 0.25 per cent to $52.08 a barrel. Gold hovered near a two-week high thanks to the weaker dollar and the risk aversion gripping the broader markets. Spot gold hit $1,263.02 an ounce, its highest since May 1. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Dow tumbles 372 points as Trump drama roils markets (Reuters)   More Related to this Story Portfolio diversification Long-term investors should be thankful for volatility’s return EMERGING MARKETS MSCI boost to Saudi stocks may be sooner than you think Market turmoil Critical question for S&P 500 is how much Trump bump is baked in Topics Capital Markets Nikkei Asia-Pacific Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA Report on Business Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits News Erdogan observes clashes in Washington from a distance News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Globe Talks: Join a panel of political reporters in a discussion of Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Report on Business Money Monitor: What to be wary of when borrowing in retirement Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Is it a weed or a flower? Tend your portfolio Arts Chris Cornell joins fellow tragic figures of grunge Most popular May 19: Your daily horoscope For Republicans and Trump, a long, painful road ahead Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as countdown to NAFTA begins White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Toronto market turned on its head as flood of listings overwhelms buyers X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets May 19 2017 - 7:16AM Save Print Federal Reserve seen pressing ahead with interest rate hikes Rich Miller facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. Fed watchers said the central bank will press ahead with plans to gradually normalise rates in order to rein in an economy that officials believe is growing above its potential and prevent an already-stretched labour market from becoming even tauter. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and they may be less worried about fading prospects for it. Photo: Andrew Harnik "Unlike in 2015 and 2016, the Fed has made pretty clear that it's on a trajectory of tightening rates that will not likely be derailed," said Jonathan Wright, a former central bank economist who's now a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Policy makers in March penciled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they'll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. Traders in the money market put the odds of a rate rise next month at about 65 per cent, down from 85 per cent on May 9. They also lowered the probability of a third hike this year to well below 50 per cent. Major US stock indexes recouped a bit of their losses on Thursday after suffering their biggest declines in eight months the day before on dimming hopes that a politically-wounded President Donald Trump will be able to push through big cuts in taxes. Advertisement Look through fluctuations Cleveland Fed president Loretta Mester said overnight that financial-market volatility has not affected her economic outlook. "You have to look through those temporary fluctuations in both economic and financial data and focus on what the implications are for the medium-run outlook," she told reporters after a speech in Minneapolis. Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and so may not be as worried as investors by its apparent fading prospects. About half of policy makers didn't incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy during their last forecasting round in March, according to the minutes of that gathering. And of those that did, several pushed back their expectations of a "meaningful" budget boost until 2018. Officials in March projected that the economy would grow 2.1 per cent both this year and next, above their 1.8 per cent estimate of its long-run cruising speed. They also reckoned that a 4.7 per cent jobless rate was equivalent to full employment. Unemployment in April was 4.4 per cent. Inflation outlook more important "If the economy still looks like it's going along at 2 per cent-plus and the labour market continues to tighten, I don't see any reason for them to be deflected from the course they've been on," said Peter Hooper, a former Fed official who is now chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities. A major drop in the stock market and a big reversal in consumer and business confidence could change that, though for now that doesn't seem likely, he added. Indeed, the Fed might even welcome some cooling off of what until recently had been a record high stock market, said Thomas Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies LLC. Some Fed officials in March "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures", according to the minutes released by the central bank. Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said the course of inflation over the coming months will be more important in shaping the Fed's plans than the political tumult in Washington. Consumer-price inflation has slowed more than forecast in the last couple of months, raising questions about whether the Fed remains on track to achieve its 2 per cent inflation target. Lower profile preferred Feroli said the fundamentals point to inflation resuming its upward trend, with import and unit labour costs rising and the dollar falling. As a result, he expects the Fed "to look past" the recent weakness in prices and raise interest rates again next month. Besides, policy makers don't want to be seen as changing their plans in response to the turmoil surrounding Trump. "They're trying to lower their political profile, not raise it," Feroli said. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Senior ATO Executive To Be Charged ... Contains: External link The Australian Dream Is Toast Contains: External link Most Popular Alleged tax scam may reveal wider ATO problems, say experts 'You don't know what's around the corner': family hit by tragedy The fizzy drink that has soft drink giants scrambling Journalist spoke to boss about ATO tax fraud scoop At what time of the day are you working optimally? It depends on your chronotype Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Alleged tax scam may reveal wider ATO problems, say experts Canberra-Singapore flights cut for 'low season' 'You don't know what's around the corner': family hit by tragedy Ivanka Trump chided over $US1-an-hour pay allegations Former Fox News chief Roger Ailes dies Canberra Times Pensioners targeted in $980m 'robo-debt' expansion Heavy rain forecast for Canberra across weekend 'We should celebrate our victories': Albanese critiques Shorten's budget reply In the eye of the storm, Donald Trump has good reason to worry Killer lures Sydney schoolgirl to US via Snapchat The Sydney Morning Herald Suddenly, this is a President staring down the barrel of impeachment The close calls that almost derailed a $165 million 'tax fraud' syndicate 'One older lady collapsed': A tourist's view of Sydney Veteran journalist allegedly blackmailed tax syndicate Vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times Square The Age Suddenly, this is a President staring down the barrel of impeachment The close calls that almost derailed a $165 million 'tax fraud' syndicate Vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times Square Veteran journalist allegedly blackmailed tax syndicate Homicide squad called in after ex-cop's body found Brisbane Times Up top 400mm of rain could fall in some parts: BoM New bridges and tunnels proposed to tackle congestion Caboolture woman a millionaire after two Lotto wins in two days Soundgarden's Chris Cornell has died aged 52 'Something wasn't right' at Chris Cornell's final show, says reviewer WA Today Deregistered: Perth vet let students perform surgery 'I've won the bloody Lotto': Perth tradie finds ticket in work pants Perth retailers recall popular 'fidget spinner' toy Family of Perth billionaire fights secret daughter's $25m win 'Something wasn't right' at Chris Cornell's final show, says reviewer Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sony Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Shares Sold by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Shares Sold by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Alambic Investment Management L.P. Has $2.491 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Alambic Investment Management L.P. Purchases 80,560 Shares of Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Lowers Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Oxford Asset Management Raises Position in Sony Corp (SNE) Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Position Lowered by Oxford Asset Management LCNB Corp. (LCNB) Position Held by Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Maintains Stake in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) Lattice Semiconductor Corp (LSCC) Director Robin Ann Abrams Sells 9,091 Shares Duke Realty Corp (DRE) Director Peter M. Scott III Sells 2,500 Shares Information Services Group, Inc. (III) CEO Michael P. Connors Purchases 15,727 Shares Xerium Technologies, Inc. (XRM) Insider Mark Staton Acquires 10,000 Shares Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Lowers Position in adidas AG (ADDYY) Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Position Reduced by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. VCA Inc (WOOF) Stake Reduced by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Stake Held by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Stake Reduced by Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Oxford Asset Management Raises Position in Sony Corp (SNE) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Oxford Asset Management raised its position in shares of Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) by 139.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 111,543 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 64,911 shares during the period. Oxford Asset Management’s holdings in Sony Corp were worth $3,762,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in SNE. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Sony Corp by 1.1% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 633,580 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,041,000 after buying an additional 7,106 shares during the last quarter. Fagan Associates Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Sony Corp during the third quarter worth about $495,000. Cabot Wealth Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Sony Corp by 2.1% in the third quarter. Cabot Wealth Management Inc. now owns 216,829 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,201,000 after buying an additional 4,446 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Sony Corp by 20.6% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 257,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,534,000 after buying an additional 43,921 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Pacer Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Sony Corp during the third quarter worth about $222,000. 6.53% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) traded down 0.11% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $35.32. 948,901 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $44.59 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 68.98 and a beta of 1.97. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.73 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.22. Sony Corp has a one year low of $26.24 and a one year high of $35.91. WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/oxford-asset-management-raises-position-in-sony-corp-sne.html. Several research firms recently weighed in on SNE. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sony Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. TheStreet raised shares of Sony Corp from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Jefferies Group LLC set a $42.00 price objective on shares of Sony Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Sony Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein began coverage on shares of Sony Corp in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.15. Sony Corp Company Profile Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE). Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Shares Sold by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Shares Sold by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Alambic Investment Management L.P. Has $2.491 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Alambic Investment Management L.P. Purchases 80,560 Shares of Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Lowers Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Oxford Asset Management Raises Position in Sony Corp (SNE) Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Position Lowered by Oxford Asset Management LCNB Corp. (LCNB) Position Held by Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Maintains Stake in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) Lattice Semiconductor Corp (LSCC) Director Robin Ann Abrams Sells 9,091 Shares Duke Realty Corp (DRE) Director Peter M. Scott III Sells 2,500 Shares Information Services Group, Inc. (III) CEO Michael P. Connors Purchases 15,727 Shares Xerium Technologies, Inc. (XRM) Insider Mark Staton Acquires 10,000 Shares Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Lowers Position in adidas AG (ADDYY) Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Position Reduced by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. VCA Inc (WOOF) Stake Reduced by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Stake Held by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Stake Reduced by Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Alambic Investment Management L.P. Has $2.491 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its stake in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 31.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 31,430 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 7,530 shares during the period. Alambic Investment Management L.P.’s holdings in Bunge were worth $2,491,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp boosted its stake in Bunge by 115.7% in the first quarter. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp now owns 1,361 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 730 shares during the period. Toronto Dominion Bank boosted its stake in Bunge by 26.3% in the first quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 1,526 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 318 shares during the period. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at $144,000. Sciencast Management LP acquired a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at $208,000. Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Bunge during the first quarter valued at $212,000. Institutional investors own 78.49% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded up 0.10% on Thursday, hitting $69.27. The stock had a trading volume of 1,318,075 shares. The company has a market cap of $9.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.38 and a beta of 1.04. The company has a 50-day moving average of $74.89 and a 200-day moving average of $73.15. Bunge Ltd has a 52-week low of $56.69 and a 52-week high of $82.66. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.68 by $0.33. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.96 billion. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.41 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a $0.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.43%. Bunge’s payout ratio is 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/alambic-investment-management-l-p-has-2-491-million-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several research firms have weighed in on BG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Stephens cut Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a report on Monday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price objective on Bunge and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bunge has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $76.14. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Sells 2 Shares of Liberty Property Trust (LPT) NCR Co. (NCR) Shares Sold by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. UGI Corp (UGI) Shares Sold by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC BCE Inc. (BCE) Position Decreased by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Bp Plc Continues to Hold Position in GGP Inc (GGP) Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) Shares Bought by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. NiSource Inc. (NI) Stake Boosted by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Has $399,000 Position in ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Bp Plc Has $1,506,000 Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Sells 2 Shares of OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) Ocera Therapeutics Inc (OCRX) Short Interest Update Davita Inc (DVA) Shares Bought by GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Airain ltd Invests $1.171 Million in KT Corp (KT) 22,665 Shares in DineEquity Inc (DIN) Acquired by Airain ltd Airain ltd Purchases New Stake in J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Stake Held by Long Road Investment Counsel LLC Hexcel Co. (HXL) Shares Bought by Keybank National Association OH Airain ltd Buys 38,585 Shares of Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Airain ltd Takes Position in GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) CFO James E. Fickenscher Buys 5,200 Shares Bp Plc Has $1,506,000 Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bp Plc continued to hold its stake in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 19,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Bp Plc’s holdings in Bunge were worth $1,506,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp boosted its stake in Bunge by 115.7% in the first quarter. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp now owns 1,361 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 730 shares during the last quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank boosted its stake in Bunge by 26.3% in the first quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 1,526 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 318 shares during the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at $144,000. Sciencast Management LP acquired a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at $208,000. Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Bunge during the first quarter valued at $212,000. 78.49% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded up 0.10% during trading on Thursday, hitting $69.27. The company had a trading volume of 1,318,075 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $74.89 and its 200-day moving average is $73.15. Bunge Ltd has a 52 week low of $56.69 and a 52 week high of $82.66. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.38 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.68 by $0.33. The business had revenue of $11.12 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The business’s revenue was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.41 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a $0.42 dividend. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.43%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/bp-plc-has-1506000-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the company. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a report on Monday. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price target on Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Bunge from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Stephens cut Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $76.14. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration Tim PawlentyJeb HensarlingDonald Trump Thursday, 18 May 2017 (8 hours ago) Authored by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog, *While America’s corporate press remains singularly obsessed with unproven and likely fabricated Russia-collusion conspiracy theories, Wall Street’s well on its way to getting away with financial murder thanks to an army of cronies embedded within the Trump administration.* Indeed, Goldman Sachs running Donald Trump’s economic policy is perhaps the most concerning aspect of his Presidency when it comes to negative impacts on average citizens, yet it’s almost never placed at the forefront of the corporate press narrative. Many of you probably recall headlines in recent weeks about how Trump might be in favor of “bringing back Glass-Steagall” as well as breaking up the big banks. These are two things I think are extraordinarily necessary and important, but it turns out Trump has no intention of actually doing any such thing. As the title of Bloomberg’s recent article on the topic so perfectly sums up… Here are a few excerpts from the extremely disturbing, yet entirely unsurprising piece: On the first day of May, Donald Trump sat in the Oval Office and declared that his administration was taking a look at breaking up Wall Street’s biggest banks. If they ever took him seriously, it didn’t last. Instead of cowering, Wall Street executives and lobbyists are crowing, getting more confident about ditching rules that have annoyed them for years. That’s because the Trump administration is appointing friendly regulators and signaling it will make life easier for bankers. “Break up the banks? That ain’t going to happen,” said Rick Hohlt, who has advised and lobbied for lenders including Citigroup Inc. for three decades. “You need legislation to do that. And the chance of that is about zero.” Two weeks after Trump’s threat, Wall Street’s hopes are high. The biggest U.S. banks want him to relax capital requirements that limit their leverage, lighten up on stress tests designed to help them survive another crisis and *weaken the Volcker Rule that stops them from placing speculative bets — something the administration is already taking steps to do.* The above is sort of obvious and easily understandable. What follows is essentially Orwellian. *Their confidence doesn’t stop there. Some executives think that if the White House really does push for a sequel to Glass-Steagall — the 1933 law that separated commercial and investment banking and was partly repealed 66 years later — the new version would just scrap rules for smaller banks without breaking up large ones.* Huh? *Trump, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn have all endorsed a “21st century” version of Glass-Steagall without explaining what they mean.* In the interview this month, Trump told Bloomberg News that bank breakups were under consideration. “I’m looking at that right now as we speak,” he said. *Tim Pawlenty, who runs the Financial Services Roundtable, a Wall Street lobbying group, doesn’t think the administration is really talking about Glass-Steagall when it refers to it.* “Following the president’s remarks on the topic, Gary Cohn clarified the administration’s view of a modern-day Glass-Steagall is a two-tiered approach to regulation in which smaller banks would receive some regulatory relief,” said the former Minnesota governor, whose group represents banks including Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan, the firm that spun off Morgan Stanley because of the original law. Did you catch that? They’re essentially talking about calling some bill that has nothing to do with the spirit of Glass-Steagall, a “21st century Glass-Steagall,” in order to achieve some unrelated objective while simply hoping nobody notices. Indeed, if the corporate press does what it normally does, nobody will notice. This is just such gigantic middle finger to the American public, it’s almost hard to wrap your head around it. But it gets worse still. Wall Street’s biggest firms also want Trump to roll back regulations that bother them. High up on their wish list is Volcker, the rule in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act that limits how they trade with their own money and invest in private equity and hedge funds. *On May 8, at a meeting behind closed doors in Washington, Mnuchin told five regulatory agencies to reexamine what’s allowed under Volcker, according to two people familiar with the sit-down. It was a step that could give banks the flexibility to trade without getting into trouble. Banks also want the stress tests required by Dodd-Frank to be easier and less frequent. Trump said this year he expects “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.”* This will basically allow another nuclear bomb to go off within our financial sector, you can guarantee it. Now here’s how Wall Street will achieve it’s destructive ends. Bankers know it won’t be easy to gut that law in Congress, where House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling’s Financial Choice Act is facing resistance from some members of his own party. But they’re confident friendly appointees will relax rules even if Congress doesn’t change them. Mnuchin, his counselors Justin Muzinich and Craig Phillips, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton, acting Comptroller of the Currency Keith Noreika and Randy Quarles, said to be Trump’s pick for top regulator at the Federal Reserve, have all worked at big banks or for them. The shift from clashing with regulators to working with them isn’t lost on lobbyist Sam Geduldig, a partner at CGCN Group in Washington, whose clients include Goldman Sachs Group Inc. “This is night and day,” the former top aide on the House Financial Services Committee said. He added that the industry always takes a president’s words on big issues seriously but there’s been no appetite on the Hill for reviving Glass-Steagall. *There’s your firebrand populist.* » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Reuters Studio - 2 days ago< > Embed Investors take their bets off Wall Street 01:07 Trump trade is over as investors increasingly worry U.S. President is less likely get tax cuts and deregulation done, says Max Wolff of 55 Capital. Fred Katayama reports. Recent related news Wall Street tumbles as investors flee latest Trump crisisThe S&P 500 was heading for its biggest one-day tumble since September and shares extended losses through the day after reports of a memo by former FBI chief... The Age 1 day ago - Front Page Wall Street Is Starting To Panic About TrumpWall Street looked at the news coming out of Washington, D.C., and pushed the panic button Wednesday. In the first day of trading after The New York Times... Huffington Post 1 day ago - Business ​One stock's story as banks fall and Wall Street gives into Trump stressPhoenix-based Western Alliance Bancorp. was down 5.83 percent today closing at $45.09, according to Google Finance. The Arizona-based bank’s stock slide tells... bizjournals 1 day ago - Business Trump rally is built on Obama-like hopeDespite the Comey drama in Washington, investors are still feeling upbeat about President Trump. Stocks are near their all-time highs as Wall Street hopes that... CNNMoney 1 week ago - Markets The Trump administration is trying to trick people into thinking it's cracking down on Wall StreetTreasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin sat in front of the Senate Banking Committee on Thursday and attempted to lay out how the Trump administration's position on... Business Insider 11 hours ago - Business Banks lead US stock indexes lower in early trading; oil upFinancial companies led U.S. stocks sharply lower in early trading Wednesday as investors fretted over the potential fallout roiling the Trump administration.... SeattlePI.com 2 days ago - Business Sean Spicer Backpedals on Western Wall Flub: ‘That Is Not the Position of This Administration’White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer is backpedaling on a comment made by a senior Trump Administration official who reportedly told his Israeli counterparts... The Wrap 3 days ago - US European Markets Pared Losses As Wall Street RecoversThe European markets declined steadily during the first few hours of trade Thursday, extending the losses from the previous session. Investor sentiment continued... RTTNews 15 hours ago - Markets You Might Like Other recent news in Markets Speeding Vehicle Strikes Pedestrians On TIMES SQUARE Sidewalk, At Least One Person Dead; Driver In Custody RUSSIA's Foreign Minister Trolls The U.S. In Cyprus Joe Lieberman Emerges As "Frontrunner" For FBI DIRECTOR Post Watch Live: Trump Faces Press For First Time Since SPECIAL COUNSEL Appointment MEXICO's Crime Wave Spirals Out Of Control As Auto Thefts Surge Former FBI Director Mueller Appointed To Lead RUSSIA INVESTIGATION FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back NET NEUTRALITY ELON MUSK Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation CISCO SYSTEMS Inc. (CSCO) Has Dropped To A 3-Month Low On Weak Guidance Arkema: Bostik Acquires Floor Preparation Systems from CGM, Inc. in the UNITED STATES Twitter ツ Nick Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration https://t.co/BB6x7PbOkP 51 minutes ago JiminRedstate RT @RantReaper: Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration: Try again! https://t.co/jHET6nH4zW https://t.co/iP9oZPIUv4 54 minutes ago RantReaper Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration: Try again! https://t.co/jHET6nH4zW https://t.co/iP9oZPIUv4 55 minutes ago Just A Nobody #USA: #WallStreet Completely Owns The Trump Administration | Zero Hedge https://t.co/YRjee4vNZ0 #corporatocracy 57 minutes ago Dale Drake RT @lifttheveil411: Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration | Zero Hedge https://t.co/y81Yjaz6dK 58 minutes ago Nathan Stolpman Krieger: Wall Street Completely Owns The Trump Administration | Zero Hedge https://t.co/y81Yjaz6dK 1 hour ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Chris Cornell Robert Mueller LeBron James Roger Ailes Current Topics Venezuela Times Square Crash Haitians Saudi Arabia Trump Slams Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Why Are Amazon Being So Kind To Complaining Customers? 'No Politician In History Has Been Treated More Unfairly' .. According To Trump Himself Fancy A Free Castle? Get Yourself To Italy - But Read The Small Print What Is 'Warm Neptune'? Is Trump Firing His Entire Team? Six.. Interesting.. Movie Choices You Could Make This Summer What The NHS Hack Means For You And Your PC Portugal Storm To Victory In Eurovision Song Contest Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Community Calendar Jobs Board Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Public Safety Fake attorney arraigned on fraud charges May 18th, 2017 courtesy Crime, Public Safety 0 comments A man was arraigned yesterday for impersonating an attorney and defrauding several clients through debt consolidation and mortgage modification schemes. James Frank Barker, 57, Newport Beach was charged on April 5, 2017, with the following felony counts: (8) Money laundering (3) Grand theft Sentencing Enhancements: Aggravated white collar crime over $100,000 Property damage/loss over $65,000 Property loss over $200,000 He faces 11 years and eight months in state prison. Pre-trial is scheduled for May 25, 2017, at 8:30 a.m. in Department C-55, Central Justice Center, Santa Ana. Circumstances of the Case: Between December 2013 and July 2015, Barker is accused of posing as an attorney under several different aliases and law firm names. Barker is accused of soliciting clients by promising to consolidate outstanding debts and/or reduce mortgage payments through loan modifications. Between November 2013 and July 2015, the defendant is accused of collecting $20,960 from his clients, John Doe 1 and Jane Doe 1, $3,000 from John Doe 2 and Jane Doe 2, and $21,640 from John Doe 3 and Jane Doe 3. The defendant is further accused of never notifying his clients’ debtors of his representation, never attempting to negotiate any debts on behalf of his clients, and never submitting any mortgage assistance applications on behalf of his clients. Barker is accused of refusing to refund his clients and laundering the money at a JPMorgan Chase bank. On Dec. 7, 2015, the Orange County District Attorney’s Office (OCDA) received a tip from an attorney in Orange County who represented two of Barker’s victims. OCDA investigated this case and discovered that Barker has never been a licensed member of the State Bar of California. Newport Beach Police Department arrested Barker on May 15, 2017. WARNING: The OCDA warns the public to beware of mortgage modification schemes. Section 2944.7 of the California Civil Code makes it unlawful for any person who offers to perform a mortgage loan modification to “claim, demand, charge, collect or receive any compensation until after the person has fully performed each and every service the person was contracted to perform or represented that he or she would perform.” James Todak, Special Agent with the Housing and Urban Development’s Office of the Inspector General (HUD-OIG), stated: “HUD-OIG will continue to vigilantly protect Federal Housing Administration insured borrowers from those who conduct mortgage fraud and loan modification schemes.” This case is being prosecuted by Senior Deputy District Attorney Peter Pierce, Major Fraud Unit. This article was released by the Orange County District Attorney’s Office. Tags fraud Newport Beach CA Orange County CA Orange County District Attorney's Office Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Weather in northwest Orange County for Friday, May 19, 2017 Previous article Message from CIF-SS Commissioner: Cheer courtesy This author is used when OC Breeze publishes news releases from other organizations. Related Posts Community May 16th, 2017 La Palma police blotter, May 8 to May 11, 2017 Community May 16th, 2017 Los Alamitos police blotter, May 8 to May 11, 2017 Community May 16th, 2017 Cypress police blotter, May 8 to May 14, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above to visit our AWESOME community calendar.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) More to read every day May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Fed likely to go ahead with rate hikes despite Trump turmoil The Federal Reserve Bank in Washington DC.PHOTO: REUTERS Published7 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4u4v Copy WASHINGTON (BLOOMBERG) - The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. Fed watchers said the central bank will press ahead with plans to gradually normalize rates in order to rein in an economy that officials believe is growing above its potential and prevent an already-stretched labor market from becoming even tauter. "Unlike in 2015 and 2016, the Fed has made pretty clear that it's on a trajectory of tightening rates that will not likely be derailed," said Jonathan Wright, a former central bank economist who's now a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Policy makers in March penciled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they'll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Traders in the money market put the odds of a rate rise next month at about 65 per cent, down from 85 per cent on May 9. They also lowered the probability of a third hike this year to well below 50 per cent. Major US stock indexes recouped a bit of their losses on Thursday after suffering their biggest declines in eight months the day before on dimming hopes that a politically-wounded President Donald Trump will be able to push through big cuts in taxes. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester said Thursday that financial-market volatility has not affected her economic outlook. "You have to look through those temporary fluctuations in both economic and financial data and focus on what the implications are." Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and so may not be as worried as investors by its apparent fading prospects. About half of policy makers didn't incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy during their last forecasting round in March, according to the minutes of that gathering. And of those that did, several pushed back their expectations of a "meaningful" budget boost until 2018. Officials in March projected that the economy would grow 2.1 per cent both this year and next, above their 1.8 per cent estimate of its long-run cruising speed. They also reckoned that a 4.7 per cent jobless rate was equivalent to full employment. Unemployment in April was 4.4 per cent. "If the economy still looks like it's going along at 2 per cent-plus and the labor market continues to tighten, I don't see any reason for them to be deflected from the course they've been on," said Peter Hooper, a former Fed official who is now chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. A major drop in the stock market and a big reversal in consumer and business confidence could change that, though for now that doesn't seem likely, he added. Indeed, the Fed might even welcome some cooling off of what until recently had been a record high stock market, said Thomas Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies. Some Fed officials in March "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures," according to the minutes released by the central bank. Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co, said the course of inflation over the coming months will be more important in shaping the Fed's plans than the political tumult in Washington. Consumer-price inflation has slowed more than forecast in the last couple of months, raising questions about whether the Fed remains on track to achieve its 2 per cent inflation target. Feroli said the fundamentals point to inflation resuming its upward trend, with import and unit labor costs rising and the dollar falling. As a result, he expects the Fed "to look past" the recent weakness in prices and raise interest rates again next month. Besides, policy makers don't want to be seen as changing their plans in response to the turmoil surrounding Trump. "They're trying to lower their political profile, not raise it," Feroli said. Topics:  US FEDERAL RESERVE INTEREST RATES DONALD TRUMP More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4u4v Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Follow P&I on Top performing managers by category: separate accounts, 1st Quarter 2017 Large Blend1 year gross return1 year net return Dodge & Cox U.S. Equ... To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Current Edition Topics Agriculture Economy Energy & Oil Entertainment Environment Fisheries Health & Science Investments Politics Real Estate Tourism Regions Antarctica Argentina Brazil Chile Falkland Islands International Latin America Mercosur Pacific Alliance Paraguay Unasur United States Uruguay Venezuela News Archive MercoPress, en Español Search Login Search Get our news on your inbox! Suscribe x Remember me Login Forgot password Login with Facebook Create an account MercoPress. South Atlantic News Agency MercoPress, en Español Montevideo, May 19th 2017 - 07:06 UTC Argentina applies to join the China led Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank YPF targets US$ 10 cost per barrel at Vaca Muerta shale deposits, by end of 2018 .Brazil seems to be climbing out of the worst recession in history Bovespa plummets 8.8% and Real suffers the largest drop in 14 years Thursday, May 18th 2017 - 22:37 UTC Full article 0 comments Bovespa stock index closed 8.8% lower, its biggest daily decline since 2008. Trading was halted for an hour after a 10%t drop triggered a circuit-breaker mechanism. The Brazilian Real slumped 8.8% to 3.38 Reais, the biggest percentage drop in 14 years, wiping out its gains in 2017, while bond prices tumbled. Brazilian markets plummeted on Thursday as allegations that President Michel Temer condoned bribes to silence a key witness deflated investor optimism about the prospects for his ambitious pension and labor reform agenda.  Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index. BVSP closed 8.8% lower, its biggest daily decline since the 2008 financial crisis. Trading had been halted for an hour after a 10 percent drop triggered a circuit-breaker mechanism. Blue-chip stocks such as lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA and state-controlled oil company Petrobras dragged the index lower. The declines slashed 26 billion reais (US$7.7 billion) off the individual market values of Itaú and Petrobras. Brazilian stocks and assets and their currency have rallied very strongly up until really today. It's a big pullback and ... it at least brings the risk up to the surface again, Alliance Bernstein Managing Director of Equity Product Management Eric Sprow said. The report threatened to torpedo a two-year rally in Brazilian assets as traders quickly reassessed the chances of success of efforts to streamline the country's social security system and reform labor regulations. As a result, policymakers' attempts to curtail the growth of public debt and foster economic growth may also be in doubt. Strategists at JPMorgan Securities and UBS Securities downgraded their recommendations on Brazilian equities to neutral, citing increased risks to the implementation of structural reforms. Trader Thiago Castellan at São Paulo-based Renascença brokerage said: For the market, it's not a question of whether Temer will be ousted or not. The question is whether it will be quick and for how long reforms will be delayed. The Brazilian Real slumped 8.8% to 3.38 Reais, the biggest percentage drop in 14 years, wiping out its gains in 2017, while bond prices tumbled. Strategists at Credit Suisse Securities revised forecasts for the Brazilian real, saying the reform agenda was likely to be put on hold. They expect the currency to weaken to 3.50 in three months and 3.70 in 12 months, up from 3.20 and 3.50 previously. The central bank sold US$4 billion worth of new traditional currency swaps, increasing the stock of outstanding swaps by nearly a fourth from the current US$17.7 billion. Over the last two years, the bank has acted to reduce the amount of swaps, which function like future dollar sales to investors, from more than US$100 billion by late 2015, to cut taxpayers' exposure to currency moves and limit market imbalances. Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles on Thursday called foreign and local investors to try to calm markets that plummeted on fears Temer may be forced out of office after new corruption allegations, according to a government source briefed on the matter. Categories: Economy, Politics. Tags: Bovespa index, Brazil, Brazil corruption, Henrique Meirelles, Itau Unibanco Holding, Michel Temer, Petrobras. Top Comments Disclaimer & comment rules No comments for this story Please log in or register (it’s free!) to comment. Login with Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Commented 49 Brazilian public opinion remains deeply divided on Lula: strong support but also highest rejection rate 40 Theresa May campaigning after working-class voters “abandoned by Labour” 27 Brazil states RAF Hercules flights from or to Falklands are “humanitarian motivated” 19 Sovereignty of the Falklands will not be undermined, pledges Labour shadow foreign secretary 19 EU prepared to block Brexit talks unless citizenship measures are reasonable About MercoPress. | RSS Feeds | Contact us | Advertise © Copyright 1997 - 2016, MercoPress.
Skip to main content Fri, May 19, 2017 Government & Economy » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Government & Economy Fed likely to go ahead with rate hikes despite Trump turmoil Friday, May 19, 2017 - 06:11 The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. PHOTO: REUTERS [WASHINGTON] The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. Fed watchers said the central bank will press ahead with plans to gradually normalise rates in order to rein in an economy that officials believe is growing above its potential and prevent an already-stretched labour market from becoming even tauter. "Unlike in 2015 and 2016, the Fed has made pretty clear that it's on a trajectory of tightening rates that will not likely be derailed," said Jonathan Wright, a former central bank economist who's now a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Policy makers in March penciled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they'll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. sentifi.com Market voices on: Traders in the money market put the odds of a rate rise next month at about 65 per cent, down from 85 per cent on May 9. They also lowered the probability of a third hike this year to well below 50 per cent. SEE ALSO: Trump denies asking Comey to drop probe, colluding with Russia Major US stock indexes recouped a bit of their losses on Thursday after suffering their biggest declines in eight months the day before on dimming hopes that a politically-wounded President Donald Trump will be able to push through big cuts in taxes. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester said Thursday that financial-market volatility has not affected her economic outlook. "You have to look through those temporary fluctuations in both economic and financial data and focus on what the implications are for the medium-run outlook," she told reporters after a speech in Minneapolis. Fiscal Policy Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and so may not be as worried as investors by its apparent fading prospects. About half of policy makers didn't incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy during their last forecasting round in March, according to the minutes of that gathering. And of those that did, several pushed back their expectations of a "meaningful" budget boost until 2018. Officials in March projected that the economy would grow 2.1 per cent both this year and next, above their 1.8 per cent estimate of its long-run cruising speed. They also reckoned that a 4.7 per cent jobless rate was equivalent to full employment. Unemployment in April was 4.4 per cent. On Course "If the economy still looks like it's going along at 2 per cent-plus and the labour market continues to tighten, I don't see any reason for them to be deflected from the course they've been on," said Peter Hooper, a former Fed official who is now chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. A major drop in the stock market and a big reversal in consumer and business confidence could change that, though for now that doesn't seem likely, he added. Indeed, the Fed might even welcome some cooling off of what until recently had been a record high stock market, said Thomas Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies LLC. Some Fed officials in March "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures," according to the minutes released by the central bank. Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co, said the course of inflation over the coming months will be more important in shaping the Fed's plans than the political tumult in Washington. Consumer-price inflation has slowed more than forecast in the last couple of months, raising questions about whether the Fed remains on track to achieve its 2 per cent inflation target. Mr Feroli said the fundamentals point to inflation resuming its upward trend, with import and unit labour costs rising and the US dollar falling. As a result, he expects the Fed "to look past" the recent weakness in prices and raise interest rates again next month. Besides, policy makers don't want to be seen as changing their plans in response to the turmoil surrounding Mr Trump. "They're trying to lower their political profile, not raise it," Mr Feroli said. BLOOMBERG Federal Reserve donald trump US rate hike Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Government & Economy India finalises GST rates 3:00 PM Singapore domestic wholesale trade in Q1 up 23.5% from a year ago 2:01 PM Update: Japan cabinet approves bill allowing emperor's abdication 1:31 PM Stories of Hong Kong: Hopes and fears on landmark anniversary 1:06 PM Indonesia central bank urges S&P to upgrade credit rating from junk 12:51 PM Malaysia GDP grows 5.6% y-o-y in Q1, fastest pace in 2 years 12:36 PM Breaking News 3:00 pm India finalises GST rates 2:45 pm Volvo expands truck building into fast-growing East Africa 2:31 pm Tokyo: Stocks close higher 2:04 pm Janssen files suit in US to block sale of Samsung Bioepis' Remicade copy 2:01 pm Singapore domestic wholesale trade in Q1 up 23.5% from a year ago 1:58 pm Uber threatens to fire self-driving car engineer in trade secrets case 1:50 pm Basquiat sells for US$110.5m in artist's auction record 1:31 pm Update: Japan cabinet approves bill allowing emperor's abdication 1:22 pm Australia, NZ dollars on track for a sorry week vs euro 1:06 pm Stories of Hong Kong: Hopes and fears on landmark anniversary Most Read 1 Fire at Terminal 2 under control: Changi Airport 2 SingPost Q4 plunges into the red after massive impairment on TradeGlobal 3 GIC faces possible US$4b loss on UBS bet 4 Genting Singapore Q1 net profit skyrockets 17 times 5 GIC explains why it remains under-invested in real estate Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesla Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exane Asset Management Acquires Shares of 8,500 Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. Takes Position in Tesla Inc (TSLA) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Stake Decreased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Decreases Position in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Purchases 98,037 Shares of Unilever plc (UL) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Reduces Stake in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Stake Increased by Sawtooth Solutions LLC Sawtooth Solutions LLC Has $487,000 Stake in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Katherine J. Andreasen Sells 20,000 Shares of Endurance International Group Holdings Inc (EIGI) Stock Daniel Jonas Sells 3,000 Shares of CONMED Co. (CNMD) Stock Amichai Shulman Sells 3,089 Shares of Imperva Inc (IMPV) Stock Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Insider Kevin James Johnston Sells 5,210 Shares of Stock Workday Inc (WDAY) CFO Robynne Sisco Sells 1,405 Shares Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) Vice Chairman Howard Walker Sells 1,608 Shares of Stock PennantPark Investment Corp. (PNNT) CEO Arthur H. Penn Buys 17,000 Shares KEMET Co. (KEM) VP Claudio Lollini Sells 9,500 Shares of Stock Eagle Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Purchases New Stake in Xperi Co. (XPER) VWR Corp (VWR) Stake Reduced by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. Takes Position in Tesla Inc (TSLA) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 1,154 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock, valued at approximately $321,000. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new stake in Tesla during the first quarter valued at $101,000. Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new stake in Tesla during the fourth quarter valued at $102,000. Advisory Services Network LLC purchased a new stake in Tesla during the first quarter valued at $122,000. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Tesla during the fourth quarter valued at $104,000. Finally, Korea Investment CORP increased its stake in Tesla by 225.0% in the first quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 494 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 342 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 57.29% of the company’s stock. Shares of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) traded up 2.27% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $313.06. The stock had a trading volume of 5,649,513 shares. The stock’s market cap is $51.42 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $306.32 and its 200 day moving average price is $248.20. Tesla Inc has a 12-month low of $178.19 and a 12-month high of $327.66. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The electric vehicle producer reported ($1.97) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.67) by $1.30. Tesla had a negative return on equity of 29.17% and a negative net margin of 14.74%. The business had revenue of $2.70 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.56 billion. Equities research analysts predict that Tesla Inc will post ($5.55) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/sigma-investment-counselors-inc-takes-position-in-tesla-inc-tsla.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on TSLA shares. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $368.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a report on Monday. Pacific Crest reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Tesla in a report on Friday, May 5th. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $250.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on Tesla from $185.00 to $190.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Tesla in a report on Friday, February 24th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $274.26. In related news, VP John Douglas Field sold 500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $301.45, for a total transaction of $150,725.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Elon Musk purchased 95,420 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $262.00 per share, with a total value of $25,000,040.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 242,791 shares of company stock valued at $74,745,344. 27.70% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Tesla Company Profile Tesla, Inc, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc, designs, develops, manufactures and sells fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as installs, operates and maintains solar and energy storage products. The Company operates through two segments: Automotive, and Energy generation and storage. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSLA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). Receive News & Ratings for Tesla Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman NeighborWorks Training Institute in Minneapolis will attract 1,600+ community-development professionals, $1.7 million in economic impact /EINPresswire.com/ — MINNEAPOLIS, MN–(Marketwired – May 18, 2017) – An estimated $1.7 million boost is coming to the Minneapolis economy when more than 1,600 community-development professionals from around the country convene in the city for the NeighborWorks Training Institute May 22-26. The week-long event is hosted by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, dba NeighborWorks America, a national, congressionally chartered nonprofit that creates opportunities for people to live in affordable homes, improve their lives and strengthen their communities. Included in the more than 100 affordable housing, community development and nonprofit management classes and workshops at the NeighborWorks Training Institute is the course Effective Approaches to Student Loan Counseling (HO255), which highlights effective ways to teach borrowers about a wide array of Federal and private student loan products. At a time when many young adults are graduating from college, the participants in the course will learn how to help borrowers develop a strategy to meet the financial responsibility of this type of debt. National student loan debt is currently more than $1.4 trillion, and people who graduate from college in Minnesota have an average of $21,744 in debt, more than in most states. „NeighborWorks Training Institutes give community-development professionals the knowledge to go back to their communities and make strong contributions and a local impact,” said Paul Weech, chief executive officer of NeighborWorks America. „Student loans can confuse borrowers, and we’re pleased that this course is helping counselors talk through options for borrowers, and those struggling to make student loan payments.” A new survey from NeighborWorks America showed that U.S. adults with student loan debt were more likely to say that they need guidance on financial situations. Nearly 30 percent of adults have no emergency savings, according to the same survey, which means that a person already struggling to pay student loans could have one unexpected hardship, like a medical bill, and fall further into financial trouble. The NeighborWorks Training Institute in Minneapolis is supported by a variety of partners, including JPMorgan Chase Foundation, Fifth Third Bank, NeighborWorks Capital, Wells Fargo Housing Foundation, Bank of America, HUD, Citi and Citi Foundation, Bank of the West, BB&T, and Capital One. In addition to the training institute, NeighborWorks organizations work every day to serve Minnesota. The following NeighborWorks organizations are in Minnesota: Aeon, CommonBond Communities, Dayton’s Bluff Neighborhood Housing Services, Midwest Minnesota Community Development Corporation, NeighborWorks Home Partners, One Roof Community Housing, and Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership. In fiscal year 2016, NeighborWorks organizations in Minnesota generated nearly $305 million in total direct investment and served more than 14,500 individuals and families. To read more about NeighborWorks organizations’ impact, view the NeighborWorks America interactive map. For more information about NeighborWorks America, visit neighborworks.org. About NeighborWorks America For nearly 40 years, NeighborWorks America, a national, nonpartisan nonprofit, has created opportunities for people to improve their lives and strengthen their communities by providing access to homeownership and to safe and affordable rental housing. In the last five years, NeighborWorks organizations have generated more than $27.2 billion in reinvestment in these communities. NeighborWorks America is the nation’s leading trainer of community development and affordable housing professionals. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious European Quatrerly Mobile Benchmarks 2017: Comparison Across a Range of Pricing Plans for Key Data Points Across a Number of Operators Next PostNext Bloom Select Income Fund Announces Normal Course Issuer Bid for Units Search Recent Posts Indicators of School Crime and Safety: 2016 Ready for the County Fair? Global Women’s Health Diagnostics Market to Grow by Almost 7% CAGR Through 2021: Technavio Helping Farmworkers Avoid Pesticide Poisoning CORRECTING and REPLACING ATUM Signs Patent Licensing Agreement with Thermo Fisher Scientific Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Apple files for Euro notes offering of up to 2.5 billion Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu May 18, 2017 | 5:09pm EDT BRIEF-Apple files for Euro notes offering of up to 2.5 billion May 18 Apple Inc * Files for Euro notes offering of up to 2.5 billion - sec filing * Apple Inc says offering €1.25 billion of 0.875% notes due 2025 and €1.25 billion of 1.375% notes due 2029 * Says notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof * Apple inc says Goldman Sachs & Co Llc, barclays, Deutsche Bank, BofA Merrill Lynch and JPMorgan are joint book-running managers for Euro notes offering Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2q1lCx1) Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on May 19 May 19 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 31 points at 7,467 on Friday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.34 percent ahead of the cash market open. BRIEF-Arkema: Bostik acquires floor preparation systems from CGM * ARKEMA: BOSTIK ACQUIRES FLOOR PREPARATION SYSTEMS FROM CGM, INC. IN THE UNITED STATES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom) Nikkei edges up on financial shares, but has 1st weekly drop in 5 weeks TOKYO, May 19 Japan's Nikkei share average edged up on Friday as bargain hunters snapped up financial stocks heavily sold the previous day, but gains were limited as political uncertainty in the United States kept investors cautious. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Car rams Times Square pedestrians Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPSS) Major Shareholder Second Curve Capital Llc Sells 5,000 Shares Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Mercury Systems (MRCY) Share Price Intra-Cellular Therapies (ITCI) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.35 Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Pegasystems (PEGA) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect PennyMac Financial Services (PFSI) Share Price PBF Logistics (PBFX) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Gigamon (GIMO) Share Price CACI International Inc (CACI) Director Sells $11,220.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) Insider Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Director Sells $34,460.00 in Stock New Jersey Mining Company (NJMC) Insider Purchases $48,000.00 in Stock United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Director Purchases $52,890.57 in Stock Tdam USA Inc. Buys 2,500 Shares of Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Parkwood LLC Reduces Stake in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Bell Bank Has $2.789 Million Stake in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc. Masco Corp (MAS) Stake Boosted by YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Shares Sold by Tdam USA Inc. Starr International Co. Inc. Has $8,460,000 Stake in Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) 4,798 Shares in PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Acquired by Parkwood LLC Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Mercury Systems (MRCY) Share Price May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) has been trending positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Mercury Systems earned a news sentiment score of 0.32 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the technology company an impact score of 75 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected AlphaOne’s rankings: Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Mercury Systems, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : MRCY-US : May 18, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Mark Aslett Sells 9,600 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock (americanbankingnews.com) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Will Announce Earnings of $0.16 Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) MRCY Crosses Above Average Analyst Target (nasdaq.com) Shares of Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded down 0.77% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $38.52. 424,615 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $39.06 and a 200 day moving average price of $34.69. Mercury Systems has a 12-month low of $19.78 and a 12-month high of $41.49. The company has a market capitalization of $1.85 billion, a PE ratio of 66.53 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.54 million. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 62.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.25 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Mercury Systems will post $1.10 earnings per share for the current year. MRCY has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Citigroup Inc lifted their target price on shares of Mercury Systems to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective on shares of Mercury Systems in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Noble Financial restated a “hold” rating on shares of Mercury Systems in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Mercury Systems from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price objective for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $41.67. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Mercury Systems (MRCY) Share Price” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/favorable-news-coverage-likely-to-affect-mercury-systems-mrcy-share-price.html. In other news, COO Didier M. C. Thibaud sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.41, for a total value of $1,212,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 418,694 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,919,424.54. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.15, for a total value of $356,640.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 595,849 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,135,790.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 78,000 shares of company stock valued at $3,073,932. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Mercury Systems Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Downgraded to Hold at Loop Capital Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Albemarle (ALB) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Affect Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Share Price Sonic (SONC) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds InterXion Holding NV (INXN) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Godaddy Inc (GDDY) COO Scott Wagner Sells 8,000 Shares Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Major Shareholder Peter R. Kellogg Acquires 29,214 Shares Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Clay Thorp Sells 44,485 Shares Qorvo Inc (QRVO) VP James L. Klein Sells 6,424 Shares of Stock HGK Asset Management Inc. Has $14.92 Million Position in Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Given “Outperform” Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada to “Top Pick” Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc. (SKT) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Autus Asset Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Stake Reduced by Autus Asset Management LLC Morris Capital Advisors LLC Sells 12,616 Shares of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Shares Sold by Tirschwell & Loewy Inc. Coach Inc (COH) Stake Increased by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. 186,347 Shares in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 143,108 Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Clay Thorp Sells 44,485 Shares May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) Director Clay Thorp sold 44,485 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.63, for a total value of $383,905.55. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Clay Thorp also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 16th, Clay Thorp sold 9,544 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.61, for a total value of $82,173.84. On Monday, May 15th, Clay Thorp sold 15,941 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.94, for a total value of $142,512.54. On Tuesday, April 18th, Clay Thorp sold 44,455 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.48, for a total value of $332,523.40. On Monday, April 17th, Clay Thorp sold 22,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.43, for a total value of $163,460.00. On Wednesday, April 19th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.46, for a total value of $510,898.10. On Thursday, March 16th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.56, for a total value of $449,261.60. On Wednesday, February 22nd, Clay Thorp sold 27,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total value of $203,850.00. On Friday, February 17th, Clay Thorp sold 41,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.60, for a total value of $315,286.00. Shares of Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded up 1.30% during trading on Thursday, hitting $8.54. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 54,865 shares. The company’s market cap is $216.05 million. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $7.93 and its 200-day moving average price is $10.14. Clearside Biomedical Inc has a 52 week low of $5.44 and a 52 week high of $25.08. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($0.41) EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.44) by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $0.01 million during the quarter. On average, analysts predict that Clearside Biomedical Inc will post ($1.73) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Clay Thorp Sells 44,485 Shares” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-director-clay-thorp-sells-44485-shares.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on CLSD shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Wedbush restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Needham & Company LLC cut their price target on Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Clearside Biomedical presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $20.67. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Clearside Biomedical by 25.6% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 16,230 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 3,312 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Clearside Biomedical by 10.8% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 34,823 shares of the company’s stock valued at $277,000 after buying an additional 3,404 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Clearside Biomedical by 30.7% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 19,257 shares of the company’s stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 4,527 shares during the period. Geode Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Clearside Biomedical by 6.2% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 96,324 shares of the company’s stock valued at $764,000 after buying an additional 5,596 shares during the period. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC bought a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at about $101,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.52% of the company’s stock. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Insider Mark Aslett Sells 9,600 Shares of Stock Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Ballard Power Systems (BLDP) Stock Price Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Downgraded to Hold at Loop Capital Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Albemarle (ALB) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Affect Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Share Price Sonic (SONC) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds InterXion Holding NV (INXN) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Godaddy Inc (GDDY) COO Scott Wagner Sells 8,000 Shares Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Major Shareholder Peter R. Kellogg Acquires 29,214 Shares Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Clay Thorp Sells 44,485 Shares Qorvo Inc (QRVO) VP James L. Klein Sells 6,424 Shares of Stock HGK Asset Management Inc. Has $14.92 Million Position in Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Given “Outperform” Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada to “Top Pick” Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc. (SKT) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Autus Asset Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Stake Reduced by Autus Asset Management LLC Morris Capital Advisors LLC Sells 12,616 Shares of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Shares Sold by Tirschwell & Loewy Inc. Coach Inc (COH) Stake Increased by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Insider Mark Aslett Sells 9,600 Shares of Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.26, for a total value of $386,496.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 557,449 shares in the company, valued at $22,442,896.74. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Mark Aslett also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, May 5th, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.92, for a total value of $383,232.00. On Wednesday, March 15th, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.79, for a total value of $372,384.00. On Thursday, March 2nd, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.80, for a total value of $362,880.00. On Friday, February 17th, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.15, for a total value of $356,640.00. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded down 0.52% on Thursday, reaching $38.62. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 356,223 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $39.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $34.69. The company has a market capitalization of $1.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 66.70 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems Inc has a 1-year low of $19.78 and a 1-year high of $41.49. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The business had revenue of $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.54 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.25 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 62.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Mercury Systems Inc will post $1.10 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/mercury-systems-inc-mrcy-insider-mark-aslett-sells-9600-shares-of-stock.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Flinton Capital Management LLC raised its position in Mercury Systems by 18.6% in the first quarter. Flinton Capital Management LLC now owns 2,822 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 442 shares in the last quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. purchased a new position in Mercury Systems during the first quarter valued at approximately $153,000. First Mercantile Trust Co. purchased a new position in Mercury Systems during the first quarter valued at approximately $159,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Mercury Systems by 219.1% in the first quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 4,799 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $187,000 after buying an additional 3,295 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Westpac Banking Corp purchased a new position in Mercury Systems during the first quarter valued at approximately $199,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 79.14% of the company’s stock. MRCY has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on Mercury Systems to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Monday, March 27th. Noble Financial reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised Mercury Systems from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Mercury Systems has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $41.67. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news US Federal Reserve likely to press ahead with rate hikes despite Donald Trump turmoil US Federal Reserve likely to press ahead with rate hikes despite Donald Trump turmoil Policy makers in March pencilled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they’ll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. By: Bloomberg | Updated: May 19, 2017 1:26 AM US President Donald Trump. (Reuters) The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. Fed watchers said the central bank will press ahead with plans to gradually normalise rates in order to rein in an economy that officials believe is growing above its potential and prevent an already-stretched labour market from becoming even tauter. “Unlike in 2015 and 2016, the Fed has made pretty clear that it’s on a trajectory of tightening rates that will not likely be derailed,” said Jonathan Wright, a former central bank economist who’s now a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Policy makers in March pencilled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they’ll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. Traders in the money market put the odds of a rate rise next month at about 65 percent, down from 85 percent on May 9. They also lowered the probability of a third hike this year to well below 50 percent. Also watch: Major U.S. stock indexes recouped a bit of their losses on Thursday after suffering their biggest declines in eight months the day before on dimming hopes that a politically-wounded President Donald Trump will be able to push through big cuts in taxes. Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and so may not be as worried as investors by its apparent fading prospects. About half of policy makers didn’t incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy during their last forecasting round in March, according to the minutes of that gathering. And of those that did, several pushed back their expectations of a “meaningful” budget boost until 2018. Officials in March projected that the economy would grow 2.1 percent both this year and next, above their 1.8 percent estimate of its long-run cruising speed. They also reckoned that a 4.7 percent jobless rate was equivalent to full employment. Unemployment in April was 4.4 percent. On Course “If the economy still looks like it’s going along at 2 percent-plus and the labor market continues to tighten, I don’t see any reason for them to be deflected from the course they’ve been on,” said Peter Hooper, a former Fed official who is now chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. A major drop in the stock market and a big reversal in consumer and business confidence could change that, though for now that doesn’t seem likely, he added. Indeed, the Fed might even welcome some cooling off of what until recently had been a record high stock market, said Thomas Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies LLC. Some Fed officials in March “viewed equity prices as a relative to standard valuation measures,” according to the minutes released by the central bank. Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said the course of inflation over the coming months will be more important in shaping the Fed’s plans than the political tumult in Washington. Price Pressures Consumer-price inflation has slowed more than forecast in the last couple of months, raising questions about whether the Fed remains on track to achieve its 2 percent inflation target. Feroli said the fundamentals point to inflation resuming its upward trend, with import and unit labour costs rising and the dollar falling. As a result, he expects the Fed “to look past” the recent weakness in prices and raise interest rates again next month. Besides, policy makers don’t want to be seen as changing their plans in response to the turmoil surrounding Trump. “They’re trying to lower their political profile, not raise it,” Feroli said. No Comments. Don't Miss Kulbhushan Jadhav case: India scores moral victory, Pakistan exposed - 10 developments since ICJ order Modi's oil champions IOC, HPCL, ONGC on track to match $16 bn spending AAP crisis: Kapil Mishra exposes Arvind Kejriwal’s ‘Hawala’ link, says Delhi CM tweeted fake video GST Council meet: Heavy bikes, yachts, private jets to attract 31 per cent tax GST rate: New tax to reduce prices of most goods, from milk, coal to FMCG goods Will L-G nod to DDA's land pooling policy change the dynamics of Gurgaon and Noida's residential markets? ED files PMLA case against Karti Chidambaram, INX media, Peter and Indrani Mukerjea Coal scam case: Ex-Coal Secretary HC Gupta, Joint Secretary KS Kropha, KSSPL MD PK Ahluwalia found guilty of criminal conspiracy TMC MP Sudip Bandopadhyay granted bail by Orissa High Court WannaCry ransomware: India Inc fears fire over cyber crime; just 200 insurance policies sold in 5 years Business Gallery Goa bridge collapse: Victims watching suicide bid fall into river Keam result 2017: Entrance Examination results likely today, visit cee.kerala.gov.in for updates Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos World’s largest cargo ship ever at 400 meters, ‘MOL Triumph’ docks at England’s Southampton CBSE 10th, 12th Class Results 2017: How to access CBSE result Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News कपिल मिश्रा का एक और खुलासा, कहा- मेरे हाथ में है अरविंद केजरीवाल का कॉलर, मेरी हत्या भी हो सकती है 1.86 लाख करोड़ के कोयला घोटाले में पूर्व कोल सेक्रेटरी एचसी गुप्ता, पूर्व जॉइंट सेक्रेटरी केएस क्रोफा दोषी करार कुलभूषण जाधव को मार चुका है पाकिस्तान- भारतीय रक्षा विशेषज्ञ ने जताया शक Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Open Mixed As Apple, GE Duke It Out On The Dow ALAN R. ELLIOTT 5/12/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off Stocks opened in very tightly mixed formation Friday, as retailers took hard hits for a second day and General Electric (GE) and Apple (AAPL) fought a tug-of-war for the direction of the Dow. The Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 opened to very narrow losses, while Nasdaq opened a fraction into positive territory. Trade Desk Breaks Out; Apple Rises, GE Gets Downgrade Apple opened at the top of the Dow industrials, up 1% after a securities filing showed the company had issued $7 billion in corporate bonds due between 2020 and 2027. Apple has used bond markets to fund its shareholder rewards initiatives since 2012, raising its debt from nil to $84.5 billion. The company reported $256 billion in cash held overseas in its second-quarter report, and raised its share buyback program to $300 billion. The company has increased debt more than cash in two of the past three quarters. Apple shares are extended above a four-weeks tight buy point of 141.12. General Electric traded down 1.5% in early action, the Dow's biggest decline. Deutsche Bank downgraded the stock to sell, from hold. Trade Desk (TTD) gapped up to a 17% gain at the start of trade, after a big first-quarter earnings beat and guidance increase after Thursday's close. The gain put shares of the self-service advertising platform just above a 46.31 buy point in an eight-week cup base. Retailers appeared headed for another day of pain. Nordstrom (JWN) opened down 7% after reporting weak same-store sales late Thursday. J.C. Penney (JCP) also dived 7% on a steeper-than-expected drop in same-store sales in its first-quarter report.  Macy's (M) and Kohl's (KSS) led an industry sell-off on Thursday. Macy's opened down 0.3%. Kohl's showd a 1.6% opening loss. On the IBD 50 list, Chemours (CC) climbed more than 3% after an upgrade, to overweight, from neutral, from JPMorgan.  Shares are extended, still knocking out new highs, after an April rebound from 10-week support. At the bottom of the list, chip equipment maker Ichor Holdings (ICHR) dropped 4% after reporting a 200% earnings gain and a 103% rise in revenue in its first-quarter report late Thursday. Oil Near $48; Consumer Prices Rise, Sentiment Coming Up Oil prices reversed to narrow gains ahead of Friday's open: West Texas Intermediate traded just below $48 a barrel and up a bit more than 3% for the week. Gold gained 0.4% to go above $1,228 an ounce, up 3% on the week. The dollar backed off from Thursday's gains, bonds edged higher, trimming the 10-year yield 1 basis point to 2.37%. Consumer prices rose 0.2% in April, the Labor Department reported, up from a 0.3% decline in March and in line with economist expectations. Stripping out energy and food, core prices edged up 0.1%, better than March's 0.1% decline, but below expectations for a 0.2% gain. Charles Evans, Chicago Federal Reserve Bank president, speaks at 9  a.m. ET. At 10 a.m. ET, the Commerce Department delivers its March business inventories report, and the University of Michigan releases its preliminary Consumer Sentiment estimate for May. Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank President Patrick Harker speaks at 12:30 p.m. ET.  Baker Hughes releases its weekly rig count report at 1 p.m. ET. Europe's markets remained in positive territory as investors there waded through a heavy slate of earnings news. The FTSE 100 in London was up 0.3%, Frankfurt's DAX showed a 0.2% gain and the CAC 40 in Paris traded up 0.1% near midday. RELATED: Buy, Hold Or Sell 3D Systems, Stratasys? Investing Action Plan Stock Futures Fall; This Top-Rated IPO Looks Like Nvidia, Not Snap ALAN R. ELLIOTT | Facebook | @IBD_Aelliott Share this: Related news Facebook, which went public on May 18, 2012, reached a deal Thursday to stream 20 MLB games this season. (Facebook) Futures Steady; Another FANG Stock Hits Big Milestone 5/19/2017 Stock futures were little changed Friday morning. Facebook, which had its 5th IPO anniversary, led the FANG-driven rebound Thursday. 5/19/2017 Stock futures were little changed Friday morning. Facebook, which had... Watch These Stocks As Trump Courts Saudi Cash: Investing Action Plan Can 154% Growth And 3.5% Dividend Pump Up This Energy Stock? Cisco In 'Penalty Box' Amid Growth Woes, Trump Tax Plan Stalls Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Stocks Cling To Gains; Apple, Netflix Lead Nasdaq; Time To Buy Biotechs? Apple Leads Morning Rebound, But Market Gains Fading Industry News And Stocks To Watch Google Trumpets Platform User Base Vs. Apple, Facebook, Amazon Today's Spotlight Connect with us Check out what we’re doing with social and follow us for exclusive offers, giveaways, & investing tips. Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Children's Place topped earnings views and raised guidance Thursday. (RICHARD B. LEVINE/Newscom) These 5 Retailers Topped Earnings Views, But Their Stocks... Google manager Anil Sabharwal takes a selfie during the company's developer conference Wednesday (dpa/picture-alliance/Newscom) Google Trumpets Platform User Base Vs. Apple, Facebook, Amazon Still Paying So Much for Margin? Check Our Rates. Promoted Content By Zacks Trade Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Buys 26,600 Shares of MGM Resorts International (MGM) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $314,000 Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Shares Bought by Teton Advisors Inc. Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Stake Cut by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Teton Advisors Inc. Holds Position in RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Teton Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in Navigators Group Inc (NAVG) Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Stake Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Teton Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Titan International Inc (TWI) British Columbia Investment Management Corp Has $7.482 Million Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $402,000 Position in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Three Peaks Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Detour Gold Co. Issued By National Bank Financial (DGC) FY2018 Earnings Estimate for Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD) Issued By Cormark Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Upgraded at ValuEngine Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Cut to Sell at ValuEngine Neonode, Inc (NEON) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research easyJet plc’s (EZJ) Underweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Stone Energy Co. (SGY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” Ideagen PLC (IDEA) Price Target Raised to GBX 108 at FinnCap Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for AbbVie (ABBV) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $314,000 Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teton Advisors Inc. held its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 4,100 shares of the basic materials company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Teton Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Minerals Technologies were worth $314,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies by 14.0% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 20,204 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $1,548,000 after buying an additional 2,476 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank increased its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies by 1.4% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 57,400 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $4,397,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies by 43.1% in the first quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,405 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $261,000 after buying an additional 1,026 shares during the period. Comerica Bank increased its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies by 2.0% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 64,094 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $5,140,000 after buying an additional 1,260 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Minerals Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 415,761 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $31,847,000 after buying an additional 16,197 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.28% of the company’s stock. Shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) traded down 1.59% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $71.25. 52,943 shares of the stock traded hands. Minerals Technologies Inc has a one year low of $51.29 and a one year high of $83.85. The stock has a market cap of $2.50 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.80 and a beta of 2.04. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $76.27 and a 200 day moving average price of $76.98. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The basic materials company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.03. Minerals Technologies had a net margin of 8.14% and a return on equity of 15.57%. The business had revenue of $405 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $401.63 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.02 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Minerals Technologies Inc will post $4.72 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be issued a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.28%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th. Minerals Technologies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 5.28%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/teton-advisors-inc-has-314000-stake-in-minerals-technologies-inc-mtx.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on MTX. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Minerals Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Minerals Technologies Company Profile Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX). Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $775,000 Stake in H & R Block Inc (HRB) SL Green Realty Corp (SLG) Shares Bought by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Marriott International Inc (MAR) Stake Boosted by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Kellogg Company (K) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Position in XL Group Ltd. (XL) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $725,000 Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Rockwell Automation (ROK) Position Maintained by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Invests $5.886 Million in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Intuit Inc. (INTU) Position Reduced by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $5.872 Million Stake in Tesoro Co. (TSO) Insider Buying: Aviva plc (AV) Insider Buys £150.92 in Stock Impax Laboratories Inc (IPXL) Insider Sells $11,977.00 in Stock Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Kumba Iron Ore Ltd (KIROY) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research CSI Compressco (CCLP) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Chicopee Bancorp (CBNK) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows CONE Midstream Partners (CNNX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Codorus Valley Bancorp (CVLY) Receives News Impact Score of 0.29 Catalent (CTLT) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.18 Asterias Biotherapeutics (AST) Earns News Impact Score of 0.31 Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $5.872 Million Stake in Tesoro Co. (TSO) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pictet Asset Management Ltd. raised its position in Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) by 10.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 72,433 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 6,800 shares during the period. Pictet Asset Management Ltd.’s holdings in Tesoro were worth $5,872,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in TSO. Edge Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Tesoro during the first quarter worth approximately $102,000. Coconut Grove Bank increased its stake in Tesoro by 3,685.7% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 1,325 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 1,290 shares during the last quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its stake in Tesoro by 0.9% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 1,483 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. acquired a new stake in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth approximately $144,000. Finally, SRB Corp increased its stake in Tesoro by 13.9% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 2,087 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 254 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) traded up 0.34% on Thursday, reaching $82.12. 904,986 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.69 and a beta of 1.69. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $80.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $83.76. Tesoro Co. has a 12 month low of $69.49 and a 12 month high of $93.06. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last posted its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The oil and gas company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.36 by $0.16. Tesoro had a return on equity of 9.07% and a net margin of 2.99%. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.46 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.19 EPS. Tesoro’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Tesoro Co. will post $5.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a dividend of $0.55 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $2.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.69%. Tesoro’s payout ratio is 35.95%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/pictet-asset-management-ltd-has-5-872-million-stake-in-tesoro-co-tso.html. A number of analysts recently commented on the stock. TheStreet downgraded shares of Tesoro from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Scotiabank reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Tesoro from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $99.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Tesoro from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott assumed coverage on shares of Tesoro in a report on Monday, April 10th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $141.00 target price on the stock. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Tesoro presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $101.79. Tesoro Company Profile Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining, logistics and marketing company. he Company operates through three segments. The Refining operating segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils, liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a range of customers within its markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO). Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Northern Trust Asset Management Strengthens Public Funds and Taft-Hartley Team CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Leading global asset manager Northern Trust Asset Management recently strengthened its commitment to the Public Funds and Taft-Hartley community with the addition of two industry veterans to its sales team serving this key market segment. Tamara Doi Beck, director of Public Funds and Taft-Hartley plans, will be based out of Denver and serve the West Coast. Ashley Hartman Alson, director of Public Funds and Taft-Hartley-plans, will be based out of Dallas and serve the Southern Midwest and Southeast regions. Both have significant experience developing business and managing institutional clients—Beck with 18 years and Alson with 12 years. “Tamara and Ashley bring extensive capital markets expertise, client relationship management and new business development skills to an already strong client facing team within Northern Trust Asset Management,” said Bob Parise, practice lead for Public Funds and Taft-Hartley. Beck and Alson bring to the team extensive backgrounds in public, corporate, endowment and foundations plans. Most recently, Beck was a managing director responsible for new business development for such plans at Janus Capital Group. She also was director of business development for LMCG Investments, senior vice president for Neuberger Berman, and held several roles at Morgan Stanley Investment Management. “Given the complex investment challenges and low-return market environment public pensions face, it is critical to have a solutions-focused conversation,” Beck said. “I am eager to connect Northern Trust Asset Management’s collaborative approach to innovation and customized solutions for the benefit of public funds’ employees and retirees. Most of my career has been dedicated to serving public fund clients and I look forward to continuing this at Northern Trust.” Alson also comes from Janus Capital Group, where she served public, corporate, endowment and foundation plans as a client executive. Previously, she was a senior relationship manager for Morgan Stanley Investment Management, focusing on large corporate liquidity sales. She also held several roles at JPMorgan. “Northern Trust Asset Management is built upon strength and stability,” Alson said. “Those values align with the mission of the public fund and Taft-Hartley sector, and I look forward to representing those principles in my partnership with this important pension community.” Northern Trust Asset Management is a leading provider of asset management services to the Public Fund and Taft-Hartley market with more than $100 billion in assets under management and over 320 individual relationships. The addition of Beck and Alson continues Northern Trust Asset Management’s expansion of the Public Fund and Taft-Hartley client-facing team that began under the leadership of John Abunassar, head of sales and distribution in North America for the institutional group, in 2016 with the hiring of Parise as practice lead for the segment. About Northern Trust Asset Management Northern Trust Asset Management is a leading global asset management firm serving institutional and individual investors in 29 countries. Our robust investment capabilities span all markets and asset classes, from passive and risk-factor to fundamental active, multi-asset class and multi-manager strategies, delivered in multiple vehicles. As of March 31, 2017, Northern Trust has $1 trillion in total assets under management. For more information, please visit our website or follow us on Twitter @NTInvest. Northern Trust Asset Management comprises Northern Trust Investments, Inc., Northern Trust Global Investments Limited, Northern Trust Global Investments Japan, K.K., NT Global Advisors, Inc. and investment personnel of The Northern Trust Company of Hong Kong Limited and The Northern Trust Company. About Northern Trust Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 19 states and Washington, D.C., and 22 international locations in Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust. Northern Trust Corporation, Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A., incorporated with limited liability in the U.S. Global legal and regulatory information can be found at http://www.northerntrust.com/disclosures. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RTA Furniture Market 2017 Global Analysis By key Players –South Shore,Bush Industries,Rational,Thonet Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Lauryl Alcohol Phosphoric Acid Ester Potassium Market Supply, Import, Export, Global Consumption Analysis 2017 Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Holds Position in Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Elkfork Partners LLC Has $310,000 Stake in Luxottica Group SpA (LUX) Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Shares Bought by Elkfork Partners LLC ING Groep NV (ING) Position Held by Elkfork Partners LLC Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Position Cut by Elkfork Partners LLC NewMarket Co. (NEU) Position Boosted by Elkfork Partners LLC Elkfork Partners LLC Buys 1,496 Shares of T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Insider Selling: Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) CFO Sells $29,800.00 in Stock Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Harsco Co. (HSC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Price Target Raised to $40.00 Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (FDP) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Apollo Global Management (APO) Receives News Impact Score of 0.11 BBX Capital Corp (BBX) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.29 Black Stone Minerals (BSM) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds ANI Pharmaceuticals (ANIP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Credit Suisse Group AG Raises Gartner Inc (IT) Price Target to $130.00 ING Groep NV (ING) Position Held by Elkfork Partners LLC May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Elkfork Partners LLC continued to hold its position in shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 20,086 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC’s holdings in ING Groep NV were worth $303,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of ING. Riverhead Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 157.6% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 10,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 6,240 shares in the last quarter. Glovista Investments LLC purchased a new position in shares of ING Groep NV during the fourth quarter worth about $144,000. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. purchased a new position in shares of ING Groep NV during the fourth quarter worth about $169,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 13,556 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $192,000 after buying an additional 99 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Atlas Brown Inc. purchased a new position in shares of ING Groep NV during the first quarter worth about $196,000. Institutional investors own 1.82% of the company’s stock. Shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) remained flat at $16.60 during trading on Thursday. 2,907,676 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $15.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.70. The stock has a market cap of $64.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.14 and a beta of 1.38. ING Groep NV has a one year low of $9.26 and a one year high of $17.35. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 10th. The financial services provider reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.02. ING Groep NV had a return on equity of 9.73% and a net margin of 26.72%. The firm had revenue of $4.68 billion for the quarter. On average, equities analysts anticipate that ING Groep NV will post $0.90 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “ING Groep NV (ING) Position Held by Elkfork Partners LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/ing-groep-nv-ing-position-held-by-elkfork-partners-llc.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on ING shares. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ING Groep NV from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.00. ING Groep NV Company Profile ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ING? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING). Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Business Fintech Blockchain How IHS Markit's syndicated loans blockchain arrived at cash John Olesky, a managing director for loan platforms at IHS Markit, details DLT journey so far. By Ian Allison Updated May 19, 2017 00:21 BST As we move from experimentation to production blockchains, incumbent financial infrastructure players have had to make important choices about where best to implement the technology. Global information giant IHS Markit has been quietly gauging the potential of distributed ledger technology (DLT) and is positioned to deploy it where it will make the maximum impact. Much has been written about the standard seven-day settlement period in the $876bn syndicated loan market; a source of frustration which has invited the enthusiastic attentions of putative DLT solutions. Over the years, there have been plans geared towards consolidating or centralising systems, reporting, operational teams, processes, and more. Now the vogue is a more distributed approach using a blockchain. Fortunately for IHS Markit, in John Olesky, a managing director for loan platforms, the firm found a rare thing: first class domain expertise combined with a deep understanding of technology (Olesky holds a masters in computer engineering). Olesky explained how, in a sense, his team "parked" settlement for the time being (or the time accepted), and carried on with a detailed analysis of where this technology will yield the best possible gains. He said: "To begin with, lots of people looking at blockchain were talking about settlement. You write all the transactions to the ledgers, banks and buy-side firms would have nodes, they'd receive those transactions. Now what?" "Well, they already have integration; we have four different integration mechanisms and people already get their trades promptly after they are published. So what are people gaining on the settlement front? Probably not a lot." "You could talk about identity; you could talk about embedding terms. These are things you could do differently, but it's not a case of introducing blockchain and all of a sudden T-plus times are going to two days. "That's not realistic, especially since blockchain is still dependent on having a partner application outside the blockchain, or at least some application that is analogous to what exists today." Olesky could see DLT's potential to move data around faster, translating into more automation while empowering regionally distributed operations to perform all tasks within the trade lifecycle. He also acknowledged there would be evolutionary gains between 5% and 10% from improved reconciliation – but he wanted to find a big technology jump. "We said reconciliation would be interesting, because currently we do have banks transmitting positions every night. We already have platforms that provide real-time agency data and automated settlement. So let's also park reconciliation for now." "Where we arrived at was cash. Today there is essentially nothing for cash. Every single transaction is a wire." "So all these wires happen in the traditional mechanism; banking has not exactly evolved in that area for a long time. Sure, the Fed is open a little bit longer hours than it used to be, but a wire is still a wire." It should be said, about five years ago, Olesky's team did a project with DTCC called "Cash on Transfer", which automatically routed the movement of cash to the agent executing the transfer. Only a few of the large dealers joined as counterparties and ultimately the project suffered from lack of adoption, despite well over 1000 funds joining. In essence this was a very sound idea and it's why Olesky is designing a DLT around cash movement. And when he talks about cash, the goal is three categories of cash: trade settlements, asset servicing, and borrowings. "We are going to start with settlement but of course we also have the infrastructure for servicing and we think we can provide a solution for that too." He pointed to certain interbank initiatives around the globe where firms can deposit cash for a digital currency equivalent; the digital currency is used for faster exchanges between banks, and is then cash convertible. "We see cash as a stepping stone to something larger. Ultimately, if we are communicating all cash transactions to folks who have nodes on the network, which of course we are going to provide, reconciliation should be gone. Thus, our expectation is that reconciling cash should soon be a thing of past." IHS Markit is open to collaborating with DLT providers, but the firm is also able to build out blockchain technology by itself. Regarding this, Olesky espoused a vibrant open-source community, and in particular, JP Morgan's recently released Quorum codebase. "As far as I'm concerned, any firm that doesn't open source their software is doing a mis-service this early in this technology. So we really commend JP Morgan for Quorum, because we had issues with Ethereum proper, and some of those issues were addressed by JP Morgan's code. That doesn't mean there are not still some challenges; it's new technology." Olesky said he liked Quorum for a few reasons. "Quorum can privatise transaction blocks and restrict their delivery without breaking the blockchain; this ensures your data is only routed to its intended recipient – and no one else. Quorum also allows us to support upgradable contracts, and in this space, I believe JP Morgan's technology is superior." "We have quite a close and long standing relationship with JP Morgan. We told them we chose to use Quorum and we have had a couple of calls with their engineers to talk about the stack. If you're an engineer, there's nothing more exciting than someone using what you wrote." More from IBTimes UK IBM, R3 and Axoni discuss DTCC blockchain project What is the difference between a CLS blockchain and a CLS blockchain? Barclays gets into the nuts and bolts of Smart Contract Templates This article was first published on May 18, 2017 Related topics : Bitcoin Ethereum Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Roger Ailes dead at 77 Columnists Mostafa Naderi “I was a political prisoner for 11 years in Iran – this election is a parody of democracy READ MORE Oil futures extend gains as traders priced-in Opec cuts Brent, WTI futures ticked higher as the market soaked in... Meet Bernard Charles: Dassault Systèmes CEO, strategist and chief scientist rolled into one Boss of digital mock-up outfit discusses his company's corporate... Squaring bets on gold to Bitcoin plays akin to pitting apples against oranges Uptick in yellow metal's price and cryptocurrency's rise have started... Bernard Arnault: LVMH's hard-bargaining billionaire Sun King The French mogul has built the world's largest luxury goods group,... Placid consumers and inert policymakers are swelling up the global credit card bubble A credit card is one of the most expensive ways to borrow, yet its... Asia: Investors remain wary as they wait for the unraveling of Trump's latest woes US President Donald Trump's dismissal of FBI head James Comey and the... Molotov cocktails hurled at Greek parliament while new austerity measures approved The measures were needed to unlock Greece's next bail-out instalment. Fundamentals kick in as US equities bounce back from Trump-related dip Latest economic data helped prop up the market from yesterday's worst... Gibraltar greets Brexit with regulatory framework for blockchain Gibraltar has published proposals for a regulatory framework for DLT... How IHS Markit's syndicated loans blockchain arrived at cash John Olesky, a managing director for loan platforms at IHS Markit,... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Fed Likely to Go Ahead With Rate Hikes Despite Trump Turmoil by Rich Miller @RichMiller28 More stories by Rich Miller May 18, 2017, 12:37 PM EDT May 18, 2017, 2:53 PM EDT Policy makers want to gradually normalize interest rates Some might even welcome recent cooling-off of stock market Capital Link's McGonegal Says Fed Has Window to Hike The political brouhaha in Washington looks unlikely to blow the Federal Reserve off course from raising interest rates further in 2017, starting with an increase next month and following up with another later in the year. Fed watchers said the central bank will press ahead with plans to gradually normalize rates in order to rein in an economy that officials believe is growing above its potential and prevent an already-stretched labor market from becoming even tauter. “Unlike in 2015 and 2016, the Fed has made pretty clear that it’s on a trajectory of tightening rates that will not likely be derailed,” said Jonathan Wright, a former central bank economist who’s now a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Policy makers in March penciled in two more rate hikes for this year after raising them for the third time since the end of 2015. They next meet on June 13-14, when they’ll update their forecasts for the economy and interest rates. Traders in the money market put the odds of a rate rise next month at about 65 percent, down from 85 percent on May 9. They also lowered the probability of a third hike this year to well below 50 percent. Major U.S. stock indexes recouped a bit of their losses on Thursday after suffering their biggest declines in eight months the day before on dimming hopes that a politically-wounded President Donald Trump will be able to push through big cuts in taxes. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester said Thursday that financial-market volatility has not affected her economic outlook. “You have to look through those temporary fluctuations in both economic and financial data and focus on what the implications are for the medium-run outlook,” she told reporters after a speech in Minneapolis. Fiscal Policy Fed officials have been cautious about building expectations of a fiscal policy-induced bump in economic growth into their forecasts and so may not be as worried as investors by its apparent fading prospects. About half of policy makers didn’t incorporate explicit assumptions about fiscal policy during their last forecasting round in March, according to the minutes of that gathering. And of those that did, several pushed back their expectations of a “meaningful” budget boost until 2018. Officials in March projected that the economy would grow 2.1 percent both this year and next, above their 1.8 percent estimate of its long-run cruising speed. They also reckoned that a 4.7 percent jobless rate was equivalent to full employment. Unemployment in April was 4.4 percent. On Course “If the economy still looks like it’s going along at 2 percent-plus and the labor market continues to tighten, I don’t see any reason for them to be deflected from the course they’ve been on,” said Peter Hooper, a former Fed official who is now chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. A major drop in the stock market and a big reversal in consumer and business confidence could change that, though for now that doesn’t seem likely, he added. Indeed, the Fed might even welcome some cooling off of what until recently had been a record high stock market, said Thomas Simons, a senior economist at Jefferies LLC. Some Fed officials in March “viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures,” according to the minutes released by the central bank. Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said the course of inflation over the coming months will be more important in shaping the Fed’s plans than the political tumult in Washington. Consumer-price inflation has slowed more than forecast in the last couple of months, raising questions about whether the Fed remains on track to achieve its 2 percent inflation target. Feroli said the fundamentals point to inflation resuming its upward trend, with import and unit labor costs rising and the dollar falling. As a result, he expects the Fed “to look past” the recent weakness in prices and raise interest rates again next month. Besides, policy makers don’t want to be seen as changing their plans in response to the turmoil surrounding Trump. “They’re trying to lower their political profile, not raise it,” Feroli said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read World's 500 Richest People Lose $35 Billion From Trump Turmoil U.S. Stocks, Dollar Rebound; Brazil Shares Plunge: Markets Wrap The Volatility Buyer Known as '50 Cent' Just Had a Huge Payday One Dead After Car Plows Into Times Square Crowd; Terrorism Not Suspected Brazil's Assets Dive as Political Crisis Engulfs President Temer Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Empowering a more accessible and inclusive world With the right tools, there are no limits to what people can achieve, including people with disabilities. So today has special meaning: It’s the sixth Global Accessibility Awareness Day focused on raising awareness of digital accessibility to build a more accessible and inclusive world, and a great day to reflect on the journey both past, present and future. As many of you know, our mission at Microsoft is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Technology can play a tremendous role in each of our journeys to reach our goals. Recently, we’ve had a lot of fun sharing some of the ways we are committed to accessibility and inclusion. Last week at Microsoft Build, Harry Shum, executive vice president of Artificial Intelligence & Research, shared technology that is already having an impact on my life: Real-time captioning in PowerPoint, which is currently in preview and leverages an add-in powered by Microsoft Translator live. This translates speech into one of 10 languages, but also provides speech-to-text with an incredible level of accuracy for folks like me with deafness. Can’t wait for you to try it. In addition, Terry Myerson, executive vice president of the Windows and Devices Group, demoed Narrator developer mode during his Windows keynote, and CEO Satya Nadella closed his keynote with details of new research into technology for people with Parkinson’s called Project Emma. If you haven’t watched the video, please stop what you’re doing and check it out (have tissues nearby). Sharing stories like Emma’s of how technology can help transform lives inspires us all. It helps to drive awareness and highlight the momentum that accessibility has right now in the world. At Microsoft, it drives us to invest more because accessibility is one of the clear paths to empowerment. Today, I want to share some of the latest and greatest things happening in schools, workplaces and the world of technology, and also some new training and awareness materials we’re launching today. There is a lot to talk about! Let’s get into it. Empowerment in schools and the workplace Yesterday I spent the morning with a great group of students with disabilities who are in the USBLN mentor program, getting ready to graduate and looking at employment. It was a reminder that how we help prepare students for their journey in this world will set the stage for all that they can achieve. Achievement begins with access, and to help educators ensure students with disabilities have equal access to information in classrooms, we are today launching a new Microsoft Educator Community course on creating accessible classroom content. This training series is brought to you by Microsoft Innovative Educators who work in Special Education, and over the course of 10 short videos, guides you on how to ensure your classroom is inclusive for everyone. Simple steps, but each of them matters. Content matters. So does technology. I love the stories those in special education share with us about what students around the world are achieving with free, inclusively designed technologies such as Learning Tools Immersive Reader, OneNote and Office Lens. Learning Tools, introduced in OneNote and now built into Word, is helping students with dyslexia learn to read in new ways. The kids in the video are so authentic in showing how using the reader has impacted them, from reading rates to understanding what success feels like. Much of the success has been via OneNote, which is a powerful collaboration tool that meets the needs of the modern teacher and student. Aligned with our core value of inclusiveness, we redesigned OneNote to bring consistency, accessibility and ease-of-use across all platforms to empower every student. The new redesign for OneNote is rolling out for Windows 10, Mac, iOS, Android and on the web over the coming weeks.  With Windows, we continue to deliver accessibility features that enable you to do more. The Windows 10 Creators Update continued the journey of accessibility improvements across the spectrum of disability. For people with visual impairment and blindness, we enabled the installation of Windows without sighted assistance, delivered improvements to Narrator and launched the ability to use braille devices with Windows. For the deaf and hard of hearing, mono audio launched to send sounds across left and right ears, and for everyone, improvements to Microsoft Edge including Read Aloud and text spacing make it easier for everyone to read and enjoy text, including people with learning disabilities such as dyslexia and emerging readers, as well as English Language Learners. The goal is to make Windows the operating system people love for working, learning and playing. Later this year, new features are coming that will benefit people who are blind or have low vision, and people with reading- and writing-related disabilities. We have published those today in a new blog from the Windows team and strongly suggest checking it out. It shows our ongoing commitment to first- and third-party experiences, and I’m so excited about automatic alternative text and color filters, as well as additional Learning Tools in Edge! We also recently announced Windows 10 S, which promises devices with faster boot times and improved security and reliability. We believe Windows 10 S is great for many customers; however, if you are using third-party assistive technology apps not currently available in the Windows Store, we will be offering a switch to Windows 10 Pro at no additional charge. More details on that when Windows 10 S becomes available. Lastly, I do want to make sure that our customers saw the announcement from GW Micro that sales of the Window-Eyes screen reader have ended in the United States and Canada. GW Micro will honor existing product purchases and software maintenance agreements and will continue to provide technical support to end users, and it is offering JAWS for Windows as a replacement. Independent of this, we will also be ending the current Window-Eyes screen reader license offer at the end of June, although GW Micro will continue to allow the download of Window-Eyes for free on its own. Planning the future with smart cities for all In addition to helping students and professionals, we recognize that civic leaders and the populations they serve have growing needs for resources that are more inclusive. It’s a hot topic in every city I visit. We’ve invested in technologies that can help create inclusiveness between governments and citizens, and in collaboration with G3ict and World Enabled, we recently launched the Smart Cities for All Toolkit. The mission of the Smart Cities for All initiative is to define the state of accessible technology in cities worldwide with a focus on closing the digital divide for people with disabilities and older people. Based on the initiative’s research and insights from a survey of experts around the world, most of today’s Smart Cities are not fully accessible. The toolkit aims to empower city leaders with resources that will lead to communities that are more inclusive. Resources include guides for implementing ICT accessibility standards and procurement policies, ideas for how to make the case for a stronger commitment to digital inclusion, and a framework for a database of accessibility solutions. It’s a great start in moving the bar of inclusion in cities. Driving inclusion in the workplace Now let’s talk people. Disability is a strength. Having people with disabilities as part of your organization empowers the group, team and company to build products and services that reflect the diverse needs of our global customers. So we are focused on hiring, but also building an inclusive culture, which we believe is at the core of building a long-term successful organization. We recently sponsored the Autism @ Work Summit, bringing together industry experts with businesses looking to start inclusive hiring programs and together look for ways to help more candidates break through traditional barriers to gain competitive employment. This year, Microsoft hosted the first Autism @ Work virtual career fair, providing candidates with autism a unique online experience to meet with recruiters at companies that are looking for talent. Several employers had virtual job booths staffed by online recruiters, including AT&T, EY, Ford, HPE Dandelion, JP Morgan Chase, Microsoft, NCR and SAP. What we are learning from these events is there is still a lot to do when it comes to disability inclusion and accessibility, but working together will accelerate all of our efforts to find talent. One of the crucial elements to our broad inclusion programs has been building awareness both internally and externally. We’ve worked (and continue to work!) to update our new Microsoft Accessibility homepage and share additional resources to our global customers. Last year, the entire Microsoft workforce (over 100,000 folks!) received training that aimed to reinforce Microsoft’s commitment to accessibility and inclusion. We then developed additional resources for employees to learn more about the various topics that surround disability inclusion and accessibility. Today we are releasing an Introduction to Disability and Accessibility that includes segments from some of our internal training collateral. Grab a cuppa tea and watch! It’s made a difference at Microsoft, and I know it can raise awareness for these important topics at your organization, too. [embedded content] We want your feedback If you are reading this and want to get involved, know we NEED your feedback! Feedback is an incredible gift and crucial if we are to really grasp the opportunity to improve the accessibility and usability of our products and services. There are so many ways you can give feedback to us, including the Microsoft Accessibility UserVoice forum. However, the one I want to highlight today is our Most Valuable Professional (MVP) Accessibility Award category, which we have relaunched. The Microsoft MVP Award is a unique opportunity to join an elite group of accessibility technology experts who make outstanding contributions to their communities. MVPs will have the opportunity to gain early access to new technology, actively help shape the accessibility of Microsoft technologies and join us in Redmond, Washington, for the MVP Global Summit. It’s a chance to really talk to the people behind the products and services I talk about above! While there is no single way to become an MVP, we are looking for individuals with a deep knowledge of Microsoft products and who demonstrate accessibility expertise, leadership and the desire to help accelerate learning through social media posting, podcasts, meetups and/or giving presentations (just to name a few). If this sounds like you or someone you know, nominate them today. It takes all of us to get this right Lastly, my favorite event of the year at Microsoft: Every year for the last seven years, we have hosted an internal event, the Ability Summit, that brings together our employees from across the company to discuss all things related to accessibility and disability inclusion. To help foster ideas during this event, employees attend sessions across three tracks — Imagine, Build and Enable — and we bring in leaders from across the company to present on projects that align to those themes. Sessions this year included how to leverage Inclusive Design principles, what global policies our teams need to be thinking about, disability disclosure in the workplace and bug bashes (we’re still nerds at heart). We also present Ability Awards for employees who have had the biggest impact this year — and with the amount of passion in this space, it is a brutal job having to pick just a few employees from the multitude of nominations we receive. We also bring in guest speakers from outside the company to help underscore the opportunity that exists within the tech industry to be agents for change. This year we had the pleasure of hosting Jill Houghton, president and CEO of USBLN, and the lieutenant governor of Washington State, Cyrus Habib, and had packed rooms and record attendance. There was no shortage of demands and challenges for our employees to keep moving forward on accessibility and the passion was and is palpable. Ann Paradiso of Microsoft, Haiyan Zhang of Microsoft, Emma Lawton, Jennison Asuncion of LinkedIn and Washington Lt. Gov. Cyrus Habib on stage at the Microsoft Ability Summit on May 4, 2017. I hope that one or many of these snippets help you grow, drive or build awareness on today, Global Accessibility Awareness Day. I’m excited about the progress and the work we still have ahead of us. Raising awareness about accessibility and disability inclusion is key to the enduring values that our company holds. Building great products that encourage you to bring your best into your classroom, your workplace, your city and your social world is where we’ll be focused until a more accessible and inclusive world is fully realized. About the Author CategoriesUncategorized TagsRecent News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Flame Retardant Polyester Staple Fiber Market Reports of 2017 Next PostNext The Kinetix Group’s Care Delivery Consulting Lead, Anna Thomas, Selected to Speak at PCMH and Practice Transformation Summit Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Johnson Matthey PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) Insider Simon Farrant Acquires 12 Shares Insider Selling: Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Insider Sells 7,100 Shares of Stock James Elbert Campbell III Acquires 7,000 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Stock Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) EVP Sells $332,650.08 in Stock Veresen (VSN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Earns “Buy” Rating from FBR & Co Bankwell Financial Group (BWFG) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Nobilis Health Corp (HLTH) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows L.B. Foster (FSTR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.39 Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Stake Raised by Henderson Group PLC Princeton Alpha Management LP Acquires 5,861 Shares of Precision Drilling Corp (PDS) RPX Corp (RPXC) Shares Sold by Princeton Alpha Management LP Henderson Group PLC Purchases 700 Shares of Ameren Corp (AEE) Princeton Alpha Management LP Purchases New Position in TRI Pointe Group Inc (TPH) HPM Partners LLC Buys Shares of 48,104 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Henderson Group PLC Acquires 600 Shares of Ball Co. (BLL) DHT Holdings Inc (DHT) Stake Lowered by Boston Partners Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI) Stake Reduced by Princeton Alpha Management LP Henderson Group PLC Has $1.557 Million Position in Global Payments Inc (GPN) Henderson Group PLC Has $1,535,000 Position in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) Insider Simon Farrant Acquires 12 Shares May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) insider Simon Farrant purchased 12 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 3,119 ($40.26) per share, with a total value of £374.28 ($483.13). Simon Farrant also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, March 15th, Simon Farrant purchased 12 shares of Johnson Matthey PLC stock. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 2,960 ($38.21) per share, with a total value of £355.20 ($458.50). Shares of Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) traded down 0.13% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 3080.00. 746,894 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 3,027.80 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 3,110.85. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.91 billion. Johnson Matthey PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 2,774.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,568.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/johnson-matthey-plc-jmat-insider-simon-farrant-acquires-12-shares.html. JMAT has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 3,653 ($47.15) price target on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a GBX 3,380 ($43.63) price target for the company. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($42.60) price target on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 3,200 ($41.31) price target on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Johnson Matthey PLC currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 3,353.67 ($43.29). Johnson Matthey PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) Insider Acquires $56,220.00 in Stock Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Director Sells $49,744.52 in Stock Insider Selling: Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Sells $54,405.00 in Stock Insider Selling: CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Insider Sells $63,695.52 in Stock Insider Selling: Corelogic Inc (CLGX) Director Sells $52,062.50 in Stock First Keystone Corp. (FKYS) Director Buys $38,676.50 in Stock Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Price Target Raised to $57.00 Owens-Illinois Inc (OI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Tower Bridge Advisors Cuts Position in PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Capital Fund Management S.A. Purchases New Position in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Shares Sold by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Capital Fund Management S.A. Invests $748,000 in InterXion Holding NV (INXN) Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds Voor DE Media PNO Has $1,376,000 Position in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Stake Increased by Boston Partners Arrow Financial (AROW) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.44 Reinsurance Group of America (RGA) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.49 Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Alnylam Pharmaceuticals (ALNY) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Insider Buying: RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) Insider Acquires $56,220.00 in Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:RICK) insider Eric Scott Langan purchased 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $18.74 per share, for a total transaction of $56,220.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 708,375 shares in the company, valued at $13,274,947.50. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:RICK) traded up 4.30% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $20.11. The company had a trading volume of 36,661 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $195.43 million, a PE ratio of 20.50 and a beta of 0.48. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $17.32 and its 200 day moving average is $16.01. RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. has a one year low of $9.90 and a one year high of $20.18. RCI Hospitality Holdings (NASDAQ:RICK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The restaurant operator reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $34.52 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $35.26 million. RCI Hospitality Holdings had a net margin of 8.46% and a return on equity of 10.09%. Equities research analysts forecast that RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. will post $1.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Investors of record on Monday, June 12th will be paid a $0.03 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This represents a $0.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.62%. RCI Hospitality Holdings’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 10.43%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Insider Buying: RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) Insider Acquires $56,220.00 in Stock” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/insider-buying-rci-hospitality-holdings-inc-rick-insider-acquires-56220-00-in-stock.html. Separately, Westpark Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 price target on shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Spark Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 1.2% in the first quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 24,800 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $429,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. Alambic Investment Management L.P. boosted its position in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 2.9% in the first quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 63,693 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $1,103,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 5.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,862 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $708,000 after buying an additional 1,957 shares during the period. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC boosted its position in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 2.2% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 96,508 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $1,672,000 after buying an additional 2,065 shares during the period. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 1.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 444,667 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $7,702,000 after buying an additional 4,846 shares during the period. 32.71% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. RCI Hospitality Holdings Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McGrath RentCorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McGrath RentCorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) SVP Sells $76,790.00 in Stock McGrath RentCorp (MGRC) Director Sells $72,040.00 in Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Position in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Purchases 2,113 Shares of WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Lumentum Holdings Inc (LITE) Price Target to $53.00 Credit Suisse Group AG Raises MINDBODY Inc (MB) Price Target to $31.00 Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc (INO) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Pool Co. (POOL) Shares Sold by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Has $349,000 Stake in Centene Corp (CNC) Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) Stake Decreased by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale CMS Energy Co. (CMS) Stake Maintained by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (IGXT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MINDBODY Inc (MB) Downgraded by Pacific Crest Investment Management of Virginia LLC Raises Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1,245,000 Position in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Flinton Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in GATX Co. (GATX) Enbridge Inc (ENB) Position Raised by Copeland Capital Management LLC DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Fastenal Company (FAST) Taminco Corp (TAM) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 TRACON Pharmaceuticals (TCON) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows McGrath RentCorp (MGRC) Director Sells $72,040.00 in Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet McGrath RentCorp (NASDAQ:MGRC) Director Elizabeth A. Fetter sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.02, for a total transaction of $72,040.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 5,400 shares in the company, valued at approximately $194,508. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Shares of McGrath RentCorp (NASDAQ:MGRC) traded down 0.61% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $34.00. 12,017 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $815.35 million, a PE ratio of 20.51 and a beta of 1.09. McGrath RentCorp has a 1-year low of $26.74 and a 1-year high of $39.86. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $34.46 and its 200-day moving average price is $36.13. McGrath RentCorp (NASDAQ:MGRC) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The financial services provider reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.28 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $94.84 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $95.10 million. McGrath RentCorp had a net margin of 9.44% and a return on equity of 10.44%. On average, equities research analysts forecast that McGrath RentCorp will post $1.81 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, April 14th were given a $0.26 dividend. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 11th. This is a boost from McGrath RentCorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. McGrath RentCorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 61.08%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/mcgrath-rentcorp-mgrc-director-sells-72040-00-in-stock.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of McGrath RentCorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 5th. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware boosted its position in shares of McGrath RentCorp by 1.7% in the first quarter. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware now owns 7,769 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $261,000 after buying an additional 130 shares during the last quarter. Swiss National Bank boosted its position in shares of McGrath RentCorp by 0.9% in the third quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 35,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,116,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System boosted its position in shares of McGrath RentCorp by 0.6% in the first quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 53,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,786,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of McGrath RentCorp by 1.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,743 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,368,000 after buying an additional 509 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of McGrath RentCorp by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 37,493 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,469,000 after buying an additional 759 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 81.58% of the company’s stock. McGrath RentCorp Company Profile McGrath RentCorp is a diversified business-to-business rental company. The Company operates through four business segments: modular building and portable storage segment (Mobile Modular); electronic test equipment segment (TRS-RenTelco); a subsidiary providing containment solutions for the storage of hazardous and non-hazardous liquids and solids segment (Adler Tanks), and a subsidiary classroom manufacturing business selling modular buildings used primarily as classrooms in California (Enviroplex). Receive News & Ratings for McGrath RentCorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McGrath RentCorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ingersoll-Rand PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chubb Ltd (CB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.71 PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Coverage Initiated at Mizuho Viad Corp (VVI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Rating Lowered to Buy at ValuEngine Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Lowers Itron, Inc. (ITRI) to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Rating Lowered to Buy at ValuEngine Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Coeur Mining (CDE) Stock Price Matador Resources (MTDR) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.12 Plug Power (PLUG) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Five Prime Therapeutics (FPRX) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Welltower (HCN) Share Price Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Fossil Group (FOSL) Share Price FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Issued By Forward View Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Kinross Gold Co.’s FY2017 Earnings (KGC) KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) SVP Sells $165,984.03 in Stock Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Earns Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note issued on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a $99.00 price objective on the industrial products company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s price target would suggest a potential upside of 12.87% from the company’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Ingersoll reported solid first-quarter 2017 results with healthy year-over-year increase in revenues and adjusted earnings that exceeded the respective Zacks Consensus Estimates. The geographic and industry diversity, coupled with a large installed product base provides ample growth opportunities within service, spare parts and replacement revenue streams. A disciplined capital allocation, strong and flexible balance sheet position, and steady cash flow along with a robust operating platform and an efficient management team will likely drive net asset value and dividend growth in the future. Management has further reiterated its earlier bullish guidance for 2017 on healthy growth dynamics. The company has also outperformed the industry in the last three months. However, operating risks from high R&D costs for technology-driven products are expected to weigh on the margins in the quarters ahead.” A number of other analysts have also issued reports on IR. Royal Bank of Canada raised their price target on Ingersoll-Rand PLC from $83.00 to $85.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Evercore ISI lowered Ingersoll-Rand PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $100.00 price objective on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Ingersoll-Rand PLC from $90.00 to $100.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $93.00. Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR) traded up 0.83% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $88.44. 638,786 shares of the company traded hands. Ingersoll-Rand PLC has a 52-week low of $59.10 and a 52-week high of $90.18. The stock has a market capitalization of $22.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.07 and a beta of 1.31. The company’s 50 day moving average is $85.34 and its 200 day moving average is $79.45. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.04. Ingersoll-Rand PLC had a return on equity of 16.70% and a net margin of 10.93%. The firm had revenue of $3 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.94 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.50 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Ingersoll-Rand PLC will post $4.51 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be paid a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.82%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. Ingersoll-Rand PLC’s dividend payout ratio is currently 28.42%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/ingersoll-rand-plc-ir-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-buy.html. In related news, insider Keith A. Sultana sold 1,046 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $83,627.70. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,573 shares in the company, valued at approximately $845,311.35. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Didier P. Teirlinck sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.87, for a total value of $485,220.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 128,776 shares in the company, valued at $10,414,115.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 17,046 shares of company stock worth $1,464,148 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.65% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 1,560.6% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 17,554,733 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,427,553,000 after buying an additional 16,497,616 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $189,095,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 116.5% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,197,109 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $239,911,000 after buying an additional 1,720,677 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 78.2% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 3,598,759 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $270,051,000 after buying an additional 1,578,895 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 55.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,223,442 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $343,449,000 after buying an additional 1,511,211 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 82.76% of the company’s stock. About Ingersoll-Rand PLC Ingersoll-Rand Public Limited Company provides products, services and solutions to improve the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings, transport and protect food and perishables. The Company’s business segments include Climate and Industrial. It is engaged in the design, manufacture, sale and service of a portfolio of industrial and commercial products that include brand names, such as Ingersoll-Rand, Trane, American Standard, ARO and Club Car. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Genocea Biosciences Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Genocea Biosciences Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Five Prime Therapeutics’ (FPRX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Gildan Activewear (GIL) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Baxter International (BAX) American Century Companies Inc. Sells 27 Shares of American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Position Reduced by American Century Companies Inc. Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Stake Raised by American Century Companies Inc. ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Stake Increased by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 7,693 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $1.346 Million Stake in Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Flinton Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Ryanair Holdings plc (RYAAY) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by American Century Companies Inc. Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $168,000 Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Dana Inc (DAN) Shares Sold by Flinton Capital Management LLC Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Position Cut by Flinton Capital Management LLC Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Chubb Ltd (CB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.71 PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Coverage Initiated at Mizuho Viad Corp (VVI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Rating Lowered to Buy at ValuEngine Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Genocea Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:GNCA) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a $6.75 price objective on the biotechnology company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 13.83% from the stock’s current price. According to Zacks, “Genocea Biosciences, Inc. is involved in developing vaccines. The company’s proprietary discovery platform consists of AnTigen Lead Acquisition System which designs vaccines that stimulate T cell immunity. Its product portfolio which are in different clinical trials consist of GEN-003, HSV-2 infections, GEN-004 and HSV-2 prophylaxis and malaria. Genocea Biosciences, Inc. is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts. “ A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on GNCA. Needham & Company LLC downgraded shares of Genocea Biosciences from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Genocea Biosciences in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $15.98. Shares of Genocea Biosciences (NASDAQ:GNCA) traded up 2.02% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $6.05. 40,881 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $6.29 and its 200-day moving average price is $4.99. The stock’s market capitalization is $172.44 million. Genocea Biosciences has a 1-year low of $3.28 and a 1-year high of $7.29. Genocea Biosciences (NASDAQ:GNCA) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.48) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.06. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Genocea Biosciences will post ($1.89) EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/genocea-biosciences-inc-gnca-stock-rating-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GNCA. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Genocea Biosciences by 4.7% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 148,370 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $903,000 after buying an additional 6,708 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Genocea Biosciences by 11.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 751,972 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $4,579,000 after buying an additional 77,052 shares during the last quarter. Segantii Capital Management Ltd acquired a new stake in Genocea Biosciences during the first quarter worth about $160,000. FMR LLC increased its stake in Genocea Biosciences by 0.4% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,274,804 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $26,033,000 after buying an additional 18,574 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new stake in Genocea Biosciences during the first quarter worth about $217,000. 54.62% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Genocea Biosciences Company Profile Genocea Biosciences, Inc, is harnessing the power of T cell immunity to develop vaccines and immunotherapies company. The Company uses its discovery platform, AnTigen Lead Acquisition System (ATLAS), to design vaccines and immunotherapies that act, in part, through T cell (or cellular) immune responses. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Genocea Biosciences (GNCA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Genocea Biosciences Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Genocea Biosciences Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aimmune Therapeutics Inc (AIMT) CFO Acquires $99,200.00 in Stock WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Director Buys C$113,400.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Sells $94,320.00 in Stock PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) Director Purchases $102,160.00 in Stock United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) CEO Sells $153,598.00 in Stock Five Prime Therapeutics’ (FPRX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Gildan Activewear (GIL) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Baxter International (BAX) American Century Companies Inc. Sells 27 Shares of American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Position Reduced by American Century Companies Inc. Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Stake Raised by American Century Companies Inc. ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Stake Increased by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 7,693 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $1.346 Million Stake in Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Flinton Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Ryanair Holdings plc (RYAAY) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by American Century Companies Inc. Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $168,000 Position in Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Dana Inc (DAN) Shares Sold by Flinton Capital Management LLC Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Position Cut by Flinton Capital Management LLC Insider Selling: Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Sells $94,320.00 in Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) insider Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.79, for a total value of $94,320.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 63,825 shares in the company, valued at $752,496.75. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Yoram Palti also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 16th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.05, for a total value of $96,400.00. On Wednesday, May 10th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.29, for a total value of $98,320.00. On Monday, May 8th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.82, for a total value of $94,560.00. On Thursday, May 4th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.42, for a total value of $91,360.00. On Tuesday, May 2nd, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.64, for a total value of $93,120.00. On Friday, April 28th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.25, for a total value of $90,000.00. On Wednesday, April 26th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.78, for a total value of $86,240.00. On Monday, April 24th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.26, for a total value of $90,080.00. On Thursday, April 20th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.24, for a total value of $89,920.00. On Monday, April 17th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.77, for a total value of $43,080.00. Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded down 1.33% on Thursday, reaching $11.15. The company had a trading volume of 163,006 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $982.86 million. Novocure Ltd has a 52-week low of $5.95 and a 52-week high of $14.30. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $11.03 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.51. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $34.88 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $39.46 million. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. Analysts expect that Novocure Ltd will post ($0.80) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/insider-selling-novocure-ltd-nvcr-insider-sells-94320-00-in-stock.html. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on NVCR shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a report on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research cut Novocure from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Aegis reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Novocure presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $16.43. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in NVCR. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Novocure by 12.0% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,047,940 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $24,688,000 after buying an additional 325,512 shares during the last quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. raised its position in shares of Novocure by 3.5% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,818,079 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $15,526,000 after buying an additional 62,200 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Novocure by 7.4% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 1,210,934 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $10,051,000 after buying an additional 83,448 shares during the period. Tamarack Advisers LP bought a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth $6,557,000. Finally, Courage Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth $4,270,000. 21.98% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman NeighborWorks Training Institute in Minneapolis will attract 1,600+ community-development professionals, $1.7 million in economic impact As national student loan debt soars at $1.4+ trillion, course helps counselors address nationwide problem MINNEAPOLIS, MN–(Marketwired – May 18, 2017) – An estimated $1.7 million boost is coming to the Minneapolis economy when more than 1,600 community-development professionals from around the country convene in the city for the NeighborWorks Training Institute May 22-26. The week-long event is hosted by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, dba NeighborWorks America, a national, congressionally chartered nonprofit that creates opportunities for people to live in affordable homes, improve their lives and strengthen their communities. Included in the more than 100 affordable housing, community development and nonprofit management classes and workshops at the NeighborWorks Training Institute is the course Effective Approaches to Student Loan Counseling (HO255), which highlights effective ways to teach borrowers about a wide array of Federal and private student loan products. At a time when many young adults are graduating from college, the participants in the course will learn how to help borrowers develop a strategy to meet the financial responsibility of this type of debt. National student loan debt is currently more than $1.4 trillion, and people who graduate from college in Minnesota have an average of $21,744 in debt, more than in most states. „NeighborWorks Training Institutes give community-development professionals the knowledge to go back to their communities and make strong contributions and a local impact,” said Paul Weech, chief executive officer of NeighborWorks America. „Student loans can confuse borrowers, and we’re pleased that this course is helping counselors talk through options for borrowers, and those struggling to make student loan payments.” A new survey from NeighborWorks America showed that U.S. adults with student loan debt were more likely to say that they need guidance on financial situations. Nearly 30 percent of adults have no emergency savings, according to the same survey, which means that a person already struggling to pay student loans could have one unexpected hardship, like a medical bill, and fall further into financial trouble. The NeighborWorks Training Institute in Minneapolis is supported by a variety of partners, including JPMorgan Chase Foundation, Fifth Third Bank, NeighborWorks Capital, Wells Fargo Housing Foundation, Bank of America, HUD, Citi and Citi Foundation, Bank of the West, BB&T, and Capital One. In addition to the training institute, NeighborWorks organizations work every day to serve Minnesota. The following NeighborWorks organizations are in Minnesota: Aeon, CommonBond Communities, Dayton’s Bluff Neighborhood Housing Services, Midwest Minnesota Community Development Corporation, NeighborWorks Home Partners, One Roof Community Housing, and Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership. In fiscal year 2016, NeighborWorks organizations in Minnesota generated nearly $305 million in total direct investment and served more than 14,500 individuals and families. To read more about NeighborWorks organizations’ impact, view the NeighborWorks America interactive map. For more information about NeighborWorks America, visit neighborworks.org. About NeighborWorks America For nearly 40 years, NeighborWorks America, a national, nonpartisan nonprofit, has created opportunities for people to improve their lives and strengthen their communities by providing access to homeownership and to safe and affordable rental housing. In the last five years, NeighborWorks organizations have generated more than $27.2 billion in reinvestment in these communities. NeighborWorks America is the nation’s leading trainer of community development and affordable housing professionals. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Shifts Focus to Leukemia Drug Next PostNext Freddie Mac (FMCC: OTCQB) | Freddie Mac Announces First RPL Structured Sale of SLST Program in 2017 Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $77.972 Million Stake in Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) First Trust Advisors LP Purchases 1,123 Shares of NCR Co. (NCR) Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Stake Increased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $4.61 Million Stake in Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) MCF Advisors LLC Has $136,000 Position in Morgan Stanley (MS) First Trust Advisors LP Reduces Position in Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $1.471 Million Stake in China Mobile Ltd. (CHL) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $7.548 Million Position in American Tower Corp (AMT) First Trust Advisors LP Reduces Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $1.468 Million Stake in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INFI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Moneygram International Inc (MGI) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Colfax Corp (CFX) to Strong-Buy TG Therapeutics Inc (TGTX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research ValuEngine Upgrades Natural Resource Partners LP (NRP) to “Strong-Buy” Intel Co. (INTC) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Tofutti Brands (TOF) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.09 MCF Advisors LLC Has $136,000 Position in Morgan Stanley (MS) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet MCF Advisors LLC reduced its position in shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) by 8.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,184 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 309 shares during the period. MCF Advisors LLC’s holdings in Morgan Stanley were worth $136,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. SOL Capital Management CO bought a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the third quarter worth about $229,000. Markston International LLC raised its stake in Morgan Stanley by 4.5% in the third quarter. Markston International LLC now owns 181,024 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,804,000 after buying an additional 7,811 shares in the last quarter. Ballentine Partners LLC bought a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the third quarter worth about $215,000. Quantitative Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the third quarter worth about $6,982,000. Finally, Essex Investment Management Co. LLC raised its stake in Morgan Stanley by 6.8% in the third quarter. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC now owns 300,138 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $9,622,000 after buying an additional 18,988 shares in the last quarter. 85.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded up 1.257% on Thursday, hitting $41.485. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 5,234,291 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $42.65 and a 200 day moving average of $42.66. The firm has a market cap of $76.74 billion, a PE ratio of 12.306 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley has a 1-year low of $23.11 and a 1-year high of $47.33. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $9.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.55 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.48 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 1st were given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 27th. Morgan Stanley’s payout ratio is 27.40%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/mcf-advisors-llc-has-136000-position-in-morgan-stanley-ms.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on MS. Compass Point began coverage on Morgan Stanley in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $46.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Morgan Stanley from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Daiwa Capital Markets raised Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, nineteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $42.16. In other news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 212,365 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.93, for a total transaction of $9,116,829.45. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 1,389,378 shares in the company, valued at approximately $59,645,997.54. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS). Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Brazil markets plunge as Temer scandal threatens reforms By Reuters Published: 11:28 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 17:33 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares By Bruno Federowski and Dion Rabouin SAO PAULO/NEW YORK, May 18 (Reuters) - Brazilian markets plummeted on Thursday as allegations that President Michel Temer condoned bribes to silence a key witness deflated investor optimism about the prospects for his ambitious pension and labor reform agenda. Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index closed 8.8 percent lower, its biggest daily decline since the 2008 financial crisis. Trading had been halted for an hour after a 10 percent drop triggered a circuit-breaker mechanism. Blue-chip stocks such as lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA and state-controlled oil company Petróleo Brasileiro SA dragged the index lower. The declines slashed 26 billion reais ($7.7 billion) off the individual market values of Itaú and Petrobras. Temer was caught on tape encouraging a prominent executive to pay a monthly fee to keep jailed former House Speaker Eduardo Cunha silent in the country's biggest-ever graft probe, sources said on Wednesday, confirming a report in newspaper O Globo. "Brazilian stocks and assets and their currency have rallied very strongly up until really today. It's a big pullback and ... it at least brings the risk up to the surface again," Alliance Bernstein Managing Director of Equity Product Management Eric Sprow said. The report threatened to torpedo a two-year rally in Brazilian assets as traders quickly reassessed the chances of success of efforts to streamline the country's social security system and reform labor regulations. As a result, policymakers' attempts to curtail the growth of public debt and foster economic growth may also be in doubt. Strategists at JPMorgan Securities and UBS Securities downgraded their recommendations on Brazilian equities to "neutral," citing increased risks to the implementation of structural reforms. Trader Thiago Castellan at São Paulo-based Renascença brokerage said: "For the market, it's not a question of whether Temer will be ousted or not. The question is whether it will be quick and for how long reforms will be delayed." Temer denied the allegations on Thursday, saying he will not resign. His remarks disappointed traders who had hoped for a swift resolution to the political crisis, putting renewed pressure on Brazilian stocks and currencies going into the close. POLICYMAKERS SPRING TO ACTION The Brazilian real slumped 8 percent to 3.38 reais, the biggest percentage drop since the currency was devalued in 1999, wiping out its gains in 2017, while bond prices tumbled. Strategists at Credit Suisse Securities revised forecasts for the Brazilian real, saying the reform agenda was likely to be put on hold. They expect the currency to weaken to 3.50 in three months and 3.70 in 12 months, up from 3.20 and 3.50 previously. The sharp moves drove the market operator B3 to widen the limits on trading of several derivatives and put policymakers on alert. The central bank sold $4 billion worth of new traditional currency swaps, increasing the stock of outstanding swaps by nearly a fourth from the current $17.7 billion. Over the last two years, the bank has acted to reduce the amount of swaps, which function like future dollar sales to investors, from more than $100 billion by late 2015, to cut taxpayers' exposure to currency moves and limit market imbalances. The National Treasury also swept to action, calling off an auction of fixed-rate and floating-rate bonds scheduled for Thursday and offering to buy or sell local notes in three extraordinary auctions in coming days. Yields paid on Brazilian interest rate futures spiked as traders bet the central bank would be forced to cut rates at a slower pace as the reforms outlook dimmed. Rate futures prices indicated traders saw a 79 percent chance that the central bank would cut the benchmark Selic rate by 50 basis points this month and a 21 percent chance of a 75 basis-point reduction. On Wednesday, most bets pointed to a cut of 125 basis points. (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Additional reporting by Claudia Violante and Patricia Duarte; Editing by Christian Plumb and Richard Chang) Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Jennifer Garner is a vision in strapless dress as she joins Bryan Cranston at Wakefield NYC screening Soon-to-be-divorced Jen was not alone Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  The diva does casual! Mariah Carey slips into busty tank top and floral leggings as she heads to grocery store in LA Photographed swinging by a grocery store SPOILER ALERT: Grey's Anatomy regular departs the hospital in show's surprising 13th season finale Memorial building caught fire It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected Downhill kisser! Lindsey Vonn shares an awkward smooch with her boyfriend Kenan Smith at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere New York event Go hard or go home! Iggy Azalea flaunts her toned tummy and ample cleavage in a crop top and skintight leggings as she promotes Switch She's an hourglass In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl Eighties comic and I'm a Celebrity star Tommy Cannon is declared bankrupt after being hit with a £800,000 tax bill Achieved fame with partner Bobby Ball SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER SPOILER ALERT: Scandal season six comes to a gripping finale full of political intrigue Olivia Pope and her crisis management firm Family business! Teresa Giudice and Melissa Gorga look lovely in blush and red as they attend the opening of Joe's eatery In New Jersey LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying Smiling Rebel Wilson carries a koala purse as she appears at Supreme Court in Melbourne ahead of her defamation trial against Woman's Day magazine This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   'It's a tradition now': Johnny Depp greets Jimmy Kimmel with big kiss on the lips while appearing on chat show Joining his chat show taped in Hollywood Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down During an interview  Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Hoping to get noticed! Becky G puts on eye-popping display in plunging white frock at Hollywood premiere Plunging neckline on a sleeveless frock Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JetBlue Airways Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: LendingClub Corp (LC) Insider Sells $315,885.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Seacor Holdings, Inc. (CKH) Vice Chairman Sells $249,627.62 in Stock Insider Selling: JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) EVP Sells $325,050.00 in Stock WellCare Health Plans (WCG) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Kinross Gold (KGC) Qiwi PLC to Issue Dividend of $0.20 (qiwi) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Shares Sold by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System First Trust Advisors LP Has $16.503 Million Position in OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) First Trust Advisors LP Acquires 109,938 Shares of Enbridge Inc (ENB) W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Shares Bought by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDK) Position Increased by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Boosts Stake in Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Position Held by WealthTrust Fairport LLC Guggenheim Raises Tesla Inc (TSLA) Price Target to $380.00 UNICREDIT SPA NPV (POST REV SPLIT) (UNCFF) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cumulus Media Inc (CMLS) Receives Hold Rating from Noble Financial Blue Prism Group PLC (PRSM) Earns “Buy” Rating from Investec Needham & Company LLC Raises Trevena Inc (TRVN) Price Target to $11.00 Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Insider Selling: JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) EVP Sells $325,050.00 in Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet JetBlue Airways Co. (NASDAQ:JBLU) EVP James G. Hnat sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.67, for a total value of $325,050.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 48,992 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,061,656.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. JetBlue Airways Co. (NASDAQ:JBLU) traded up 0.95% during trading on Thursday, reaching $21.16. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,750,607 shares. JetBlue Airways Co. has a 52-week low of $14.76 and a 52-week high of $23.15. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $21.34 and a 200-day moving average price of $20.70. The stock has a market cap of $7.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.33 and a beta of 0.26. JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The transportation company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.60 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.62 billion. JetBlue Airways had a return on equity of 20.64% and a net margin of 11.31%. The firm’s revenue was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.61 EPS. On average, analysts expect that JetBlue Airways Co. will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/insider-selling-jetblue-airways-co-jblu-evp-sells-325050-00-in-stock.html. JBLU has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered JetBlue Airways from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Vetr lowered JetBlue Airways from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $23.99 price target for the company. in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Imperial Capital reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $29.00 price target on shares of JetBlue Airways in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded JetBlue Airways from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $21.42 to $27.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Wolfe Research lowered JetBlue Airways from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. JetBlue Airways presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.58. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of JetBlue Airways by 13,299.6% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 27,408,463 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $564,889,000 after buying an additional 27,203,916 shares in the last quarter. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC bought a new stake in shares of JetBlue Airways during the fourth quarter worth approximately $64,478,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of JetBlue Airways by 32.2% in the first quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 10,805,538 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $222,704,000 after buying an additional 2,632,973 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of JetBlue Airways by 7.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 28,930,739 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $596,262,000 after buying an additional 2,085,912 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of JetBlue Airways during the fourth quarter worth approximately $44,734,000. 80.57% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About JetBlue Airways JetBlue Airways Corporation is a passenger carrier company. The Company provides air transportation services across the United States, the Caribbean and Latin America. Its segments include Domestic, and Caribbean & Latin America. It operates various kinds of aircrafts, including Airbus A321, Airbus A320 and Embraer E190. Receive News & Ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Neighborworks America May 18, 2017 11:06 ET NeighborWorks Training Institute in Minneapolis will attract 1,600+ community-development professionals, $1.7 million in economic impact As national student loan debt soars at $1.4+ trillion, course helps counselors address nationwide problem MINNEAPOLIS, MN--(Marketwired - May 18, 2017) - An estimated $1.7 million boost is coming to the Minneapolis economy when more than 1,600 community-development professionals from around the country convene in the city for the NeighborWorks Training Institute May 22-26. The week-long event is hosted by the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, dba NeighborWorks America, a national, congressionally chartered nonprofit that creates opportunities for people to live in affordable homes, improve their lives and strengthen their communities. Included in the more than 100 affordable housing, community development and nonprofit management classes and workshops at the NeighborWorks Training Institute is the course Effective Approaches to Student Loan Counseling (HO255), which highlights effective ways to teach borrowers about a wide array of Federal and private student loan products. At a time when many young adults are graduating from college, the participants in the course will learn how to help borrowers develop a strategy to meet the financial responsibility of this type of debt. National student loan debt is currently more than $1.4 trillion, and people who graduate from college in Minnesota have an average of $21,744 in debt, more than in most states. "NeighborWorks Training Institutes give community-development professionals the knowledge to go back to their communities and make strong contributions and a local impact," said Paul Weech, chief executive officer of NeighborWorks America. "Student loans can confuse borrowers, and we're pleased that this course is helping counselors talk through options for borrowers, and those struggling to make student loan payments." A new survey from NeighborWorks America showed that U.S. adults with student loan debt were more likely to say that they need guidance on financial situations. Nearly 30 percent of adults have no emergency savings, according to the same survey, which means that a person already struggling to pay student loans could have one unexpected hardship, like a medical bill, and fall further into financial trouble. The NeighborWorks Training Institute in Minneapolis is supported by a variety of partners, including JPMorgan Chase Foundation, Fifth Third Bank, NeighborWorks Capital, Wells Fargo Housing Foundation, Bank of America, HUD, Citi and Citi Foundation, Bank of the West, BB&T, and Capital One. In addition to the training institute, NeighborWorks organizations work every day to serve Minnesota. The following NeighborWorks organizations are in Minnesota: Aeon, CommonBond Communities, Dayton's Bluff Neighborhood Housing Services, Midwest Minnesota Community Development Corporation, NeighborWorks Home Partners, One Roof Community Housing, and Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership. In fiscal year 2016, NeighborWorks organizations in Minnesota generated nearly $305 million in total direct investment and served more than 14,500 individuals and families. To read more about NeighborWorks organizations' impact, view the NeighborWorks America interactive map. For more information about NeighborWorks America, visit neighborworks.org. About NeighborWorks America For nearly 40 years, NeighborWorks America, a national, nonpartisan nonprofit, has created opportunities for people to improve their lives and strengthen their communities by providing access to homeownership and to safe and affordable rental housing. In the last five years, NeighborWorks organizations have generated more than $27.2 billion in reinvestment in these communities. NeighborWorks America is the nation's leading trainer of community development and affordable housing professionals. Contact Information Lindsay Moore lmoore@nw.org 202-760-4059 @neighborworkspr Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Neighborworks America From this industry Education and Training Financial Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Schools and Courses, Colleges/Universities Training/Online Personal Finance Residential Real Estate See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qiwi PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS ProQR Therapeutics NV (PRQR) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Hickok Incorporated (HICKA) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Sevcon Inc (SEV) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for DXC Technology Company (DXC) Delphi Automotive PLC’s (DLPH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Jefferies Group LLC Raises CIGNA Co. (CI) Price Target to $183.00 Chicago Equity Partners LLC Cuts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $105.672 Million Position in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) LSV Asset Management Increases Position in SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Reduces Stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $8.715 Million Stake in Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Clarus Securities Weighs in on Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd’s FY2017 Earnings (TVE) LSV Asset Management Has $207.138 Million Position in American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) 2,485 Shares in J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Acquired by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Nwam LLC Sells 202 Shares of Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires 2,680 Shares of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (CORT) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Position in Sabre Corp (SABR) Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The credit services provider reported $0.37 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $2.91 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.72 billion. Qiwi PLC had a net margin of 21.93% and a return on equity of 20.46%. The company’s revenue was up 15.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $20.41 EPS. Shares of Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) traded up 2.43% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $21.53. 370,066 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average is $18.24 and its 200 day moving average is $14.87. Qiwi PLC has a 1-year low of $11.26 and a 1-year high of $22.34. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.30 billion, a PE ratio of 16.37 and a beta of 3.54. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, May 30th will be issued a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. Qiwi PLC’s dividend payout ratio is currently 112.63%. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in Qiwi PLC stock. State Street Corp increased its position in Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) by 8.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 46,495 shares of the credit services provider’s stock after buying an additional 3,681 shares during the period. State Street Corp owned approximately 0.08% of Qiwi PLC worth $594,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 41.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/qiwi-plc-qiwi-posts-quarterly-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-13-eps.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Qiwi PLC from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Qiwi PLC from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Qiwi PLC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $15.00 to $23.00 in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Qiwi PLC in a report on Friday, April 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. About Qiwi PLC QIWI plc is a provider of payment services in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The Company’s network enables payment services across physical, online and mobile channels. The Company operates in target markets and customer segments. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had deployed over 17.2 million virtual wallets, over 162,000 kiosks and terminals, and enabled merchants to accept over Russian rubles 70 billion cash and electronic payments monthly. Receive News & Ratings for Qiwi PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Praxair, Inc. (PX) Shares Bought by Usca Ria LLC Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Sells 2,629 Shares of Chemours Co (CC) Sprint Corp (S) Short Interest Down 2.2% in April Hawkins Capital L.P. Has $708,000 Stake in Halliburton Company (HAL) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Takes Position in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Halliburton Company (HAL) Shares Bought by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Stake Maintained by Webster Bank N. A. Appleton Partners Inc. MA Invests $215,000 in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Appleton Partners Inc. MA Has $332,000 Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX) OLD National Bancorp IN Sells 250 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Stake Boosted by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI LendingClub Corp (LC) Short Interest Update Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for General Dynamics (GD) Open Text Corp (OTEX) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Boston Scientific (BSX) Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) Aetna (AET) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Raised to Hold at Stephens Monroe Capital Corp (MRCC) Earns “Buy” Rating from National Securities Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Raised to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG OLD National Bancorp IN Sells 250 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet OLD National Bancorp IN lowered its stake in shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 1.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 16,280 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 250 shares during the period. OLD National Bancorp IN’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $1,179,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the stock. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of AFLAC during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,454,272,000. Nordea Investment Management AB raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 2.0% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 6,796,905 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $488,494,000 after buying an additional 131,005 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 75.7% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 4,217,298 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $293,524,000 after buying an additional 1,817,630 shares during the period. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,677,532 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $186,369,000 after buying an additional 103,950 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 62.45% of the company’s stock. AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.03% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $73.60. 94,025 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $29.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.97 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $73.74 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.40. AFLAC Incorporated has a 52 week low of $66.50 and a 52 week high of $76.88. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.67 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.62 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $5.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.40 billion. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.74 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.52 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be issued a dividend of $0.43 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 22nd. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.34%. AFLAC’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/old-national-bancorp-in-sells-250-shares-of-aflac-incorporated-afl.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on shares of AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $66.00 price target (up from $62.00) on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $82.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Vetr upgraded shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.50 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of AFLAC from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $73.71. In other news, insider Charles D. Lake II sold 8,693 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.85, for a total transaction of $615,899.05. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 28,756 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,037,362.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider James Todd Daniels sold 1,400 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.39, for a total value of $101,346.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 15,699 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,136,450.61. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 50,630 shares of company stock worth $3,618,493. Insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Radius Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: Brink's Company (BCO) Insider Purchases $585,600.00 in Stock Michael Burkland Sells 24,000 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Insider Buys £4,865.70 in Stock Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Forterra Inc (FRTA) Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for HNZ Group Inc Issued By Desjardins (HNZ) Growth N. V. Biotech Acquires 15,000 Shares of Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Nordstrom (JWN) Cowen and Company Raises Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Price Target to $145.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades American Renal Associates Holdings Inc (ARA) to Hold Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Albemarle’s (ALB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Nomura Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Lifted to “Hold” at Loop Capital Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Alere’s (ALR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at BTIG Research Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Boosts Position in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact United Continental Holdings (UAL) Stock Price Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.18 Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Growth N. V. Biotech Acquires 15,000 Shares of Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS) major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech bought 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was bought at an average price of $34.00 per share, with a total value of $510,000.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 4,873,799 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $165,709,166. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Large shareholders that own at least 10% of a company’s shares are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Shares of Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS) opened at 33.1406 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $36.80 and its 200-day moving average price is $42.07. Radius Health Inc has a 12-month low of $31.41 and a 12-month high of $59.88. The company’s market cap is $1.44 billion. Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.32) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.18) by $0.14. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned ($0.94) EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Radius Health Inc will post ($4.41) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Growth N. V. Biotech Acquires 15,000 Shares of Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/growth-n-v-biotech-acquires-15000-shares-of-radius-health-inc-rdus-stock.html. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new stake in shares of Radius Health during the third quarter valued at $2,300,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Radius Health during the third quarter valued at $9,276,000. Nippon Life Insurance Co. bought a new position in shares of Radius Health during the third quarter worth about $1,455,000. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in shares of Radius Health by 17.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 2,082 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 314 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Radius Health by 31.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 36,175 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,957,000 after buying an additional 8,679 shares during the last quarter. 95.84% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. A number of brokerages have commented on RDUS. Maxim Group set a $24.00 target price on Radius Health and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Radius Health in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Canaccord Genuity set a $85.00 target price on Radius Health and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $65.00 target price on Radius Health and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. Finally, Cowen and Company cut Radius Health from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $56.83. About Radius Health Radius Health, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the developing therapeutics in the areas of osteoporosis, oncology and endocrine diseases. The Company’s lead investigational product candidate, abaloparatide for subcutaneous injection, or abaloparatide-SC, has completed Phase III development for potential use in the treatment of women with postmenopausal osteoporosis. Receive News & Ratings for Radius Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) Stake Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Sells 37,120 Shares of Navient Corp (NAVI) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $745,000 Stake in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Invests $712,000 in Cray Inc. (CRAY) Insider Buying: Brink's Company (BCO) Insider Purchases $585,600.00 in Stock Michael Burkland Sells 24,000 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Insider Buys £4,865.70 in Stock Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Forterra Inc (FRTA) Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for HNZ Group Inc Issued By Desjardins (HNZ) Growth N. V. Biotech Acquires 15,000 Shares of Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Nordstrom (JWN) Cowen and Company Raises Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Price Target to $145.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades American Renal Associates Holdings Inc (ARA) to Hold Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Albemarle’s (ALB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Nomura Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Lifted to “Hold” at Loop Capital Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Alere’s (ALR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at BTIG Research Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Boosts Position in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Sells 37,120 Shares of Navient Corp (NAVI) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. decreased its position in shares of Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) by 43.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 49,093 shares of the credit services provider’s stock after selling 37,120 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Navient Corp were worth $725,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 14.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 401,283 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $5,798,000 after buying an additional 49,411 shares during the period. Quantbot Technologies LP raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 153.4% in the third quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP now owns 47,800 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $691,000 after buying an additional 28,937 shares during the period. LMR Partners LLP raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 10.7% in the third quarter. LMR Partners LLP now owns 44,807 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $648,000 after buying an additional 4,349 shares during the period. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 13.5% in the third quarter. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC now owns 11,553 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 1,373 shares during the period. Finally, Visionary Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 222,333 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $3,217,000 after buying an additional 1,896 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.89% of the company’s stock. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) opened at 13.7298 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $3.91 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 7.2224 and a beta of 2.57. Navient Corp has a 52-week low of $11.01 and a 52-week high of $17.95. The company’s 50-day moving average is $14.93 and its 200 day moving average is $15.57. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The credit services provider reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $334 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $345.60 million. Navient Corp had a return on equity of 15.65% and a net margin of 13.72%. The firm’s revenue was down 19.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.43 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Navient Corp will post $1.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.69%. Navient Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 30.19%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/mitsubishi-ufj-kokusai-asset-management-co-ltd-sells-37120-shares-of-navient-corp-navi.html. Several analysts have recently issued reports on NAVI shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Navient Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on shares of Navient Corp from $21.00 to $20.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Wedbush started coverage on shares of Navient Corp in a research note on Monday, January 30th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $16.50 target price for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $18.00 target price on shares of Navient Corp in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on shares of Navient Corp from $17.00 to $16.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $17.75. In other news, Director Gilleland Diane Suitt sold 5,467 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.89, for a total transaction of $86,870.63. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Navient Corp Navient Corporation provides asset management and business processing services to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state and local levels. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or federally guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NAVI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI). Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hibbett Sports Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibbett Sports Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Boosts Position in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact United Continental Holdings (UAL) Stock Price Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.18 Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Unifi (UFI) Stock Price 118,700 Shares in Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) Acquired by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (SC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Pfizer (PFE) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Tyler Technologies (TYL) Jefferies Group Comments on AmerisourceBergen Corp.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ABC) Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Insider Sells $744,469.08 in Stock UGI Corp (UGI) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.18 Per Share Jefferies Group Comments on Continental Resources, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CLR) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (RBA) Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) SVP Sells $864,687.15 in Stock Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Hibbett Sports, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIBB) updated its FY18 earnings guidance on Thursday. The company provided EPS guidance of $2.35-2.55 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $2.46. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the company. B. Riley reiterated a neutral rating and set a $34.00 target price on shares of Hibbett Sports in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated a neutral rating and set a $32.00 target price (down from $45.00) on shares of Hibbett Sports in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded Hibbett Sports from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $34.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Stephens downgraded Hibbett Sports from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus cut their target price on Hibbett Sports from $38.00 to $30.00 and set a hold rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $34.47. Shares of Hibbett Sports, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIBB) opened at 23.05 on Thursday. Hibbett Sports, Inc. has a 52 week low of $22.90 and a 52 week high of $45.85. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.99 and a 200 day moving average price of $33.17. The firm has a market cap of $491.91 million, a PE ratio of 8.47 and a beta of 0.84. Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The company reported $0.97 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.01. Hibbett Sports had a return on equity of 20.53% and a net margin of 6.84%. The firm had revenue of $275.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $275.49 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.22 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Hibbett Sports, Inc. will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current year. In other Hibbett Sports news, SVP Jared S. Briskin sold 3,040 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.47, for a total transaction of $86,548.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. 2.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/hibbett-sports-inc-hibb-issues-fy18-earnings-guidance.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Hibbett Sports by 7.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,190 shares of the company’s stock worth $123,000 after buying an additional 291 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in Hibbett Sports by 28.7% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 123,828 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,652,000 after buying an additional 27,582 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Hibbett Sports by 17.6% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 200,995 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,928,000 after buying an additional 30,016 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp increased its stake in Hibbett Sports by 9.9% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 717,286 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,161,000 after buying an additional 64,599 shares during the last quarter. Hibbett Sports Company Profile Hibbett Sports, Inc operates athletic specialty stores in small and mid-sized markets in the South, Southwest, Mid-Atlantic and the Midwest regions of the United States. As of January 28, 2017, the Company had operated 1,078 stores consisting of 1,059 Hibbett Sports stores and 19 smaller-format Sports Additions athletic shoe stores in 35 states. Receive News & Ratings for Hibbett Sports Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibbett Sports Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share US Financial 15 Split Corp. TSX : FTU.PR.B May 18, 2017 09:00 ET US Financial 15 Split Corp. Preferred Dividend Declared TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - May 18, 2017) - US Financial 15 Split Corp ("US Financial 15") declares its monthly distribution of $0.03776 for each Preferred share, or 5.25% annually based on the previous month end net asset value. Distributions are payable June 9, 2017 to shareholders on record as at May 31, 2017. US Financial 15 invests in a portfolio consisting of 15 U.S. financial services companies as follows: American Express, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Citigroup, CME Group Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, The Goldman Sachs Group, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, PNC Financial Services group Inc., Regions Financial Corp., State Street Corp., SunTrust Banks, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. Distribution Details Preferred Share (FTU.PR.B) $0.03776 Ex-Dividend Date: May 29, 2017 Record Date: May 31, 2017 Payable Date: June 9, 2017 Contact Information Investor Relations: 1-877-478-2372 Local: 416-304-4443 info@quadravest.com www.financial15.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company US Financial 15 Split Corp. From this industry Financial Services From this sub-industry Personal Finance See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Electric Company (GE) Chairman Purchases $2,807,000.00 in Stock Richard D. Fain Sells 20,000 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Stock Winder Investment Pte Ltd Purchases 20,000 Shares of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Stock L Edward Shaw, Jr. Sells 26,250 Shares of MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) Stock Robyn L. Ewing Sells 81,561 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Stock Insider Selling: CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) CFO Sells $2,564,473.24 in Stock Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for BorgWarner (BWA) Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Updates Q4 Earnings Guidance Vitae Pharmaceuticals (VTAE) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.18 Western Gas Partners, (WES) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.01 Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Sells 3,550 Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. RPM International Inc. (RPM) Rating Increased to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Parsec Financial Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Strs Ohio Boosts Stake in J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) PharMerica Co. (PMC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Increases Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Price Target to $18.00 Strs Ohio Has $1,126,000 Position in CACI International Inc (CACI) General Electric Company (GE) Chairman Purchases $2,807,000.00 in Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Chairman Jeffrey R. Immelt acquired 100,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $28.07 per share, with a total value of $2,807,000.00. Following the purchase, the chairman now owns 2,561,926 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $71,913,262.82. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 27.41 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $29.35 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.21. The stock has a market cap of $238.03 billion, a PE ratio of 27.91 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company has a 52-week low of $27.41 and a 52-week high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last announced its earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $27.66 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.21 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “General Electric Company (GE) Chairman Purchases $2,807,000.00 in Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/general-electric-company-ge-chairman-purchases-2807000-00-in-stock.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. increased its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. now owns 20,553 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $613,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Valmark Advisers Inc. increased its stake in General Electric Company by 1.1% in the first quarter. Valmark Advisers Inc. now owns 9,659 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $288,000 after buying an additional 102 shares in the last quarter. Condor Capital Management increased its stake in General Electric Company by 0.4% in the first quarter. Condor Capital Management now owns 27,791 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $828,000 after buying an additional 106 shares in the last quarter. Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. increased its stake in General Electric Company by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 7,488 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $237,000 after buying an additional 111 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Insight 2811 Inc. increased its stake in General Electric Company by 0.3% in the first quarter. Insight 2811 Inc. now owns 37,789 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $1,126,000 after buying an additional 118 shares in the last quarter. 54.68% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. A number of brokerages have weighed in on GE. William Blair reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Saturday, April 1st. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $37.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Monday, March 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Argus reduced their price objective on General Electric Company from $36.00 to $33.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $28.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. General Electric Company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $31.73. General Electric Company Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance G4S plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for G4S plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Capricor Therapeutics Inc (CAPR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Howard M. Lorber Sells 226,834 Shares of Vector Group Ltd (VGR) Stock DDR Corp (DDR) Major Shareholder Acquires $4,700,000.00 in Stock Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research L Brands Inc (LB) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Skypeople Fruit Juice Inc (SPU) Announces Earnings Results G4S plc (GFS) Insider Purchases £31,800 in Stock Corindus Vascular Robotics Inc (CVRS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Raschid Michael Abdullah Sells 90,000 Shares of Petards Group plc (PEG) Stock Short Interest in ArQule, Inc. (ARQL) Increases By 2.1% Strs Ohio Sells 3,400 Shares of DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Barton Investment Management Sells 500 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) Strs Ohio Has $1.174 Million Position in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Strs Ohio Sells 8,036 Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Position Held by Sapphire Star Partners LP United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Shell Asset Management Co. Invests $560,000 in Progress Software Co. (PRGS) First Community Bancshares Inc (FCBC) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Shell Asset Management Co. Lowers Position in Power Integrations Inc (POWI) G4S plc (GFS) Insider Purchases £31,800 in Stock May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet G4S plc (LON:GFS) insider Winnie Kin Wah Fok acquired 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 318 ($4.10) per share, with a total value of £31,800 ($41,048.15). G4S plc (LON:GFS) opened at 318.90 on Thursday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 4.93 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 310.23 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 266.66. G4S plc has a one year low of GBX 145.00 and a one year high of GBX 327.30. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a GBX 5.82 ($0.08) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.02%. This is an increase from G4S plc’s previous dividend of $3.59. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “G4S plc (GFS) Insider Purchases £31,800 in Stock” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/g4s-plc-gfs-insider-purchases-31800-in-stock.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on G4S plc from GBX 290 ($3.74) to GBX 323 ($4.17) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price target on G4S plc from GBX 310 ($4.00) to GBX 350 ($4.52) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Morgan Stanley raised their price target on G4S plc from GBX 285 ($3.68) to GBX 330 ($4.26) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “reduce” rating and issued a GBX 259 ($3.34) price target on shares of G4S plc in a report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on G4S plc from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 325 ($4.20) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 290.50 ($3.75). G4S plc Company Profile G4S Plc is a security company specializing in the provision of security and related services to customers. The Company’s segments include Africa, Asia Middle East, Latin America, Europe, North America, and UK & Ireland. It offers Secure solutions products, including manned security and facilities management services, and Cash solutions, mainly the provision of physical cash management services. Receive News & Ratings for G4S plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for G4S plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Credit Suisse Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Strs Ohio Sells 3,400 Shares of DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Barton Investment Management Sells 500 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) Strs Ohio Has $1.174 Million Position in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Strs Ohio Sells 8,036 Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Position Held by Sapphire Star Partners LP United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Shell Asset Management Co. Invests $560,000 in Progress Software Co. (PRGS) First Community Bancshares Inc (FCBC) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Shell Asset Management Co. Lowers Position in Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $592,000 Stake in Cameco Corp (CCJ) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $600,000 Stake in Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $20.539 Million Position in Southern Co (SO) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Purchases New Stake in Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Acquires 8,823 Shares of Antero Resources Corp (AR) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $507,000 Stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Sells 2,645 Shares of Southern Co (SO) Crawford & Company (crd.b) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 23rd BlackRock MuniHolding Insured Investm (MFL) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.05 Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrstrctre (MFD) Receives News Impact Score of 0.36 Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $507,000 Stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Janney Montgomery Scott LLC boosted its stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) by 18.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 34,192 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 5,410 shares during the period. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC’s holdings in Credit Suisse Group AG were worth $507,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 16.2% in the first quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 152,947 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,270,000 after buying an additional 21,289 shares during the last quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter worth about $211,000. Commonwealth Financial Services LLC increased its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 2.6% in the first quarter. Commonwealth Financial Services LLC now owns 19,704 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $283,000 after buying an additional 494 shares during the last quarter. Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter worth about $423,000. Finally, Edge Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter worth about $149,000. 2.25% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) opened at 14.28 on Thursday. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 52 week low of $10.01 and a 52 week high of $16.17. The company has a 50-day moving average of $14.81 and a 200-day moving average of $14.84. The company’s market cap is $29.75 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.31 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24 by $0.07. Credit Suisse Group AG had a negative return on equity of 4.12% and a negative net margin of 27.07%. The company had revenue of $5.51 billion for the quarter. On average, equities analysts expect that Credit Suisse Group AG will post $1.08 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be given a dividend of $0.7042 per share. This represents a yield of 4.6%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG’s payout ratio is currently -21.43%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/janney-montgomery-scott-llc-has-507000-stake-in-credit-suisse-group-ag-cs.html. CS has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a “buy” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. Credit Suisse Group AG has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $16.00. About Credit Suisse Group AG Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a financial services company. The Company’s segments include Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management, Asia Pacific, Global Markets, Investment Banking & Capital Markets, Strategic Resolution Unit and Corporate Center. It offers a range of private banking and wealth management solutions to its clients in its Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific divisions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS). Receive News & Ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for PepsiCo (PEP) L John Doerr Sells 13,355 Shares of Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stock Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Noble Energy (NBL) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Insider Buying: Advanced Oncotherapy PLC (AVO) Insider Purchases £50,625 in Stock Insider Selling: James Halstead PLC (JHD) Insider Sells £53,200 in Stock Investors Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Accelerate Diagnostics (AXDX) Wave Life Sciences (WVE) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Short Interest Update Palatin Technologies, Inc. (PTN) Issues Earnings Results YPF SA (YPF) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows SINA Corp (SINA) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.78 EPS Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Ascena Retail Group (ASNA) First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Robert W. Baird Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Downgraded by Stifel Nicolaus to Hold Kepler Capital Markets Upgrades Air France KLM SA (AFLYY) to Hold Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Rehan Jaffer Buys 640,000 Shares of Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Stock Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for PepsiCo (PEP) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet PepsiCo (NYSE: PEP) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 5/3/2017 – PepsiCo was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $125.54 price target on the stock. 5/1/2017 – PepsiCo had its price target raised by analysts at Cowen and Company from $120.00 to $128.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 5/1/2017 – PepsiCo had its “positive” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc. They now have a $134.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $132.00. 4/28/2017 – PepsiCo had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $113.00 price target on the stock. 4/27/2017 – PepsiCo had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $115.00 price target on the stock. 4/27/2017 – PepsiCo had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. 4/26/2017 – PepsiCo was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $125.54 price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – PepsiCo was given a new $115.00 price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – PepsiCo had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $120.00 to $127.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/18/2017 – PepsiCo was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. According to Zacks, “Pepsi’s CSD category has been facing the brunt of growing health awareness which resulted in a 1% volume decline in 2016. Although Pepsi performed well in 2016 in the emerging markets category, these markets have become increasingly volatile due to fluctuating currencies and other structural issues. Foreign exchange (Fx) is a major headwind for Pepsi with around 40% of its revenues coming from outside the U.S. Though the dollar has weakened slightly in 2016, the negative currency impact is still quite significant, hurting 3% in 2016 revenues. Currency headwinds are expected to hurt 2017 revenues by 3%. Meanwhile, estimates for the current quarter and year have moved downward in the last 60 days.” 4/12/2017 – PepsiCo was upgraded by analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating. They now have a $132.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $118.00. 3/23/2017 – PepsiCo had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from $115.00 to $121.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/23/2017 – PepsiCo had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $115.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – PepsiCo had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $115.00 price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – PepsiCo is now covered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 price target on the stock. Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) opened at 113.74 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $112.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $107.53. The company has a market cap of $162.48 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.51 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo, Inc. has a one year low of $98.50 and a one year high of $114.66. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.91 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $12.05 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.98 billion. PepsiCo had a return on equity of 56.16% and a net margin of 10.74%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.89 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.14 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a $0.805 dividend. This represents a $3.22 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.83%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. This is a boost from PepsiCo’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 66.01%. In other news, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total value of $466,251.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 112,519 shares in the company, valued at approximately $12,320,830.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, COO Vivek Sankaran sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.22, for a total value of $220,440.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 73,595 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,111,640.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 44,343 shares of company stock valued at $4,850,480. 0.33% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KeyCorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KeyCorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KeyCorp (KEY) Short Interest Update Foster & Motley Inc. Reduces Position in Nike Inc (NKE) Nike Inc (NKE) Shares Bought by IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Stake Increased by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) is BTIM Corp.’s 6th Largest Position Scotiabank Boosts Enerplus Corp (ERF) Price Target to C$17.50 First Capital Realty Inc (FCR) Given a C$22.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts HENKEL AG&CO. KGAA SPON (HENKY) Cut to “Outperform” at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Linamar Co. (LNR) PT Raised to C$69.00 HNZ Group Inc (HNZ) Price Target Raised to C$14.00 Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Cominar REIT Issued By Desjardins (CUF) Biocept Inc (BIOC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research ARI Network Services, Inc. (ARIS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Boosts Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Price Target to $59.00 Retirement Systems of Alabama Boosts Stake in Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Bought by TRUE Private Wealth Advisors Rothschild Investment Corp IL Increases Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $108,000 Stake in Tompkins Financial Co. (TMP) State of Alaska Department of Revenue Increases Position in Cavco Industries, Inc. (CVCO) KeyCorp (KEY) Short Interest Update May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) was the recipient of a significant decrease in short interest during the month of April. As of April 28th, there was short interest totalling 13,935,234 shares, a decrease of 21.6% from the April 13th total of 17,773,611 shares. Currently, 1.3% of the company’s stock are short sold. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 11,009,690 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.3 days. Shares of KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) opened at 17.65 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $18.01 and its 200 day moving average is $17.85. KeyCorp has a 52 week low of $10.21 and a 52 week high of $19.53. The firm has a market cap of $19.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.55 and a beta of 1.13. KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 20th. The financial services provider reported $0.32 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.28 by $0.04. KeyCorp had a net margin of 13.99% and a return on equity of 8.73%. The business had revenue of $1.51 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.47 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.24 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 44.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that KeyCorp will post $1.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 30th will be given a dividend of $0.095 per share. This represents a $0.38 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.15%. This is an increase from KeyCorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.09. KeyCorp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 42.50%. KEY has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $18.00 target price on KeyCorp and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, March 25th. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $22.00 target price (up previously from $21.00) on shares of KeyCorp in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of KeyCorp in a report on Friday, April 21st. Sandler O’Neill lowered KeyCorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised KeyCorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, April 24th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. KeyCorp has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.56. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of KeyCorp by 3.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 107,188,420 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,905,811,000 after buying an additional 3,502,973 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of KeyCorp by 3,258.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 84,413,892 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,500,878,000 after buying an additional 81,900,174 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of KeyCorp by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 59,949,722 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,095,287,000 after buying an additional 3,504,958 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of KeyCorp by 5.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 42,783,161 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $760,682,000 after buying an additional 2,386,757 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in shares of KeyCorp by 123.8% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 41,961,531 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $510,672,000 after buying an additional 23,213,619 shares in the last quarter. 79.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “KeyCorp (KEY) Short Interest Update” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/keycorp-key-short-interest-update.html. About KeyCorp KeyCorp is a bank holding company. The Company is a bank-based financial services company. The Company operates through its subsidiary, KeyBank National Association (KeyBank), which is engaged in providing banking services. Through KeyBank and other subsidiaries, it provides a range of retail and commercial banking, commercial leasing, investment management, consumer finance, and investment banking products and services to individual, corporate and institutional clients. Receive News & Ratings for KeyCorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KeyCorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm 15 June 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm 15 June 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Archives Stocktube LON:EZJ Gold above 200-MA, Long S&P 500 at 2330 - Tip TV Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print 11:49 18 May 2017 Alessio Rastani from LeadingTrader.com discuss the outlook for gold, AUD/USD and S&P 500. “I would be a buyer in the S&P500 around the 2330 levels”, says Rastani. He is bearish on the Aussie dollar and recommends selling the currency on the rise to 0.75 levels. Presenter Zak Mir takes note of the bearish price action on the JP Morgan Chase price chart and says, “The Financials are leading the market lower”.   Meet Proactiveinvestors at our event, London, 25 May 2017. Register here » Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Zak Mir Register here to be notified of future easyJet plc articles View full EZJ profile easyJet plc Timeline Article Tue easyJet posts record first-half loss but bets big on turnaround in fortunes Article April 18 2017 EasyJet apologises after couple removed from overbooked flight Article March 06 2017 easyJet flies higher on broker upgrade, increased passenger numbers Article February 28 2017 EasyJet set to fly off the FTSE 100 with Capita and Dixons Carphone in reshuffle Article January 30 2017 easyJet ‘lacking momentum’, says City broker Video January 27 2017 EasyJet may be set to descend below 900p says Zak Mir Article January 24 2017 easyJet shares fall 7% as revenue per seat recedes Article January 06 2017 Christmas and New Year holidays help easyJet reports rise in December passengers Newswire November 22 2016 HSBC rates easyJet winner in budget airline contest Article November 15 2016 easyjet profit falls nearly 30%, warns of fresh £90mln currency hit View All RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in easyJet plc View full company profile EasyJet is engaged in the provision of a low-cost airline service on short-haul and medium-haul point-to-point routes principally within Europe. EasyJet is engaged in the provision of a low-cost airline service on short-haul and medium-haul point-to-point routes principally within Europe. Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: EZJ Market Cap: 4,885.66M Latest Price: 1,230.00p  (0.65% ) 52-week H/L: 1,566.00p / 851.00p Sector: Travel, Leisure & Hospitality easyJet plc 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Proactive Investors Recommended ZoomAway Travel: Ready for take-off Galasys reports soaring sales and profit Game changer: Stock overhang clearance, funding boost to revive PCG Entertainment easyJet plc RNS announcements 2017-05-17 Holding(s) in Company2017-05-16 Half Yearly Report2017-05-12 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-05-12 Change in particulars of Director2017-05-05 Doc re. (Passenger Statistics for April 2017)2017-04-11 Director/PDMR Shareholding View all announcements easyJet plc news easyJet posts record first-half loss but bets big on turnaround in fortunesEasyJet apologises after couple removed from overbooked flighteasyJet flies higher on broker upgrade, increased passenger numbersEasyJet set to fly off the FTSE 100 with Capita and Dixons Carphone in reshuffleeasyJet ‘lacking momentum’, says City broker View All International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/18/2017 - 05/18/2017 - Lambert Strether Matt Bruenig: More Job Guarantee Muddle - 05/18/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/18/17 - 05/18/2017 - Yves Smith Mr. Market Starts to Question Trump Trade Delusion - 05/18/2017 - Yves Smith Wolf Richter: Did Cisco Just Say Demand is “Very Lumpy?” - 05/18/2017 - Yves Smith Genetically Engineered Disappointments - 05/18/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/17/2017 - 05/17/2017 - Lambert Strether Toward a Jobs Guarantee at the Center for American Progress (!) - 05/17/2017 - Lambert Strether Links 5/17/17 - 05/17/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/18/17 Posted on May 18, 2017 by Yves Smith Cannes Film Festival: Will Smith and Pedro Almodovar clash over Netflix BBC. I pretty much only see movies at theaters because I too really like the “big screen” experience. Daryl Bem Proved ESP Is Real, Which Means Science Is Broken. Slate (Dan K). Over a decade ago, a friend who started up Dunn & Bradstreet’s operation in Moscow told me about a book published in Russian, by a former senior scientist in the USSR. The USSR had spent a lot of time and money researching parapsychological phenomena to see if it could be used for military purposes, like long distance messaging or mind control. The book also claimed the US had a similar research program (and not of The Men Who Stare at Goats sort, which I suspect was allowed to continue to provide cover in case word of the serious program somehow got out). The Russians concluded some people have psychic abilities way way above chance, and the population with the highest proportion of aptitude was red-headed female peasants. They found they could teach people to read blindfolded through their fingertips. However, they determined that none of what they found was reliable enough to use for military purposes. Social butterflies are more apt to stick with physics PhysOrg A new book ranks the top 100 solutions to climate change. The results are surprising. Vox (UserFriendly) A Bot Is Flooding The FCC Website With Fake Anti-Net Neutrality Comments… In Alphabetical Order Techdirt (martha r). From last week, still important. The currency of the future has a settlement problem FT Alphaville (vlade). Izzy strikes again. Facebook tweaks its News Feed to take another swipe at clickbait Poynter (furzy) Apple starts assembling iPhones in India in play for the world’s fastest growing smartphone market TechCrunch Pulitzer prize winner blocked from Facebook after series of ‘corruption facts’ posts Times of Malta (Chuck L). Nothing like having good old Faceborg stand behind corrupt officials! The older the doctor, the higher the patient mortality rate, study finds ars technica Mr. Market Has a Sad Asia drops as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment, dollar bruised Reuters (martha r) European and Asia stocks track Wall St sell-off Financial Times Global Stocks Fall After U.S. Rout as Bonds Gain: Markets Wrap Bloomberg. The use of the word “rout” shows how investors have gotten used to unusually low volatility. Political Concerns Reverberate Across Global Markets Wall Street Journal China? China Creates Own Insurance Monster Bloomberg Vestager set to sanction Facebook Politico Brexit Brexit and unemployment: where bureaucracy becomes brutal Open Democracy Osborne ridicules May’s pledge to reduce immigration to tens of thousands Sky Theresa May to launch Tory manifesto signalling that Brexit will define the UK’s future City AM Brazil’s President Temer hit by bribery allegations Financial Times Home Capital woes spark fears on Canada property market Financial Times Syraqistan US official: ISIS creating chemical weapons cell in new de facto capital CNN Iran nuclear: Trump extends Obama’s ‘worst deal ever’ BBC The Two Most Dangerous Men in the World: Trump and Crown Prince Salman Patrick Cockburn, Defend Democracy US complains to Turkey over embassy violence BBC Big Brother is Watching You Watch WIKILEAKS ATTORNEYS BLAST CITIZENFOUR MAKER POITRAS Newsweek (martha r). Good for Newsweek for running this piece. Notice they are all women, which is significant with respect to some of what follows. Chelsea Manning Is a Free Woman: Her Heroism Has Expanded Beyond Her Initial Whistleblowing Intercept (martha r) Trump Transition Special counsel appointed in Russia probe CNN (furzy) Ex-FBI Chief Mueller Named Special Counsel on Russia Probe Bloomberg How a Special Counsel Alters the Russia Investigation New York Times (furzy) The intelligence community hails Mueller appointment as special prosecutor Business Insider. Lambert: “Aall totally tribal and instrumental. That said, I read Rosenstein as enhancing his power by playing a straight game. A neat trick if he can pull it off!” Who is Robert Mueller? CNN (furzy) WikiLeaks: Egyptian ‘torturers’ trained by FBI Telegraph. From 2011, under Mueller. Cover Story: Is the FBI Up to the Job 10 Years After 9/11? Time. Mueller profile from 2011. Forged Under Fire—Bob Mueller and Jim Comey’s Unusual Friendship Washingtonian. Note pub date. Martha r: “A beautiful story of a historic friendship (/s).” Trump Team Knew Flynn Was Under Investigation Before He Came to White House New York Times (furzy) Focus turns to Michael Flynn’s work for Turkey, Russia McClatchy (furzy) A Brief Thought: the Trump Card Nina Illingworth (martha r). Lambert has pointed out Trump has one more last-ditch strategy, which is to go full Huey Long and start holding rallies. Not sure how easy that is to do in President mode, though. With his own 757, he could hit several cities in one day. He has a ton of baggage as Prez. Pence Takes Steps to Build War Chest as White House Stumbles Bloomberg (martha r) Any Half-Decent Hacker Could Break Into Mar-a-Lago ProPublica (furzy) Fox News losing out in primetime ratings race amid Trump turmoil CNN (furzy) Media to Trump: Don’t Cozy Up to Dictators–Unless They’re the Right Dictators FAIR (martha r) Chasing Red Squirrels in DC Counterpunch (martha r) Get A Grip Ian Welsh The Imperial Bureau Jacobin (martha r). “….the prevailing discussion around Comey’s departure suffers from an extreme ignorance about the basic structure of the FBI. The FBI cannot plausibly be considered a check on the imperial presidency….” Why Bernie Sanders Wasn’t Invited to CAP’s Ideas Conference Nation (UserFriendly) Howard Dean to help lead Hillary Clinton’s new organization VTDigger. Martha r: “Dean’s animosity toward Sanders is common knowledge in VT.” CNN Debate: Bernie Sanders vs John Kasich Full Town Hall Debate, May 16th 2017 YouTube (martha r). 71K views so far, which is not bad. But all about Russia and Bernie apparently hewed to the standard Dem position. U.S. Yanks Scathing Report Blasting DHS for Catching Less than 1% of Visa Overstays Judicial Watch (SS). Judicial Watch has a hard-core right wing agenda, but they also have a reputation for not making stuff up. What this might suggest is that the Administration is loath to fan anti-immigrant fires now that it seems to be checked on key initiatives like The Wall and cracking down on sanctuary cities. Why the ‘radical center’ must be the future of American politics The Hill. Martha r: This guy who ran in a Maryland Dem primary says a radical center is needed but under a different name. and ‘radical center’ does not represent compromise between right and left but TRANSCENDENCE OF right and left. As Macron is doing. wow! maybe this could save us. But how to come up with a better phrase than “radical center”? That will be very hard to do. Moi: Radical Center = Third Way. The dogs already rejected that dog food. The Democrats’ Battle for Montana Rolling Stone (martha r). “With national Democrats on the sidelines, the Republican Party is sparing no expense to win in Montana on May 25th.” The Democratic Old Guard Jackson Free Press (martha r) Water bill deadline looms for 8,000 Flint households WSWS (martha r) Ex-Baylor student sues school, says gang raped by football players Reuters (martha r) DAPL Coalition Disrupts JPMorgan Chase Shareholders Meeting: Demand they Defund Tar Sands Lessons from the Dakota Access Pipeline RealClearEnergy (UserFriendly) America’s Largest Pension Fund Has Dumped a Fortune Into Monsanto Stock Alternet. CalPERS board member Priya Mathur has made herself the public face of CalPERS supposed leadership in ESG, as in “Environmental, Social and Governance” investing (see here for details). If you are a CalPERS beneficiary or California taxpayer, and see CalPERS’ investment in Monsanto as inconsistent with its policies, drop her a line at: priya.mathur@calpers.ca.gov. When tech negatives begin to outweigh tech positives FT Alphaville (vlade) Trump’s Glass-Steagall May Be Less Onerous Than Big Banks Fear Wall Street Journal Cisco revenue forecast disappoints; says to cut 1,100 more jobs Reuters (martha r) Class Warfare What’s Your American Dream Score? This Quiz Will Tell You Fast Company. Test here. I got a 70. And you? “White left” — a Chinese calque in English Language Log Investigation Reveals That Walmart and Lowe’s Have Direct Links to Slave Labor Alternet. Wowsers. Antidote du jour (Timotheus). Looks to be auditioning for the FBI director post: And a bonus video. Richard Smith (who as a glider pilot is even better positioned to appreciate this clip than most people): He picks out the boss at 1:40, latest, and folds his wings. He is maybe 1/3 of the way down the tower at the time. In other words he is picking out a specific person, waving his hands a bit, from above, from a crowd, from around 1800ft: incomprehensible visual acuity. See yesterday’s Links and Antidote du Jour here. 00400 This entry was posted in Links on May 18, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Mr. Market Starts to Question Trump Trade Delusion Matt Bruenig: More Job Guarantee Muddle → Subscribe to Post Comments 352 comments Bunk McNulty May 18, 2017 at 7:08 am Can Trump Screw Up the World’s Best Intelligence Relationship? (NYT) At a meeting between American and Israeli intelligence officials a few weeks before Mr. Trump’s inauguration, the Americans recommended to the Israelis that they refrain from passing to his White House sensitive secret information, or material that could lead to the baring of sources or methods of intelligence gathering — at least until it became clear that Mr. Trump or members of his staff were not linked inappropriately to the Russians or exposed to extortion by Moscow. An Israeli who took part in that meeting told me it was “a bizarre scene” and “against all the rules of protocol.” So…who’s running the country? The Intelligence Community? Reply ↓ hreik May 18, 2017 at 7:28 am Well, who knows. Further on down that Op-Ed The apprehensions voiced at the meeting before Mr. Trump’s inauguration related to leaks not only to Russia but also to Iran. “If indeed Trump, out of innocence or ignorance, leaked information to the Russians, then there is a real danger to sources that it took years to acquire, and to our working methods,” the source who was at the meeting said. “We have to rethink what to give the Americans. Until we are sure that this channel is as secure as secure can be, we must not hand over our crown jewels.” Intel is not safe in his hands. Reply ↓ s.n. May 18, 2017 at 8:35 am a guy named Jim Kavanagh seems to have deciphered it all: Fast and Furious: Now They’re Really Gunning for Trump http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/05/18/fast-and-furious-now-theyre-really-gunning-for-trump/ …Alan Dershowitz had called the Trump-betrayed-ally’s-secrets-to-Russia story “the most serious charge ever made against a sitting president.” It had been evident to me, in reading the coverage, that there was only one “Middle Eastern ally” (or ally of any region) which has the chutzpah to “warn” the United States “it would cut off access to…sensitive information”—while itself stealing, with impunity, America’s most closely-guarded secrets. … There is only one ally about whose “compromise” Republicans and Democrats would be so unanimously concerned, and certainly only one who would have prompted the ridiculous charge by Dershowitz. And within an hour, the NYT confirmed, again via a “current and former American official,” that Israel was the ally in question, the source of the “secret intelligence.”… …I also notice that, in the last week or so, there have been reports in the American and Israeli press that Netanyahu’s “honeymoon with Trump” has “ended abruptly,” that there have been “harsh exchanges” with Trump administration officials who told members of Netanyahu’s team, to their “utter shock,” that the Western Wall was “not your territory but rather part of the West Bank,” and that Netanyahu is now “wary” and increasingly mistrustful of Trump…. I thought Kushner’s job was to placate Bibi? Did he lose out to Tillotson’s State / Oil / “realist” faction Reply ↓ Carolinian May 18, 2017 at 10:36 am This article is about as spot on as it gets. But also blame Trump himself. He has the power to get serious and defeat this nonsense. Trump gives the black hats in the media and the blob the ability to treat him as a play actor president by often acting that way. Still that’s no excuse for the frankly traitorous impulses coming from many of our elites. Their patriotism goes no deeper than their flag pins. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 12:49 pm I recall once Chomsky had given one of his usual 90-minute expositions of the disgusting deeds by those in power, and afterward in the Q&A someone asked him what he would do differently if he were president. Chomsky said, paraphrasing, that he would probably do pretty much the same things, since the pressure on him would be so overwhelming that he would have no other choice. I also remember drawing the same conclusion in my studies of Russian “autocracy”: the historians placed overwhelming emphasis on each Tsar’s personal whims, when they should have been focusing more of their attention on the power blocks that kept the Tsar in office. Food for thought for those who think electing the right president portends major change. Reply ↓ mpalomar May 18, 2017 at 1:50 pm We all focus on the presidency but the state houses, local level and congress critters are where change is most likely to occurr. Of course one wonders how Bernie Sanders would have fared had he been elected and if we accept the premise of political determinism does it excuse Obama his betrayal of the electorate and all those Summers – Geithner – Holder – Clinonesque appointments that provided the policy framework for the further abandonment of the working, middle class & poor? Reply ↓ jrs May 18, 2017 at 2:13 pm I suspect political determinism only goes so far. They are all going to be on the American imperialist project if you will, it’s just what the president of the U.S. does, he heads an imperialist government, and woe be to the rest of the world (I don’t approve but it doesn’t matter if I do). Still there may be differences in number of wars started maybe. None of them are likely to significantly undermine capitalism (Bernie Sanders might be all for worker co-ops for instance, he has such sympathies at times, but it’s not how he would govern as President of this U.S. of A – it’s a capitalist machine and that’s what it is). There is violence inherent in the system and they will ALL back it to a greater or lesser degree. However Sander’s wouldn’t be as bad as Trump on the environment, on healthcare etc. (even Hillary wouldn’t but Bernie is better there and on other things). So it actually DOES matter who is President but only to a degree. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 2:17 pm With all respect, this is not Chomsky’s point. As I understand him, he is not saying that the lower levels of established government are where real power lies, but rather that power lies in mass pressure. Bernie Sanders repeatedly made this very point on the campaign trail. He was challenged by establishment journalists who argued that he would have no support for his agenda in DC. And Sanders would counter by saying that congress would support his proposals when they saw crowds of people outside their offices pushing the elected leaders’ hands. I.e., what needs to change is where leaders get pressured from. Now they are pressured mainly by accumulated capital, but it doesn’t have to be that way. In this regard, I believe the Sanders campaign was hugely successful because now previously unspeakable things like free healthcare and tuition for all are on the public’s tongues, whereas pre-Sanders 2016 they were way outside the Overton window. This pressure is building so quickly that even Republican congresscritters are now speaking of it. All thanks not to the right person being elected, but rather to organised mass pressure that rallied around Sanders and will hopefully continue regardless of him. Reply ↓ mpalomar May 18, 2017 at 6:23 pm “Sanders would counter by saying that congress would support his proposals when they saw crowds of people outside their offices pushing the elected leaders’ hands.” -Obama said the same thing, that he would be responsive to that kind of pressure. Obama talked single payer health care on the campaign trail but abandoned it. Maybe it would have been different with Sanders, at least his road toward the presidency was far different than Obama’s. At the national level there are concentrations of money and power that tend to swamp individual efforts. I think I recall that Chomsky has often commented that activism by individuals at the local level may be the most effective strategy, think globally, act locally. Though the Koch’s and other billionaires have been investing in state houses chances of making a difference by pressuring elected representatives at that level are greater and from there policy pressure can be transmitted upward. Reply ↓ jsn May 18, 2017 at 11:43 pm Obama never intended to do any of the things he promised the electorate, he didn’t work for them. Sanders would not have sent everyone home when he was elected as Obama did. Sanders would have faced the same hit job from the Blob as Trump, but Sanders would have been talking mostly, most of the time to his voters. He wouldn’t have to triangulate the way Trump must to pursue his own interests which are wildly misaligned, like Obama, with those of his voters. Reply ↓ John k May 18, 2017 at 4:29 pm Certainly Bernie could have prosecuted corp crime. Would have entered office with far more popularity, and would not lose it over betraying his base. Would not have telegraphed in advance any change in foreign policy until after installing his team throughout military, State and intelligence… and then slowly. Would not have shot self in foot with stupid daily tweets. Remember, Bernie’s politically smart and trump is politically stupid. Just because stupid is the new normal does not mean stupid is the only option. Bernie is far more circumscribed now than he would be if pres. Seems to be trying to keep all options open, already has enough enemies without including blob. I hope he soon give up trying to bring people to dems and moves towards third. Plus, he’s not too old. Reply ↓ mpalomar May 18, 2017 at 6:31 pm I agree Sanders was far different than Trump and his presidency would have played out differently but it is likely he would have been bushwhacked as Trump has been but from different angles. Comparing a Sanders’ presidency with Obama’s is more germane. The resistance to Obama from Republicans despite his neo liberal tendencies and spinelesness is instructive. The hated Affordable Care Act was a Republican plan to begin with. Reply ↓ mpalomar May 18, 2017 at 6:36 pm I agree Sanders was far different than Trump and his presidency would have played out differently but it is likely he would have been bushwhacked as Trump has been but from different angles. Comparing a Sanders’ presidency with Obama’s is more germane. The resistance to Obama from Republicans despite his neo liberal tendencies is instructive. The hated Affordable Care Act was a Republican plan to begin with. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 11:37 am Reassigning the Western Wall is reckless. Something Obama, Hillary, Sanders, Schumer, Peolosi, McConnell, McCain, Graham et al would never do. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 18, 2017 at 4:21 pm Why reckless? Because Netanyahoo has 200 or400 nuclear weapons, and the AIPAC fifth column, and what else? Don’t make the wife beater mad, or you’ll get a worse beating, Columbia the Gem of the Ocean? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 4:26 pm I was just auditioning for a role in the Propaganda Ministry. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 18, 2017 at 5:04 pm G-O-O-O-A-A-A-L-L-L! Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL May 18, 2017 at 6:24 pm I’m tired of all of the insinuations that our politicians are not patriots, OF COURSE they are patriots. The question is “for which country?”. http://american3rdposition.com/?p=12767 Q: When they stand up and say “I pledge allegiance, to the flag…” um which flag are they referring to? Reply ↓ John Zelnicker May 18, 2017 at 4:36 pm @MyLessThanPrimeBeef – In fact, the Western Wall is in the Old City of Jerusalem and was part of the West Bank before the 1967 War, so he is actually correct. This, of course, is the great dispute. Who gets to control one of the holiest locations of the three great Abrahamic religions? Reply ↓ Alex Morfesis May 18, 2017 at 7:00 pm Lease it to the chinese…or disney… Reply ↓ jawbone May 18, 2017 at 5:25 pm I read this Kavanagh article on Trump now facing some bigger cannons earlier and clicked on the Facebook link to see what commenters were saying. Alas, Counterpunch’s comments are behind a FaceBook wall now. Since I don’t do FaceBook, I can’t read them or comment. Anyone see anything interesting in the comments? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 9:38 am Whom do the IC people disrespect more – JFK or Trump? Perhaps intel was safer in Kennedy’s hands, but wasn’t he more ‘reckless?’ But people talk in their sleep (with their lady friends). Was intel really safe? Reply ↓ Dave Chapman May 18, 2017 at 1:33 pm JFK had some problems with that in the early 1940s. One of his lady friends turned out to be a German spy. Afterwards, he (apparently) stayed with the American girls. . . Reply ↓ s.n. May 18, 2017 at 1:09 pm late-breaking installment is that the Jordanians are casting doubt on Israeli claims: http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/05/jordanian-spies-isil-bomb-intel-officials-170518022215542.html “… several Jordanian sources who spoke on condition of anonymity doubted this assertion. They said they don’t believe Israel has any high level spies inside ISIL and depends instead on “intelligence sharing with Arab spy services partners”. …Former CIA case officer John Kiriakou told Al Jazeera he too doubted the Israelis were able to run a spy inside ISIL’s ranks. A senior Salafist Sheikh in Jordan said that he too doubts that Israel may have spies high-up within ISIL’s power structure. Reply ↓ DJG May 18, 2017 at 9:14 am Here’s a thought: The U S of A has different interests from Israel and (especially) its current government. So what’s the story here? That the Israelis are displeased because the tail can’t wag the dog? Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 18, 2017 at 9:43 am Read s.n.’s Counterpunch link above for an explanation. Russiagate has been cultivated by the Democrats and their confected #Resistance to provide a rationale for Republicans to install a more stable and predictable Republican president who will color within the established partisan lines, and with whom the Democrats can more effectively plan wars and Grand-Bargain away Social Security and Medicare. But Russiagate has not yet gained enough traction with Republican congresscritters, who would face a revolt of their Trump voters against any acquiescence to an impeachment driven by Nancy Pelosi, vagina-hatted protestors, and Steven Colbert. If, however, impeachment becomes driven by concern for our betrayed Middle Eastern ally……. ——- Fast and furiously, in the course of a single news cycle, the game has changed: Donald Trump has been accused of betraying Israel. Impeachment is possible. Reply ↓ JerseyJeffersonian May 18, 2017 at 10:47 am And we should be oh so worried about our relationship with the people who deliberately attacked the U.S.S. Liberty, killing and maiming members of its crew over a span of hours? And the people who ran Jonathan Pollard to spy against the US, and when he gathered ultra secret information on our intelligence gathering operations against the Soviet Union, they turned around and bartered this intell for some refuseniks, and then these cheesy scum agitated for years to release the traitor Pollard after granting him Israeli citizenship? The same people who stole nuclear material and nuclear weapon triggers from the US? The very same ones who sold US military secrets to China? The ones who manipulate our foreign policy and use of our military as their big, dumb golem to ruin nation after nation in the Middle East & North Africa at horrid expense to our economy and in the lives of our service members? Those people? Those people with whom we have no defense treaty, because in order to do that, they would have to state their borders, but because they lust after more and more land from the neighboring states, they just won’t do that? Yeah, I’m really concerned about the feefees of these treacherous bastards. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 18, 2017 at 11:28 am Well, JJ, you may not be concerned about israel’s feefees, but I suspect it will not surprise you that some in that august body known as the u.s. congress are. In a link from the Counterpunch article we find this: PHILADELPHIA – April 24, 2017 – Reps. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) and Bill Johnson (R-OH) will launch the Congressional Israel Victory Caucus (CIVC) on April 27 at 9 a.m. The caucus’ goal: to introduce a new U.S. approach to Israel-Palestinian relations. Cong. Johnson notes that “Israel is America’s closest ally in the Middle East, and the community of nations must accept that Israel has a right to exist – period. Got that? PERIOD. Presumably these two can’t think of anything that needs doin’ here in the homeland. (Especially the guy from Ohio.) Mind your blood pressure, my friend. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 18, 2017 at 11:30 am Tried to save the link for a separate post to defeat Skynet. It didn’t work. Here it is anyway. http://www.meforum.org/6652/congressional-israel-victory-caucus-to-launch Reply ↓ Knot Galt May 18, 2017 at 4:52 pm So it’s kind of like the Hillary speech to Goldman Sachs stating that North and South Korea should never be reunited? I’m less impressed everyday with congress’s collective wisdoms with every passing day. Israel practices genocide under the disguise of politics. Never let one party have any more, or less, power than their enemies. Offer no solution; just extend and pretend to cover up the blood?Get rich off of exporting misery. According to Helmer, Trump was warning the Russians about lap top bombs going boom on their planes. If that is the true rationale, that makes Trump a humanitarian over everybody else in Congress. Reply ↓ Ulysses May 18, 2017 at 10:39 am “So…who’s running the country? The Intelligence Community?” I’m not sure if anyone is “in charge” in any meaningful sense. As we slouch deeper into a neo-feudal nightmare, it appears as if even foreign goons think they can do whatever they want on “our” soil. “Police in the nation’s capital say diplomatic immunity won’t keep them from investigating a “brutal attack” on “peaceful protesters” Tuesday by men believed to be bodyguards for visiting Turkish President Recep Erdogan. Four international law experts, three of them former legal advisers at the State Department, tell U.S. News that if police identify the assailants, they may be able to make criminal charges stick, even if the men are on the Turkish government payroll. Footage from the melee shows men mostly in suits, some reportedly armed, bypassing police officers separating pro- and anti-Erdogan activists. The men physically attack a group of protesters in Sheridan Circle near the Turkish Embassy, repeatedly kicking some. A police officer and 11 other people were injured, authorities say, including one critically.” https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2017-05-17/erdogan-guards-might-not-have-immunity-to-beat-protesters-in-us Reply ↓ jsn May 18, 2017 at 12:38 pm The Saker has made mention several times to a word the Russians use to describe governments like ours. I can’t remember the word, but it translates to something like “not commitment capable”. This is what we’ve become… Reply ↓ sid_finster May 18, 2017 at 3:53 pm Недоговороспособный, is I think the word you are looking for. “Not legally competent” is a good English translation. Reply ↓ Olga May 18, 2017 at 5:49 pm Well, no – it means ‘not capable of making an agreement.’ (I often think that English is the most “efficient” language (i.e., most meaning for the least number of words) – but the more I compare Russian and English, it seems the Russian language wins – at least in these crazy times.) That the govt is not competent – legally or otherwise – would be just an additional detriment. One that we are increasingly more aware of… but then, was that not a goal for some parts of the oligarchy (or rather, plutocracy/plutarchy). Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 18, 2017 at 4:55 pm FIFA and F1 set the precedent: if Sessions won’t prosecute DNC Services Inc. d/b/a the Democrat Party as a continuing criminal enterprise, Russia can just walk right in and extraordinarily render them. Here’s hoping. Reply ↓ Gareth May 18, 2017 at 11:34 am World’s Best Intelligence Relationship = Jonathon Pollard? Reply ↓ Olga May 18, 2017 at 5:06 pm Do we really have to ask? Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 7:10 am Correct link for US official: ISIS creating chemical weapons cell in new de facto capital CNN Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 18, 2017 at 7:58 am Fixed, thanks! Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 7:18 am Thank you, Yves. I was wondering if you would consider adding a segment titled “Just Shoot Me Now”. http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20170302-chelsea-clinton-america-is-suffering-an-opioid-epidemic: Dad, a doctor, alerted me to an interview given by la dauphine at 5 am today, London time, to the BBC World Service. Nominations to head the World Health Organisation close next week. Chelsea was pontificating about the qualities needed to head the WHO and what challenges lie ahead. Dad studied at Oxford and often covers at the hospitals affiliated to the university, half an hour by car from home in Buckinghamshire. It’s not a secret there that Chelsea’s masters and doctorate were not what other, i.e. less well connected and wealthy, students have to write. As per the link, Chelsea is a regularly consulted as a public health expert by the BBC. Readers may not be aware that much of the UK’s third world development programmes / aid budget is outsourced / allocated to the likes of the Gates Foundation. One wonders if the Clintons want a piece of that action. As the former jockey and media pundit Willie Carson told the BBC when he became a bloodstock agent for some middle eastern potentate, “It’s great spending other people’s money.” I will let the following speak for themselves, but just add that the Tory and MSM hatchet jobs on Corbyn seem to be coming thicker and faster this week, as if they are worried: https://www.thecanary.co/2017/05/17/laura-kuenssbergs-latest-bbc-script-was-literally-nicked-from-the-conservative-party-website-images/ http://www.standard.co.uk/business/anthony-hilton-we-need-foreign-help-to-understand-brexit-a3541471.html Reply ↓ Adamski May 18, 2017 at 8:15 am Yes — just shoot me now Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 12:54 pm The upside to shooting you now is that when you’re on the floor bleeding to death we can consult Public Health Expert Chelsea Clinton for the best way to save you. Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 18, 2017 at 9:33 am Chelsea’s no-show $600K job at NBC didn’t have much impact on the lives of people. Presumably, the WHO job specs are written to include some actual experience in medicine and related fields beyond yoga and latte sipping. Or are there markers being called in by the Clinton Global Initiative? I am reminded of the discussions a few decades ago around the presidential aspirations of Steve Forbes. Campaign observers asked if someone could just take him aside and say that he was unqualified to run and had zero chance at winning. Who these days has the stature or death wish to take Chelsea aside for that little chat, and will they provide the world a two-fer by telling her parents to just retire already? Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:23 am Thank you, EM. Or are there markers being called in by the Clinton Global Initiative? I think you are right, unfortunately. A friend works for the UK government’s Department for International Development (DFID). Dad worked for its predecessor in southern Africa from 1991 – 2. The former and the latter’s former colleagues are scathing about the Gates Foundation and worry about the Clintons sniffing around. It won’t surprise you and other readers that the Gates Foundation, usually fronted by the more attractive Melinda rather than the geeky Bill, are calling the UK government to maintain the aid budget at 0.7% of GDP, a UN target. It’s estimated that of that 0.7%, about a fifth goes to Gates to dispense how it sees fit. China, India and Nigeria get about a fifth each. Some of the rest can go to Gates, but the use / cause is specified by the UK government. Melinda, a Catholic, has recently been used by some anti-Catholic UK feminists as an example of what a good Catholic should be, not Pope Francis. WTF! Reply ↓ Adamski May 18, 2017 at 3:04 pm I am hoping that the WHO, a UN agency, won’t be stupid enough to appoint Chelsea but her getting onto the BBC makes me pessimistic. It would make sense the Clintons would try and wangle a job like WHO head for her so they can use it as a stepping stone to a political career with “does good work” crap. Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:34 am Yves, further to my suggestion for a Just Shoot Me Now segment, could you, please, also consider one called “Jerk Of The Day”. The reason I ask is Carl Bildt’s continued and juvenile trolling of Trump. Yesterday, the Scandi clown tweeted: “Reports of White House been in lockdown after someone tried to climb over the fence. Doesn’t say in which direction.” Ye, gods. How did this chump get elected PM in Sweden? He has been handsomely rewarded since, a feat not lost on his fellow Scandis as so many get worked up about bears from the east, a threat on a par with that of the reindeer farmer from up north. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat May 18, 2017 at 12:58 pm Colonel, While it’s clearly self-indulgent for a European politician to make these kinds of public quips…….. I laughed out loud at that one. It’s probably not your best pick if you want to see him condemned in any way. Americans of many political persuasions would find it achingly funny, and deadly accurate. I think you – like much of the elite in our country – under-estimate the wit and capacity for irony that exists here in flyover. We are not all, despite the best efforts of the recently departed Mr. Ailes, the drooling imbeciles that our well-credentialed want us to be. The kind of insiders Bildt may have to deal with in his official capacity however…… I can’t vouch for them. They can be real peevish little shits. Reply ↓ John Zelnicker May 18, 2017 at 4:49 pm @Colonel Smithers – May 18, 2017 at 7:18am: “la dauphine” Best title yet for Chelsea, heir to the throne. /sarc Reply ↓ Olga May 18, 2017 at 6:36 pm Funny you should say that… is almost too appropriate. Last time I came across the word – in its male form ‘Le Dauphin’ – was as the common name for the son of Louis XVI … and we know how that ended up (but then – maybe that is exactly what you meant). Reply ↓ clarky90 May 18, 2017 at 6:15 pm Please, “Just Shoot Me Now”! Reply ↓ SufferinSuccotash May 18, 2017 at 7:24 am “Radical center?” That doesn’t equal Third Way. It’s just another euphemism for “Right”. Reply ↓ Quentin May 18, 2017 at 7:30 am That is, President Emmanuel Macron of France. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 18, 2017 at 7:48 am Um, Third Way does = Right, just with better PR and identity politics gestures. Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:14 am Thank you, Yves. + 1. Reply ↓ EGrise May 18, 2017 at 12:27 pm +1 Reply ↓ Adamski May 18, 2017 at 3:07 pm +1 Reply ↓ Craig H. May 18, 2017 at 5:00 pm There’s nothing in the middle of the road but a yellow stripe and dead armadillos. Jim Hightower Reply ↓ polecat May 18, 2017 at 10:59 am Radical center = grist mill ‘Mashed .. Together’ Reply ↓ mpalomar May 18, 2017 at 2:04 pm dead center = third rail. If it were only so. Reply ↓ Andrew Foland May 18, 2017 at 7:28 am When I first saw the ESP link I was disappointed in NC; but the headline (and the comment with the link) don’t convey the content of the article, which is really about the replication crisis in psychology. It’s a good article on the subject. Key quote: “I was shocked,” he says. “The paper made it clear that just by doing things the regular way, you could find just about anything.” Science isn’t broken. The “regular way” described (of making hay out of an immaterially-sized p=0.05 effect in an ill-defined procedure) is not the regular way in say, chemistry, or physics. Reply ↓ vlade May 18, 2017 at 8:50 am I wish this part of statistics was never released outside of math. I’d say that almost all people who use it misinterpret it, don’t understand the assumptions behind it and limitations. If I see a social-science paper with mensions regression or confidence intervals, I stop reading. The likelyhood of the experiment being miscronstrued is too high to spend my time on. My main worry about this is that the same is applied to other machine learning stuff, and there it gets even worse as managers who often may be barely numerate are using highly assumption-driven algos w/o having a clue. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 9:57 am Applying any scientific finding (with its limitations stemming from the assumptions made, along with the scientific method itself being only a tool on one’s way to formulate today’s best explanation, that is, partial knowledge) these days to the world is like discharging the CO2 exhaust of an internal combustion engine…mostly toxic, indiscriminate and polluting. The exceptional findings are, of course, exceptions. Reply ↓ cocomaan May 18, 2017 at 10:18 am My main worry about this is that the same is applied to other machine learning stuff, Oh, it already is happening. I always go back to my favorite fiction book, Dune, where a jihad was led against AI’s because somewhere along the line, we screwed up. Later, their bible has a commandment that reads: Thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a man’s mind. All our shitty assumptions will get put into the AI of the future. They’re already there, in fact. Reply ↓ Clive May 18, 2017 at 9:24 am I’m about as rational and scientific as they come (my first words are usually “where are the facts” and “show me the robust proof”) but every decision that has paid off for me (either doing something that led to a good outcome or, more usually, avoiding calamity) has come about because I have listened to intuitive hunches which form in my consciousness or just below it and from unexpected “hits” from people, places or things that resonant in some discernable but not altogether explicable way. And the more I volitionally or intentionally learn about this subject and give it some credence the more accurate and reliable it becomes. In fact, I wished I paid more attention to it and acted on it in more faith — I had a “hunch” about Brexit and Trump but didn’t follow it up. So, all I would add to the interesting article in the link is, try to keep an open mind. Reply ↓ DJG May 18, 2017 at 10:01 am Clive: I’m not persuaded about ESP. Yet I have found that Jung’s ideas about synchronicity, the collective unconscious, and Jungian archetypes have much validity. And Jung was fond of natal horoscopes as a diagnostic–which I was highly skeptical of till I began looking seriously at my own natal horoscope and having it analyzed. So: Think Jung. Who was a scientist but also a physician, which means that he had to act on hunches about what would work for his patients. Reply ↓ Clive May 18, 2017 at 11:40 am Yes, my thinking is similarly skeptic, but yet I can’t ignore what I’ve experienced. It defies what the rational side of my brain is tellingly me, but I can’t in all honesty reduce this to simply explaining it away as all so much synchronicity. Maybe we can do a little experiment. I don’t know you, I’ve not read your previous comments and I can’t remember much if anything about what you might have offered here before by way of personal information. I vaguely recall you as being a regular here or at least a semi-regular, but nothing more than that. So I want to offer the following intuitive whack I get when I consider your past history. Can you tell me if this is right, or miles out in terms of accuracy? Be honest, no offence taken if I am off base! Here goes… In the past, not too far back but not recent history you suffered a big setback. It was completely unexpected, a real bolt from the blue. It rocked the very foundation of your world and everything you held dear to you. More recently, you’ve had to clear away the debris that was left, metaphorically speaking. But still, you’re lost, a little adrift and still heartbroken. Bereft, even. But you’re kind-of moving on, just in the past few months or so and today, finally, for the first time in quite a long while, you’re making new plans and getting a hint of what your new future might be. It isn’t the future you planned and not what you’d had in mind at all. But other people have come into your life and are helping you build it. These others — there are two individuals in particular — are giving you the assistance you need and contribute what skills you lack yourself. What you’re building has the potential to be something rather special. … how am I doing? Reply ↓ DJG May 18, 2017 at 12:32 pm As a tarot reader once said to me, You’re psychic but you won’t be able to make a living at it. In your case, I’d say that you have indeed made a trip to the U S of A, because you are describing the first and second acts of American lives rather well. But don’t quit the day job just yet. Reply ↓ Clive May 18, 2017 at 1:33 pm Quit the day job? Not bloody likely! TBTFs pay too well… yes, ill gotten gains and all that notwithstanding. Reply ↓ aletheia33 May 18, 2017 at 4:09 pm how strange. this is an exact description of my life–right up to this very day. except the big setback was more than 20 years ago, so the recovery period has been quite long. OK, and the heartbrokenness and bereftness are pretty much faded into the past now. so it’s not actually exact. i did n’t even notice the similarity, though, until i read DJG on the first and second acts of american lives, below. and i thought my life trajectory was rather unusual… must revisit that idea. thanks clive for the experiment–it looks like your intuition is tuned in to “the times”, aside from the individual hits you may get. and you’ve revealed how it is that a single life can be described in any number of ways, and there are times when one way resonates more than another, depending on the current orientation of the person living it, and psychics, like other empaths, can be very tuned in to that. the language used may not matter so much as the extent to which the client feels preternaturally “seen” by the consultant. the client may fill in a lot via projection, without being aware of doing so. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 18, 2017 at 6:17 pm The English scientist Rupert Sheldrake has been investigating ESP for at least the last 30 years. Fascinating in many respects, although I do not go along with his Morphic Resonance theory. His work with dogs who appear to know when their owners set off for home is pretty amazing & I would say from the evidence he presents, pretty much proven. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA5wAm2c01w&t=56s Reply ↓ Olga May 18, 2017 at 6:44 pm I once watched a dog poke through a curtain and sit by the window in anticipation…(of something). A car appeared at the other end of the street (way in the distance) and slowly made its way towards me and then pulled into the driveway of the house, where the dog was eagerly waiting. What accounts for that? Maybe the man came home everyday exactly at the same time and the dog was thus trained… or maybe the dog had a sixth sense. My experience with dogs would argue for the latter. Reply ↓ Skip Intro May 18, 2017 at 11:59 am Hunches and intuition are, IMHO, messages from our subconscious or pre-rational minds that alert us to patterns we have perceived without necessarily being consciously aware of them as such. Much like results of Machine Learning programs, which can’t necessarily be ‘reverse engineered’ into rational deductions based on a subset of the inputs, our intuitions represent knowledge based on observation, but not conscious rational deduction. In a formal sense, they could be considered examples of the ‘statements we know to be true that cannot be proven in a closed system’ that are posited by Gödel’s Incompleteness theorem. Not that our minds are closed axiomatic systems… Anyway, ignoring one’s intuitions seems counterproductive. Reply ↓ ChrisPacific May 19, 2017 at 12:16 am If a statement is Gödel incomplete, then it means you can arbitrarily decide that it’s either true or false, take that as one of your axioms, and build the rest of your world view on that. You are guaranteed not to run into any anomalies or contradictions as a consequence, because if you did it would mean that your axiom was wrong, and that would mean that the original statement was either provably true or provably false (contradicting Gödel incompleteness). You can think of Gödel incomplete statements as splitting the world into two parallel universes, one in which the statement is true and one in which it’s not. Both universes are complete, logical and internally consistent by their own rules, but you can’t ever know which one you are in. While I think this is pretty cool, it does make the analogy with intuition a bit less apt. Reply ↓ Annotherone May 18, 2017 at 1:36 pm Oh yes, an open mind is essential! Carl Sagan said or wrote “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known”. He was highly skeptical about most in the “woo-ish” category, but still realised that we simply do not, and probably cannot, know everything – at least not until the human mind has developed further. I don’t see the problem in being able to believe that ESP can happen, in some individuals – just as some can run ridiculously fast, paint well, or write great novels, play or sing music ridiculously well, with little effort. So, why wouldn’t it be likely that some humans can use parts of the brain not easily accessible to all, to see things others cannot? i’ve had too many strange experiences myself to discount at least parts of much that’s labelled pseudo–science. Parts of astrology, for instance, have been proved to my satisfaction to have some validity – but not all of it….and I have studied it in detail, unlike many who dismiss it, knowing hardly anything about it other than reading badly written newspaper “horoscope” columns.. Reply ↓ subgenius May 18, 2017 at 2:08 pm It is worth bearing in mind that although you might not be an athlete, or capable of training to the world level, you have generally the same resources….it’s a difference of aptitude, rather than a fundamental lack of the biology. Reply ↓ 3.14e-9 May 18, 2017 at 3:33 pm Parts of astrology, for instance, have been proved to my satisfaction to have some validity – but not all of it….and I have studied it in detail, unlike many who dismiss it, knowing hardly anything about it other than reading badly written newspaper “horoscope” columns. Annotherone, if you’ve studied astrology in depth, then you probably know that newspaper “sun sign” horoscopes are a relatively new invention, having been created in the 1930s as a marketing tool to sell newspapers. They’re now used to draw traffic to websites. It’s unfortunate that many intelligent people close their minds to astrology based on what they think it is, and because of that, reject the very notion that it’s worth studying in more depth. Another major factor is the misconception that astrology is “the belief that the planets cause events on earth,” which leads to arguments about gravitational forces and magnetism, and from there devolves into calling anyone who believes such nonsense a moron (or worse). FWIW, I don’t try to convince anyone, and that goes for psychic phenomena, too. On the latter point, all I I have to go on is my own experience, which couldn’t be replicated in a lab. In fact, I don’t think the scientific method is appropriate for “proving” either psychic phenomena or astrology. I’m not convinced it’s that useful for studying human psychology, either, for many of the reasons stated in the article — which, by the way, is excellent and well worth reading to the end. Reply ↓ Annotherone May 18, 2017 at 6:13 pm Yes, I think it was a guy called Naylor in the UK who was one of the first newspaper astrologers. The best of them (not many) do foster interest in the subject, which could well have died a death decades ago without their input. I agree with your views – the only thing that will fully convince a person, about any of those “pseudo” type subjects, is personal experience – even then, a hardened skeptic will say “It was coincidence”. ;) Reply ↓ Pat May 18, 2017 at 1:42 pm Clive, not promoting him believe me, but one thing that struck me during security expert Gavin DeBecker’s long book tour promoting his first book about security was his insistence that you should listen to your instincts – largely regarding fear. Hell it was entitled “The Gift of Fear”. His premise was that you unknowingly process a vast amount of information, and often have real tangible reasons to be afraid that you cannot explain beyond ‘instinct’, ‘a feeling’ and ‘just knowing’. I realized that was probably pretty accurate. If you just think about the amount of information that you process without really thinking about it when driving, or even in any large family get together it is clear that we process and put together things unconsciously all the time. While it is true that we can fool ourselves, I would posit that the majority of times we do that is because we don’t know what subtle clues we used to get there and/or we don’t want to think that what our ‘instincts’ are telling us are true. Reply ↓ georgieboy2 May 18, 2017 at 6:03 pm The message is, listen to redheads, step-children or not. They have more Neanderthal DNA than most of us. Reply ↓ Annotherone May 18, 2017 at 6:15 pm Or Celtic! Reply ↓ cocomaan May 18, 2017 at 10:13 am I’m hazarding a guess that the “Science is Broken” part of the headline was the editor talking. As you say, this is a problem in social science, not “science” as a whole, or the scientific method. But clickbait sells. If anything, the hard sciences are feeling the sting of pressure from their lack of profound discoveries lately (see lackluster results in enormous projects, like the LHC, or the US Gov Brain Initiative as an example). That’s because of their stringent methods. Reply ↓ Brian May 18, 2017 at 11:22 am I have always wondered at how the inexplicable can be described, documented, duplicated, dissected. What if everyone has a different trigger for what they might inititially consider bizarre or unreal? How many have tried to describe their connection to a phenomena that surprised or frightened them? What about those that go about their lives with a different temporal reality? Or those that have adapted due to their own inexplicable experiences? Do they discuss with others? Can we quantify the experience of another? Science can use a regrooving if it will help reduce the artifact that gets in the way of a version of reality accepted by some, alleged to be applicable to all. Reply ↓ cocomaan May 18, 2017 at 1:35 pm Kant called it “The Sublime” in his third critique, the critique of judgment. It’s the place where judgment fails and wonder sets in. That is sublime in comparison with which everything else is small. I think Kant would say that it’s a humanist question, because the sublime (to me) is where you suddenly objectify reason, rather than be a slave to it. Suddenly it’s a faculty that is in comparison to something else. Reply ↓ local to oakland May 18, 2017 at 7:47 pm + 1. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 1:15 pm As you say, this is a problem in social science, not “science” as a whole, or the scientific method. The problem extends well beyond the social sciences. I’d suggest a read of Lee Smolin’s book ‘The Trouble with Physics’ for a perspective on the ‘hardest’ of sciences. EO Wilson has also written extensively on the poor use and interpretation of statistics through much of the sciences, in particular in his specialist area, biology. Reply ↓ cocomaan May 18, 2017 at 3:54 pm Thanks for the recc, that’s a little frightening. It goes to what vlade said above, that statistics are being thoroughly misused. Also, we throw out the precautionary principle at every chance we get on various scientific endeavors. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 18, 2017 at 5:29 pm And this: HORATIO O day and night, but this is wondrous strange! HAMLET And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. http://nfs.sparknotes.com/hamlet/page_74.html On the “hard sciences:” I helped deliver a sailboat half way across the Pacific two decades ago. Four of us on board, one was a German particle physicist who worked at CERN. He related the story of two big-ego superphycisists competing on some “breakthrough discovery” of I forget which particle. One was getting better results, up to a point, when the detector equipment started getting “random,” for no detectable reason. The principal decided to follow his hunch, and installed a “physicist cam” to see what was happening to the equipment in the off hours. Sure enough, his rival was caught on tape, sneaking into the lab, and urinating on the detector and related apparatus. My fellow crewman, with a wry smile, made some witty remark in German under his breath that I didn’t catch, and he declined to repeat it for me. The more we think we know, the less we really know. I guess. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 18, 2017 at 6:02 pm PK wrote: ‘I’d suggest a read of Lee Smolin’s book ‘The Trouble with Physics’ for a perspective on the ‘hardest’ of sciences’. Eh. While Smolin is almost certainly right in most particulars of his attack on the string theorists, he’s essentially attacking them because he’s upset by — as in, can’t get his mind around — a view of the nature of time’s arrow that modern physics as a whole — not just the string theorists — buys into because the evidence from the quantum realm supports it. Aside from his attacks on string theory, I take Smolin with several grains of salt. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 18, 2017 at 6:17 pm I find this guy, Peter Woit at Columbia U, to be more rigorous than Smolin. Like Smolin, Woit has a book — Not Even Wrong: The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law.. Also a website, Not Even Wrong — http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/wordpress/ — where the guy wades in on a continuing basis against the latest high-grade foolishness in physics. The site’s FAQ section includes such frequently asked questions as — ▶ I’ve heard that you described Weinberg as “senile”. Is that true? ▶ Who are you to criticize string theory? Aren’t you just an embittered failure? ▶ Why do you say string theory is unfalsifiable? Doesn’t it predict quantum mechanics? ▶ Why do you describe the Multiverse as “pseudo-science”? ▶ Why did you delete my comment? Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL May 18, 2017 at 6:47 pm OK, I got triggered by your “high-grade foolishness in physics” line. This guy generates 20 million watts in a teacup by converting hydrogen in water into dark matter. To get there he had to “unlearn” all of quantum physics since 1920. He relies on classical physics. The 25-year journey is fabulous, starts at the 17-minute mark: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dCzVUnnL00 The theory is here. Get ready to rock your world: http://brilliantlightpower.com/theory-overview/ I believe Dr. Mills’ discovery of the hydrino may be the most important scientific discovery of the last 100 years. But that’s just me. Reply ↓ LT May 18, 2017 at 11:30 am I thought the story was more about the one researcher and science in general. It gave me little insight into ESP. Reply ↓ subgenius May 18, 2017 at 2:00 pm Science is broken. Proprietary information, non-disclosure agreements, big names fighting for dominance all stifle the scientific discourse, defending postions for gain and avoiding discussions of the mistaken ideas that are culturally accepted as a ‘the ‘home’ (what we are told is a constant but isn’t – eg the fixed speed of light in a vacuum, etc )- and that’s before you dive in on investigating the nature of reality and what it says about observers. It’s worth remembering that everything you ‘know’ is essentially a story of dubious reality. Nothing is ‘the truth’ – but some stories have more efficacy than others. Your rational consciousness is too small and restricted to actually understand the universe – and your perceptual framework is honed at a layer that is probably not the whole picture (quantum physics vs the Newtonian type world we see, feel and generally interact with as an example). But wait, there’s more… Perception is not what most think it is. Extra precision is totally learnable, and the funny thing is you can find other layers of perception through it. Instinct and gut-feeling and so on are a gateway. Biologically there are reasons to consider the heart and gut as secondary brains – the gut is where the neural and immune systems primarily communicate, for example. Some traditions focus on learning to percieve much more actively from these centers (the tan tiens in daoism, chakras in yogic traditions – same idea, different cultures) as a technique to delve into the subtle possibilities. There are layers inside layers – subconscious perceptions to one person are available conscious talents to others (admittedly a small small percentage), but the same basic elements of biology, physics and environment are the same, and there are no special mutants a la X-Men. Explain blindsight, for example. I have had moments of blindsight type experiences, and also reacting to something ahead of it’s obvious signs of occurrence (handy in a fight…especially when you dont know its about to happen and involve you…but several other times in other circumstances, too). Just because you haven’t explored the possibilities and put in the time (coz this shit ain’t easy or quick to pick up for your average person) doesn’t mean it isn’t real and achievable. I would very much doubt military or intelligence types have the understanding or attitude to overcome the cultural bias though – the ones I know who have did it in retirement, not during active service. As a kungfu lineage master once told me ‘you can believe that my knowledge is woo woo…but my woo woo will kick your ass if you need a demonstration’ Reply ↓ Geof May 18, 2017 at 2:04 pm In some cases there may be a lack of theory. Overemphasis on quantitative data can result in an attitude that with enough data, there is no need for theory. Big data advocates, for instance, sometimes seem to talk this way. It’s not enough to have a statistical result: one must fit it in to the context of the larger field. (At the same time, there is lots of social science that lacks empirical foundation, or I suspect that suffers from echo chamber effects. I don’t mean to let social science off the hook here: I think it is plenty flawed.) In the case of ESP, a small but statistically significant result appears to me to be intriguing, but without any further explanation I would not rely on it. Contrast with climate change, which combines theory (we know that CO2 is a greenhouse gas, and we have been injecting it into an otherwise closed system) with plenty of data to back it up. There is plenty of excellent social science work that is done without heavy reliance on statistics. Descriptive research, for instance: there is good evidence that cases provide one of the best foundations for reasoning in a field, and that knowledge of cases is what makes one an expert. My understanding is that American social scientists, compared to Europeans or even Canadians, tend to rely too much on quantitative data, to value qualitative analysis too little, and to exclude subjectivity or be unaware of the inescapable entanglement of subject and object. Positivism is alive and well. I hold a social science Ph.D. from a Canadian university. Statistics were not a significant part of the work I studied or produced. Instead, the focus was on consistent, thorough analysis of reasoning. What research produced was often less a prediction than a lens for understanding phenomena. There is no question that this approach can have real flaws: I have read many arguments that did not convince me. Yet the same is true of statistical studies that find significant effects, but struggle to demonstrate any real-world meaning or relevance. Reply ↓ Ruben May 18, 2017 at 7:33 am Probably related to my post yesterday about forecasting accuracy improved by outliers: Global optimum attained in coordination tasks by centrally placed agents making a few mistakes. http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v545/n7654/full/545297a.html http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v545/n7654/full/nature22332.html The underlying message is: when nobody is able to see the big picture then it is better for the whole that well connected individuals take deviant decisions a few times in their localized -small picture- part of the world. The fundamental reason for this result (as shown in Fig. 1 of the first link) is that when a few local mistakes occur in a well connected node then other individuals in the vicinity react to correct those mistakes thus incidentally solving some intractable intractable coordination hurdles that when everybody act optimally (locally) will not be resolved. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 18, 2017 at 6:06 pm A.k.a. Simulated Annealing. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 10:10 pm Yep, there’s nothing like a bit of good wheel reinvention. Many researchers nowadays have little understanding of what has already been done outside their own narrow fields. They’re just smart enough to think up and try out a “new” way of doing things, but not smart enough to have bothered to acquire a good grasp of the history of work in closely related fields and even in their own. Used to see it all the time in my own field. What was really bad was when these types went on to become peer reviewers, and lavishly praised completely unoriginal work because they couldn’t recognise that it replicated something done a decade or more previously. There are too many working in science today who really should be doing something else. The academic system is too parasite-friendly. Reply ↓ katiebird May 18, 2017 at 7:51 am This story on Corbyn’s campaign sounds encouraging — There are lots of pictures and a video. Takes me back to the Bernie Days. Could the polls be way off? Even BBC reporters were left stunned by yesterday’s pro-Corbyn crowds in West Yorkshire Corbyn didn’t only visit West Yorkshire’s biggest city, though. He was also in the smaller market town of Hebden Bridge, where he had to give the same speech twice because of all the people who’d come out to hear him. And his message was clear: “This election is about how we deal with an economy. Do we spend the next five years reducing tax for corporations and the very rich? Or do we spend the next five years investing all across the country in good infrastructure, in sustainable industries, in the good services that we need, in our young people and the skills that they need?” The Labour leader also took apart the Conservatives’ attempts to position themselves as a workers’ party: “There’s a story going around in some of the papers that the Tory party have now become the friend of the working class and the workers. I simply ask this question. Would you call a government that allows six million people to earn less than the living wage ‘a friend of those in work’? Would you call a government that allows one million people to be working on zero hours contracts – not knowing what their pay’s going to be from one week to the other [‘a friend of those in work’]? Would you call a government that charges fees and costs for those that take their case for justice to an employment tribunal ‘on the side of those that are at work’? Obviously not.” Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:13 am Thank you, Katie Bird. One can only dream. Nothing would be more satisfying. It won’t surprise you that the UK MSM, Channel 4 in this instance, is playing down the significance of Corbyn attracting big crowds, including in places where Labour has not won seats for years such as Cornwall, a poor county that serves as playground for the London rich (Tory and New Labour). Channel 4’s (government owned, but funded by advertising and productions) Michael Crick covered this event. Crick dampened expectations by saying he could remember Labour’s Michael Foot attracting similar crowds in 1983, but that did not prevent a Tory / Thatcherite (post purge of the Tory Wets) majority of 144. Crick did not explain that Labour was, as now, divided and a right wing rump had broken away to form the Social Democratic Party in 1981 and Thatcher was taking advantage of the Falklands War a year earlier. Crick made a juvenile joke, as he does at least once in every report, about Corbyn’s allotment (a garden Corbyn leases). That may be funny to some, dunno why, but it’s not serious like the paedophilia at the highest levels of the state and media covered up. The BBC does not criticise Corbyn directly, apart from its in house Tory rich kid Laura (von) Kuenssberg, but shows oligarch owned front pages, other hacks and think tank parasites masquerading as experts, and members of the public criticising Corbyn. Channel 4’s Gary Gibbon goes for stunts that “amuse” the public and provoke criticism of Corbyn. The oligarch owned media goes bonkers daily. Trump, daily, and Macron, until last week-end, are the only relief. I am not following the campaign, copying Clive’s filter, but can’t recall more than a handful of members of the public being allowed to defend Corbyn. The Tories will win, but possibly not by a much bigger majority than now. Talk of landslides seem like wishful thinking, probably designed to discourage opposition voters from voting. The next few years may resemble John Major’s reign of 1992 – 7, which paved the way for New Labour / Phoney Blur’s victory on 1 May 1997. In addition to Black / White / Golden Wednesday (when Norman “Badger” Lamont, with a young David Cameron fresh from Brideshead Revisited in tow, had to raise interest rates twice in one day to the teens % after Bank of England buying failed to stop short sellers, including George Soros, from driving Sterling down and out of a fixed trading band against the German Mark), the Great British public was treated to Tories supping in troughs and letting their trousers down (in one case wearing a Chelsea football / soccer shirt, allegedly, and another doing an Albert Dekker). Reply ↓ begob May 18, 2017 at 12:30 pm The Guardian seems to have purged its contempt for Corbyn. I date it from the reaction to the leak of Labour’s manifesto. Maybe the failure of the LibDem surge at the local elections caused a rethink. BBC radio had Corbyn in interview today, and he came off well. Good contrast to their hammering away at Abbott’s brain farts. Reply ↓ Darius May 18, 2017 at 12:53 pm Do a lot of Brits despise the media the way a lot of Americans do? That would be Labour’s only hope. Reply ↓ Anonymous2 May 18, 2017 at 2:04 pm A lot do quite rightly despise the English press (least trusted in a sample of 33 countries). Whether it will do much to help Labour is doubtful. I think the best they can probably hope for is defeat by less than a landslide. Reply ↓ Clive May 18, 2017 at 2:55 pm Unfortunately I’d say that, by and large, we’re a far too gullible and trusting lot so get completely hoodwinked a good deal of the time. A culture and history of defence to authority is hard to break free of. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 10:24 pm I suppose that was meant to be “deference”. Clive, perhaps you or others could shed some light on a question that has mystified me: Why do so many brits vote tory when it’s clear to blind freddy that the result will be a government that acts against those voters’ interests? Obviously many tory voters benefit from tory policies, but many do not and never will. Do they think, this time it will be different? Surely these brits don’t also see themselves as temporarily embarassed members of the privileged classes. Are they wedded to a party as they are to a footbal team? Reply ↓ a different chris May 18, 2017 at 1:02 pm >probably designed to discourage opposition voters from voting Which may well be true but that shows quite a lack of connection with what’s going on in the West…. a lot more people now seem willing to show up just to pull the “FU” lever. That is, what used to discourage people now may have the opposite effect. OTOH capital-C “Conservatives” have made FU the main spice in their pudding so the default angry-about-stuff vote still is pretty much theirs. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 18, 2017 at 11:13 am Nothing would be more satisfying than seeing Cobryn win a way better than expected result this election. I think that he is a lot more popular than people say. That and it is a real shame the UK does not have a proportional representation system Reply ↓ JohnnyGL May 18, 2017 at 2:01 pm Nice! Who says Jeremy doesn’t have a little Bernie magic in him? Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 18, 2017 at 4:29 pm Yes thanks KatieB. I think he was behind too much when election was called. He has blown a lot of good chances. The protest/despair vote for Brexit shows how fed up people are. (see the link on how the Govt treats those on job seeker allowance, as just one example of Britain’s obsession with austerity). So, the crowds are not surprising given his message of hope, for a different, fairer, Britain. The media may be able to fudge and lie about his message, but crowds don’t lie. When a crowd last got together near you, what was your reaction. Most of us go to see what all the fuss is about. Here’s hoping… Reply ↓ FreeMarketApologist May 18, 2017 at 7:59 am American Dream Score: 63 Reply ↓ Sam Adams May 18, 2017 at 8:15 am Same, strange Reply ↓ katiebird May 18, 2017 at 8:18 am Mine too. 63 Reply ↓ MtnLife May 18, 2017 at 8:41 am Beyond strange, same – 63. Reply ↓ Spring Texan May 18, 2017 at 10:10 am Mine was 60. Reply ↓ sleepy May 18, 2017 at 11:11 am 60 for me as well. Reply ↓ Romancing The Loan May 18, 2017 at 11:50 am 63. I’m thinking the scoring might just be unevenly weighted towards that score, not that we’re all weirdly similar. Reply ↓ Gareth May 18, 2017 at 12:42 pm I scored 63, then changed the race category from white to black and got a 70. It’s odd that there were no questions about serving prison or jail time, long periods of unemployment or homelessness. There are some strange assumptions underlying this stupid test. Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 1:45 pm Scores below 53 equate to having had lots of advantages. The higher the score, the fewer advantages we had in life. Linda’s comment below leads to the explanation on the test web site. Reply ↓ Olga May 18, 2017 at 6:50 pm 56 – but then I got my start behind the so-called iron curtain (for kids, it was a nurturing system, for sure). Reply ↓ ambrit May 18, 2017 at 8:45 am I’m batting 63 as well. Is this an “average” score? Or is the NC Department of the Commenteriat “filtering” for a “typical” online cohort? Any more 63s and I’ll start wondering about whether different “blogs” attract a “standard” reader, or, commenter based upon the sites’ subject matter and or style. (Commenters and readers are necessarily from the same pool, but perhaps of different psychological “types.”) Now, do the results of this survey track the results of the dreaded “Personality Test?” Hmmmm…… Reply ↓ Auntienene May 18, 2017 at 10:56 am Me too. 63. One thing the test left out was disabilities. I’m hearing impaired and though I don’t consider it a health problem, it made life a lot harder to navigate. Reply ↓ LT May 18, 2017 at 11:59 am I know I left a couple of things unchecked because I really felt I couldn’t assume I knew everything about my neighbors “needs” or the general health of everyone in my age group. Reply ↓ LT May 18, 2017 at 12:31 pm I also wonder what scores would have looked like if school had been less emphisized and there were more probing questions about home, background, health and career trajectory It’s the kind of test that would be more revealing if taken at different life stages. Reply ↓ Linda May 18, 2017 at 9:02 am hmmm. Your American Dream Score: 63/100 While hard work contributes to success, each of us have encountered different people, experiences, systems, and services that have helped or hindered our efforts. Your score of 63 means you’ve had many factors working in your favor, but several you’ve had to overcome. To see what your score means compared to others, click here. If your life had a soundtrack, it might include You Raise Me Up by Josh Groban, as a nod to what it has taken to get where you are today. Reply ↓ Kevin Smith May 18, 2017 at 9:59 am 53 Reply ↓ Tertium Squid May 18, 2017 at 1:02 pm 53. I think the scores go in 10% increments, offset to 3’s to avoid being obvious. Reply ↓ Knot Galt May 18, 2017 at 5:20 pm For what it’s worth. 56. offset of three it seems to be. Reply ↓ Hobbs May 18, 2017 at 5:40 pm I got 56. Reply ↓ Timmy May 18, 2017 at 5:28 pm We should compare our silver spoons Reply ↓ mrsyk May 18, 2017 at 10:02 am 63 as well. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 10:31 am 63 for me, too. Would this be like everyone getting the same ‘secret’ mantra? Reply ↓ nippersmom May 18, 2017 at 8:27 am Also 63. Reply ↓ oliverks May 18, 2017 at 12:52 pm 63 for me too, seems statistically a bit unlikely. Reply ↓ s.n. May 18, 2017 at 8:37 am 74 Reply ↓ BobW May 18, 2017 at 8:38 am 60 Reply ↓ Milton May 18, 2017 at 8:45 am 63 as well – using Chrome Incognito tab Reply ↓ Mark S. May 18, 2017 at 9:21 am 60, which surprised me. I thought I’d be lower. To quote a line from a sermon I once heard, “The poor of this world know your effort has virtually nothing to do with where you are today.” Reply ↓ Linda May 18, 2017 at 9:35 am In case anyone missed the scoring meanings: The lower your score, the more factors were working in your favor. 54-65 means the majority of factors worked in your favor. 80 and higher means everything worked against you. There is no link, it’s a popup and it’s not able to be copied to paste – so, if you click where it says “click here” in the 2nd sentence in the red box, you can see the score meanings. https://movingupusa.com/survey-results-test/?sid=7996 Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 10:42 am Linda, thanks for this. I know I have been very fortunate, but it turns out I gained even more in the lottery of life than I was aware. My score was 60. Reply ↓ jrs May 18, 2017 at 1:42 pm I was always told again and again that I was fortunate, I have always felt I was fortunate, and yet life has always been incredibly difficult for me. I have chalked this up mostly to having a very flawed personality unfortunately. Or else to life being THE TOTAL SUCK for EVERYONE but most people not admitting that (that is the Thoreau theory: “most men live lives of QUIET desperation”). But a score of 70 to my surprise, does tend to somewhat validate it hasn’t been all roses. Reply ↓ freedeomny May 18, 2017 at 9:35 am 67- yes, I too thought I would be lower Reply ↓ hreik May 18, 2017 at 10:01 am 67 also. Reply ↓ CG May 18, 2017 at 8:26 pm 67. How I answered the public schooling question didn’t change the score (I was curious), but I’d have thought that not answering the question positively yet being a HS grad would presume private schooling which should knock down the score a couple points. Reply ↓ grayslady May 18, 2017 at 10:24 am To quote a line from a sermon I once heard, “The poor of this world know your effort has virtually nothing to do with where you are today.” For sure. So much in life seems to be whether or not you draw the short straw in the gene pool. My sister and I, brought up in identical circumstances, were different in many ways. I did well in school while she struggled; whereas I struggled with my weight while she could eat anything and stay slender. When everyone in the family, including my parents, contracted mumps, I was totally healthy. Effort, alone, is not the deciding factor. Reply ↓ JEHR May 18, 2017 at 3:22 pm I got 70/100 and I don’t have an American dream. Reply ↓ Anne May 18, 2017 at 9:25 am Mine was 56 Reply ↓ grayslady May 18, 2017 at 9:38 am Mine, too. Reply ↓ allan May 18, 2017 at 10:23 am 56, too. I have always been appreciative of the benefits of place (in both space and time), upbringing, external support and accident that have brought me to where I am. And am infuriated when highly successful public figures exaggerate the humbleness of their beginnings when in fact they started out higher than they claim (see Chainsaw Al Dunlop or Paul Ryan) or were the product of a system (see just about everyone in the D.C. swamp). Reply ↓ sbarrkum May 18, 2017 at 12:21 pm 56 Born and bred in a 3rd World country. In US from 28-51, grad school etc. Back in the jungles. Whenever I screwed up had friends to give a helping hand. Parents sent me to a fairly exclusive private all boys school. Classmates/Friends are there for life. Reply ↓ sbarrkum May 18, 2017 at 12:34 pm Example Out of Uni/College in 81 (22 ). Uni is free if lucky/smart to get in. Drank myself silly for 6 years. Friend steps in and says do GRE etc, I will pay including College app fees. So in 88t, grad school in US with a TA/RA stipend. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt May 18, 2017 at 10:01 am Scored a 74. Reply ↓ ginnie nyc May 18, 2017 at 3:59 pm Ditto. More disadvantages than advantages. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt May 18, 2017 at 10:07 am And I’m guessing the lower your score, or the easier your life, the more you supported Hillary. Reply ↓ grayslady May 18, 2017 at 10:27 am Then your guess would be incorrect. Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 10:45 am Your guess would be wrong in my case as well. I voted Green (yes, as a protest). Reply ↓ Bunk McNulty May 18, 2017 at 11:30 am No! I got 49, no surprise, I’m the luckiest SOB you’ll ever meet. And wishing I could have voted for Zephyr Teachout. I know damn well my score has little to do with my own smarts or enterprise. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt May 18, 2017 at 11:38 am All further reasons why I love NC! Reply ↓ Eclair May 18, 2017 at 12:09 pm Bunk, my score is 49 also; I was reluctant to publicize my fortune in getting a good start in life, so thanks for stepping up first. I had always felt ‘deprived;’ the result of growing up with a strange last name (not Scots/English/Irish, or even, Italian!) and then, going to an elite woman’s college (in the 50’s when woman were not admitted to elite men’s colleges) where I felt inferior because my parents were working class and I had not gone to a prep school and did not make my ‘debut’ during Christmas vacation of our freshman year. But, as Clive mentions above, one of my most important decisions was made on an unconscious level, when a few years ago, I felt ‘pulled’ to drive for two days to camp out near Ponca City, Oklahoma, with a group of tar sands/pipeline activists. I knew no one there, just felt I had to go. The experience opened up a whole new world for me; meeting members of the Ponca and Lakota nations and hearing their stories, realizing how our colonialist settler culture has oppressed and marginalized the indigenous people of this continent. And, discovering the intersectionality of racial, sexist, patriarchal forces in our culture. So, knowing the life stories of native American allies, I am not surprised at my score of 49. I, along with so many of my white peer group born in the 1940’s, have been among the most fortunate of people. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 2:59 pm I am somewhere between 49 and 74. When I clicked ‘healthy compared to people of my age,’ I really had no idea. It was just a guess. A lot of questions I also took a stab in the dark, like I did decades on my SAT. It looks like I have been luckier than other people, on average. It’s all luck. And luck is no guarantee. Anyone could be healthier or less healthy going forward. Reply ↓ altoii May 18, 2017 at 10:15 am 56. Always knew I had it easy. Thanks to Milton for the incognito tip. Reply ↓ petal May 18, 2017 at 10:44 am 77. It said my parents were in a good place/able to help me(not really true), and that my race(white) may have helped me get opportunities(the opposite, in fact, on at least 2 occasions that would have really changed things for me). Also found no place to tick that I received social security as a minor because my father became disabled and could no longer work. My parents may have stayed together but that doesn’t mean they should have. Things were pretty tough. Hard to see how it could draw the conclusions. Ah well. Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 10:53 am The higher your score, petal, the tougher you had it. Those with scores of less than 53 had pretty much everything working in their favor. (As an aside, I ticked that my parents didn’t “stay together” until I was grown because my dad dropped dead when I was 13. As a result, my mom, sister and I all benefited from social security survivor benefits. And in my sister’s and my case, the benefits lasted until we graduated from college, which was huge. Of course Reagan changed that.) My “score” of 60 reflects how very fortunate I have been. Those with scores of 80 and above had pretty much everything working against them. In her comment above, Linda tells how to find the explanation of the scoring. It’s too bad the meaning of the scoring is not made more explicit on the site, since it’s so counter-intuitive. Reply ↓ petal May 18, 2017 at 11:37 am Thank you, Carla. I was aware of the scoring before I posted. The conclusions it drew at the end in the little pop-up box were interesting. Reply ↓ paleobotanist May 18, 2017 at 12:31 pm Hmmm I scored 84 Reply ↓ katenka May 18, 2017 at 1:42 pm Greetings, fellow 77! Although I think the test missed one particularly meaningful advantage I was given, which was that I was plucked out of genpop in school and put on a different track for my apparent ability to score well on written tests (while that sort of “othering” makes life miserable for some kids, it didn’t work that way for me — people expected me to be able to muddle through life okay, which I believe was in and of itself an enormous asset to me). While I like to hope this is not true, I think there is a nontrivial chance that I could have been a much worse person if I hadn’t had a little firsthand experience of how rough things can be. Reply ↓ chicagogal May 18, 2017 at 9:34 pm Also 77 and my parents were not in a position to help me with anything. Been self-supporting since 14 – paid for school, clothes, etc while single mother provided housing and food – tho she did charge me for both. Parents divorced when I was 12 and it was my father who graduated with a BS from a 4-year college, so with no contact and a mother who didn’t graduate high school until getting a GED a few years before I graduated, college wasn’t really achievable for me. Sort of remember mother pushing higher education, but was mitigated by her throwing me out of the house into the snows of January in northern Illinois when I got an out-of-state college acceptance letter. Never had a career and only worked one job for more than 3 years before becoming unemployable (and subsequently disabled at age 50) in early 2009. Reply ↓ LT May 18, 2017 at 11:33 am Ha! Mine same. Age and health are big factors. Chances are that the longer a person that doesn’t come from an elite background lives, the more the obastacles could pile up? Reply ↓ Chris G May 18, 2017 at 11:33 am 63 for me. I’m not even American! Reply ↓ IHateBanks May 18, 2017 at 12:05 pm I was a 60. Despite a single parent home with 5 kids back in the 60’s, and working since I was 11 years old, apparently having a penis with white skin on it accounts for a lot in these tests. Reply ↓ Clive May 18, 2017 at 12:30 pm 57 for me, roughly translating US specific elements to British / English equivalents. Most of what I ended up with has been handed to me on a plate, so it seems. Which I guess means I didn’t have to start from a low base and, American-dream like, work my way up. I was though very interested in the questions and survey design — many of the questions simply would never *ever* need to be asked in England of a U.K. resident. They struck me as being very odd questions in a lot of instances. Which made me think about the entire premise of the American Dream — it is a rather odd concept in many ways. Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 3:30 pm “the entire premise of the American Dream — it is a rather odd concept in many ways” — Yep! As George Carlin said, “It’s called the American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it.” Reply ↓ Goyo Marquez May 18, 2017 at 1:16 pm 63 Wondering how much difference male/female makes in results, or is it not included just collected as reference information? Better job market? Hmmm. When I graduated from law school, 1982, we were in the midst of a pretty deep recession. Reply ↓ jrs May 18, 2017 at 1:31 pm 70 But it’s all subjective anyway. Or there are REAL OBJECTIVE factors that influence one’s life but I think that test is crappy at measuring them. Because some people are minimizers anyway, basically we’re stoic, we generally at least if we’re not emotionally overwhelmed which breaks through the stoicism, minimize problems we face (basically tough as nails, expect life to be difficult, always aware it could be worse, compassionate toward others problems sometimes and sometimes not, but tend to *consistently* poo poo any struggles or difficulties we personally may face). So minimizers will score as having an easier life than those who maximize without anything necessarily being objectively different in their entire life trajectory. So basically pretty subjective test. Reply ↓ Anon May 18, 2017 at 3:05 pm 81 ouch. Reply ↓ LifelongLib May 18, 2017 at 5:20 pm 46, but my life doesn’t entirely reflect that. Think I made a fair number of mistakes on my own, in spite of relative advantages. Reply ↓ Angie Neer May 18, 2017 at 6:48 pm 53 Reply ↓ tony May 18, 2017 at 8:13 am Remote viewers can be used in conjunction with other intelligence sources Remote viewing should not stand alone https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00789R003300210001-2.pdf Hardly a suprise. Every major culture has an important place for occultism. Including the US, even before it founded. Reply ↓ ambrit May 18, 2017 at 8:47 am Confirmation bias built in? Let’s throw the yarrow stalks and see. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 11:39 am We need our occult hero, Indie, to get to the Grail and the Covenant before the bad guys. “When you believe, they become very powerful.” “And now they’re safe and sound in storage.” Reply ↓ anon May 18, 2017 at 8:14 am Poitras was gotten to or sold out, maybe both. “Gotten to” could include all kinds of personal and professional threats, as well as appeals to ego. I can think of one political camp, whose figurehead was embarrassed by Wikileaks, that could apply both carrot and stick to turn Poitras. “Respectability” among the elite has a powerful allure. The recasting of her film into an identity politics screed is telling. Probably a good idea for anyone who has her in their chain of trust to revoke it. Reply ↓ Watt4Bob May 18, 2017 at 8:51 am The recasting of her film into an identity politics screed is telling. There’s a lot of discipline being handed out, and nails that stick up are being hammered down. For instance I recently read that; Mrs. Clinton went on to praise the work of several grass-roots groups that have emerged as part of a broad liberal movement opposed to Mr. Trump and his policies. Why do I get the feeling that funding from Onward Together will be predicated on these organizations conforming to certain set of ‘orthodoxies’ which in the end, will amount to accepting gradualism and of course an unquestioned loyalty to the democratic party, meaning the DNC/Hillary axis. “Get back in line, stay with your group.” TINA. Reply ↓ jawbone May 18, 2017 at 5:31 pm And, of course, gradualism is very much like neverism. Reply ↓ DJG May 18, 2017 at 9:18 am What is especially concerning is the background on Jacob Applebaum, as in, lo, how the mighty have fallen: https://www.wired.com/2016/06/tor-developer-jacob-appelbaum-resigns-amid-sex-abuse-claims Reply ↓ freedeomny May 18, 2017 at 9:49 am Not really surprised re Poitras. She’s seems opportunistic to me. There was an article written recently by a Columbia U professor who was involved romantically with her when she first connected with ES. She pretty much pulled him into her world – at risk to him – which I thought was odd. I’ll link it in if I can find it again. But my main impression of her from the article was – well to do family, late bloomer, somewhat immature and…me, me, me…. Reply ↓ katiebird May 18, 2017 at 9:59 am Are you thinking of Snowden’s Box? I think I saw the link here about a month ago. Reply ↓ DJG May 18, 2017 at 10:04 am katiebird: Has to be the Harper’s article, although he wasn’t exactly an unwilling participant. (As I read the article.) Now his friend who received the packages… Reply ↓ freedeomny May 18, 2017 at 10:30 am Yes – Snowdens Box is the article. Thanks Katie. And DJG -no – he wasn’t “unwilling” – but what does that say about “her” even involving someone with whom she has a romantic relationship? Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 11:20 am Interesting, how people who have hurt TBTB are now getting slaughtered (figuratively and/or literally). Jacob A, Laura P, do we see a pattern? Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 8:14 am American Dream:… I got a 70. And you? Completely implausibly, moi aussi. Reply ↓ Annotherone May 18, 2017 at 10:05 am I got 70 – though the survey probably didn’t work as well in my case, not having spent my whole life in the USA. Lived in England until my early 60s. Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 10:55 am Do scroll up to see Linda’s comment about the scoring. The higher your score, the tougher you had it. Those with scores below 53 had the easiest paths in life. Reply ↓ HBE May 18, 2017 at 8:24 am A new book ranks the top 100 solutions to climate change. I notice number one is not solar panels or wind turbines, or any other form of wunderenergie. But “family planning” which is about is close as one can get to saying population control in polite company. I wish they would just say it and help normalize the subject. If you want to effectively slow or stop global warming (and a host of other issues) the only way to do so is with population controls, to deal with our huge overpopulation level. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim May 18, 2017 at 9:27 am What part of overpopulation don’t they understand? Or is it a bad word? Reply ↓ Vatch May 18, 2017 at 9:38 am The influence of religious conservatives is powerful and ubiquitous, and they have forced rational people to self censor. Fortunately, we know that “family planning” is code for “contraception”. The hard part will be breaking the influence of conservative Christian, Muslim, Hindu, and Jewish clerics who oppose the use of effective contraception as well as educating people about it. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 10:12 am I think the influence of religion is very exaggerated. Some of the lowest birth rates in the world are in catholic countries such as Spain and Italy. Birth rates are almost always associated with development levels, education, and the extent of female participation in the workplace. Reply ↓ Vatch May 18, 2017 at 10:25 am I disagree. Many of the nominal European Catholics are quite irreligious, and some are atheists. People in the Catholic Philippines, for example, are more likely to believe in their religious tenets, and that country suffers from overpopulation. Other Christians besides Catholics oppose the effective use of contraception, such as Protestant evangelicals (the Duggars are a prominent example) and Mormons. And as i pointed out in my initial comment, conservative clerics in many other religions opposed the use of effective contraception. You are correct that the education of women is important. I like the Population Media Center, which uses radio and television soap operas to spread the word. There is huge resistance to rational thinking in both the developed and the developing world. Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:39 am Thank you, PK. I agree. About a third of Mauritians are Catholic. They / we have lower birth rates than other religious groups, mainly Hindu, Muslim and Buddhist. It’s not just Club Med, but eastern and central Europe, too, Germanic and Slavic. Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:50 am I should have added practising, too. Few Mauritian Catholics, especially women, don’t go to church. Reply ↓ Vatch May 18, 2017 at 11:03 am As I pointed out in my initial comment, there are conservative clerics in many religions who oppose the use of effective contraception. Mauritius is majority Hindu. But whatever the religions of Mauritius are, to their credit, they lack the dangerous population growth of countries such as India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Nigeria. As for attending church, that’s not necessarily the same as believing. For many people, church attendance is a social practice. Reply ↓ Alejandro May 18, 2017 at 11:48 am The data seems to show an inverse correlation to infant mortality. Implying that eradicating poverty seems to be a long term solution to population growth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkSO9pOVpRM The data doesn’t seem to support the religious hypothesis. Have you seen data that does? Reply ↓ Vatch May 18, 2017 at 12:18 pm It will be very hard to eliminate poverty if overpopulation isn’t first eliminated. Poor families have a lot more difficulty emerging from poverty if they are supporting large numbers of children. Have I seen specific statistical data that shows a correlation between conservative religion and overpopulation? No. But secular Europe and secular Japan have low birth rates. And many conservative religions encourage excessive family size. Of course there are multiple causes for overpopulation. I hope I didn’t give the impression that conservative religion is the only cause. Reply ↓ Alejandro May 18, 2017 at 1:37 pm >” It will be very hard to eliminate poverty if overpopulation isn’t first eliminated. Poor families have a lot more difficulty emerging from poverty if they are supporting large numbers of children.” This perspective seems like a catch-22 from my perspective. OTOH, the stats presented by gapminder showing a strong inverse correlation between infant mortality and population growth rates, seems very convincing. They seem to tend more towards facts than conjecture. http://www.gapminder.org Vatch May 18, 2017 at 1:53 pm Women’s education is key. That’s one of the major goals of the Population Media Center. But women’s education is a low priority according to some patriarchal ideologies and religions. John Wright May 18, 2017 at 9:41 am Population control will get little play in the media as the media depends on increasing the number of users for their content. Same for real estate, finance, automotive, infrastucture and consumer goods industries as economic growth (even if only from increasing population) is always projected to increase their markets and profits. Note the US newspapers who decry the “demographic time bomb” of a shrinking Japanese population in their editorials. Instead the media should be mentioning that the world should observe and possibly learn from the Japanese experience. Besides, isn’t the same media suggesting that robots will make human workers obsolete? Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 11:07 am Well, this makes perfect sense when ALL of your economic models rely on growth, and fall apart without it. If the number one way to address climate change is population control, number two should be a system of steady state economics: http://www.steadystate.org. It has been mentioned on NC before, but almost nowhere else. Reply ↓ subgenius May 18, 2017 at 3:13 pm Steady-state….but AFTER a 10x reduction in resource requirements (US figures…), If you want to look at the reality. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 11:25 am Um, I don’t know a lot about “the Japanese experience”, just anecdotal evidence. For instance, IIRC, birth control (ie, pills) illegal, although abortion is not only legal but morally OK, at least in Buddhism (back on the mandela, no foul, or something like that…) Can you please tell me/us more about “the Japanese experience”?? Reply ↓ John Wright May 18, 2017 at 12:17 pm I should have said “The world can observe and possibly learn from how the Japanese people respond to their projected “demographic time-bomb” population decrease” Maybe it will be accommodated well, but that will not be known for a while.. I do not have information about what factor or combination of factors is causing the Japanese population to decrease. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 10:24 am Given the low birth rates in the developed world, I thought “population control” referred to the efforts the developed world constantly afflicts on the under-developed world: global wars, anthropogenic climate change induced crop destruction, opioid epidemics… “Mowing the grass” as one senior allied force called it, who was granted anonymity so as not to jeopardise operations. Reply ↓ Colonel Smithers May 18, 2017 at 10:46 am Thank you, RG. Mowing the lawn was also used by an Israeli officer. Speaking of Israel, in the 1970s, it collaborated with apartheid South Africa, founded by Nazi sympathisers who are / were not keen on Jews (but that did not worry Israel), to develop not just nuclear weapons, aircraft, gunboats and submarines, but forms of contraception that could be fired by artillery and rifles, so that the blacks rioting in Soweto in 1976 and later would somehow imbibe the contraception. Mengele would have been proud of Israel. Shimon Peres went to his grave without ever apologising for his war crimes. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 11:09 am Thanks alot Colonel, you just outted my source. Now our intelligence [sic] from them will go dark forever. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 11:36 am Thank you, Colonel. Do you have me a link, or some words I could search on, for “forms of contraception that could be fired by artillery and rifles, so that the blacks rioting in Soweto in 1976 and later would somehow imbibe the contraception”? I had not heard of that, and have not (so far) devised a search that brings up anything much. I have, however, heard of Ethiopian Jews given subdermal contraceptives in Israel so am prepared for plausibility. Reply ↓ Tenar May 18, 2017 at 10:47 am If you want to effectively slow or stop global warming (and a host of other issues) the only way to do so is with population controls, to deal with our huge overpopulation level. This framing leaves out consumption. The environmental and global warming crises have less to do with the fact that there are too many people than they do with the fact that too few consume too much. Monibot wrote a good article on this subject a few years ago. Key paragraph: “Population is the issue you blame if you can’t admit to your own impacts: it’s not us consuming, it’s those brown people reproducing. It seems to be a reliable rule of environmental politics that the richer you are, the more likely you are to place population growth close to the top of the list of crimes against the planet.” https://www.theguardian.com/environment/georgemonbiot/2011/oct/27/population-consumption-threat-to-planet Reply ↓ HBE May 18, 2017 at 3:07 pm Well, I don’t have a car, bike and use public transportation, and have less “stuff” than anyone I know. Nor am I rich (millennial here). So that argument falls apart, if we wanted to live sustainably at current population levels the entire globe would have to live at the same level as rural Nigeria (energy, caloric intake, etc.). So just focusing on consumption and not overpopulation does not do us much good. Reply ↓ Goyo Marquez May 18, 2017 at 1:39 pm I suspect that somewhere, the right kind of people, funded by selfless billionaires, are sitting around trying to figure how to begin the culling. A lot of our problems, real or not, would be instantly solved by a, reluctant but necessary, pruning of 5 or 6 billion branches from the human tree. Reply ↓ Anon May 18, 2017 at 3:16 pm Lots of excess labor sitting around. War with Russia would take care of a good hunk. Reply ↓ polecat May 18, 2017 at 4:34 pm “pruning of 5 or 6 billion from the human tree.” …. which would seem to put mute to the idea of running out of Phosphorus anytime soon … so that’s a plus, I guess …. Reply ↓ Goyo Marquez May 18, 2017 at 5:04 pm Now that I think about it maybe the 1% and the 10% figure the world be a much nicer place if they were the only ones in it. For the good of all humankind, of course. Reply ↓ jawbone May 18, 2017 at 5:33 pm The top is a combination of education for girls and family planning. Reply ↓ clarky90 May 18, 2017 at 6:44 pm I guess you will be forgoing your place in the Lifeboat, for ethical reasons? Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 8:29 am A new book ranks the top 100 solutions to climate change. The results are surprising. Vox (UserFriendly) Very good article with conclusion: The number one solution, in terms of potential impact? A combination of educating girls and family planning, which together could reduce 120 gigatons of CO2-equivalent by 2050 — more than on- and offshore wind power combined (99 GT). The problem with this is that whats unsaid is that one of the key reasons why educated women have less children is not that they want less children, but they are more likely to end up working like men, leaving little time to procreate and raise kids. The demographic evidence suggests that the biggest drops in birth rate occur in countries where the work environment is least family friendly and most patriarchal (e.g. Japan, South Korean, much of southern and eastern europe). So if you want to address climate change through demographics, the best way is to force women into the sort of workplaces men suffer in. More equitable societies (such as in northern Europe) certainly have lower birth rates than most countries, but they are not the lowest. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 9:35 am A second problem with this is that it’s most improbable that much will be done to put this solution in place (unless China is given a free hand to take the lead). Ditto tropical forests and plant-rich diets. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 10:05 am The China situation is interesting – the one child policy was probably the most ambitious population control policy in history (excluding genocides), but demographically it didn’t seem to do much to change the overall natural demographic progression – I recall reading that it took a 200 million chunk out of the population, but birth rates now in China are similar to Japan and South Korea at a similar stage of development. It did, however, do all sorts of damage to the society. And the reduction was vastly overcompensated for by industrial ‘development’ churning out more CO2. Reply ↓ Ted May 18, 2017 at 10:14 am Ah … the best way to save the planet? Control women’s reproduction! Where? Where birthrates are highest, silly! Oh, you mean in the global south? Yep, us fine, enlightened, white northerners are gonna really help those brown southern ladies into modernity. We could start with some (re)education, but lets face it, this climate thing is a real crisis, would be better to sterlize them … let’s call the UN and get on this thing right away. Sure is a good thing fascism/statism is on the rise … so much more efficient for this sort of thing. Hey, but it’s good for the planet! Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 11:47 am +100. Ain’t it great to find solutions that involve other people changing their behaviour instead of us changing ours? Reply ↓ Eclair May 18, 2017 at 12:25 pm I someone working on developing a factor that takes into account the amount of carbon/methane using resources a child in, say Sweden or the US, uses versus a child in Botswana or India? And the factor would have to reflect not only country but social class within that country. So, an upper class US child would have a factor of 1 applied while a child born to the lowest class person in Burundi or DRC, would have a factor or, say, 0.1 applied. Ten Burundi children would consume the same amount of resources/produce the same amount of pollution, as one Barron Trump. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 12:35 pm I haven’t read the book, but from the look of it, they have gone into that level of detail. Unfortunately, Vox has bought into the idea of birth control as the most important thing (its actually no.7 on the list), and as noted, this is often code for ‘lets have fewer brown people over populating the planet’. The reality is that every westerner causes far more pollution and damage than the average African or South American, etc. Reply ↓ polecat May 18, 2017 at 4:39 pm Hence, no Toy’s R U.S. … Reply ↓ Vatch May 18, 2017 at 12:42 pm The U.S. population is growing, too, and it’s not all from immigration. Births exceed deaths by more than a million per year. The U.S. birth rate needs to be lowered, because all of those new people are future fossil fuels users. Parents with large numbers of children are more likely to drive large cars, and they use more energy in their households. Remember, the Duggars are United States citizens, as is the governor of Kentucky. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 10:35 am Are suffering working men also less fertile? “Vast right winger conspiracy to go after my husband.” Look at the ulterior motivation. “Russian deals.” Again, motivation. Unless we assume are intrinsically more virtuous, we look at our ulterior motivation. More education for girls…but not necessarily changing the patriarchal environment. Looking at Japan, Korea, etc, are girls more empowered with more education? Yes and no. No suffering equally like men at work, but more empowered? That will have to wait till wealth inequality is less. So, is the motivation just more credentials (ideology’s narrative of ‘education’)? Not empowerment? (Just making the labor supply larger, in order to drive down wages? Not necessarily. Again, that’s connected to resisting neoliberalism, more power to labor in general, men and women). Reply ↓ Jef May 18, 2017 at 11:11 am “…100 solutions to climate change.” and how we can all still get rich doing it. The only way to have a significant effect on AGW is to do a whole lot less…like 75 to 80% less…of everything. Do away with doing some things all together and focus on doing the things needed. This is not a recipe for a strong and growing world economy. Reply ↓ Carla May 18, 2017 at 11:14 am P.K., MoiAussie, Ted, MyLessThanPrimeBeef — as an educated woman, I can assure you, women actually do want fewer children. And where birth control is freely available, and women can see any option other than being under the thumb of the men in their lives, they choose to use it. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 11:27 am Carla, I’m not denying that at all – and the figures confirm it. What I’m saying is that the demographics indicate that its not a simple case of education = desire for less children. Its also related to labour practices, specifically in those countries with a high female participation in paid work along with poor family protections. In other words, its not a simply correlation = causation relationship. The evidence from Europe in particular is that in developed countries when more support is given to women to have children, they want more children, not less. Thats seems to be the key difference between those countries with extremely low birth rates (such as Italy and Spain) and those with somewhat higher ones, such as the Netherlands and Sweden. Reply ↓ a different chris May 18, 2017 at 1:23 pm Are you two talking past each other? Seems to me that possibly PK is saying “women want more than one or none” in terms of children whereas Carla (which I am sympathetic to as she sounds like most of the women I know) is saying 4, 5, up to Duggarland is really not what women want. That is, you might both be agreeing the 2.x replacement rate is pretty much want women want, but don’t realize it because you aren’t being specific. I don’t think Netherlands women want 5 kids no matter what the incentives, and I don’t think Italian women want just one, either. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 11:32 am Thank you and I agree. Additionally, men want fewer children as well. Empowering women, and men, is the key. Education, if it’s credentialism in its clothing, is not. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 11:36 am Carla, I have no doubt about that. My point was just that I don’t think investment in women’s education and birth control is going to happen on the scale needed to make a big impact on CO2. For the most part it would be needed as foreign aid. The rich by and large don’t want to spend their money on this, and the not-so-rich in rich countries don’t want their governments spending money on foreigners. So how is it going to happen? Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 11:40 am My point was just that I don’t think investment in women’s education and birth control is going to happen on the scale needed to make a big impact on CO2 . What do you think will? Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 12:27 pm Outside a nuclear war or an asteroid impact that destroys technological civilization worldwide, I doubt that anything is going to make a big impact on CO2 emissions pre-collapse, because as a species we lack social and political structures capable of rational decision making. Reply ↓ Aumua May 18, 2017 at 3:04 pm I think that overall, the people of Earth are ready to start making decisions that will benefit us all, and move us forward in solving our collective problems. But you’re right, we have no agency as a species. We have no head. Major upheaval seems inevitable. Reply ↓ subgenius May 18, 2017 at 3:19 pm I call bull on that. How many do you know that have given up cars, AC, flights, etc? Wanting to help, and actually doing what is required are 2 very different things. The average US citizen needs to reduce consumption by AN ORDER of magnitude. Reply ↓ ginnie nyc May 18, 2017 at 4:10 pm Well, there’s a considerable cohort of people who do not use a/c in the summer because it’s too damned expensive (use a box fan instead), who don’t fly because they really can’t afford to travel, etc. Poor people use less resources. The eco-ire should be aimed the people with the toys. Reply ↓ subgenius May 18, 2017 at 4:41 pm Nice try …I note you failed to include cars in your answer…a very small percentage of the population actually operate at a sustainable level in the US…think homelessr That’s a 10- fold reduction based on average consumption patterns, not the 10%ers But yes, more ire for fatter cats. Reply ↓ Aumua May 18, 2017 at 7:17 pm Not sure what youre basing your 10 fold figures on there but of course I do agree that we in the west are living it up at the expense of the rest of the world, and reduction of consumption by all of us is necessary. But consumption is what’s being shoved in our faces 247 from a young age by unscrupulous agreedy entities. I believe if people get good information, not all of them, but many of them will become willing to do their part. It all seems hopeless when there is such massive excess and waste going on that regular folk have no control over. It’s economic inequality, globalism, and the like caused by the greed of the few that is an order of magnitude more responsible for where we find ourselves than the actions of citizens Joe and Jane. ginnie nyc May 18, 2017 at 9:33 pm Well, as you know, large parts of the country have no trains or public transportation, and the distances are too great to ride a bicycle. The real problem is there is no extant infrastructure to replace the reliance on cars in those areas. Just declaring people are greedy pigs, without outlining plans for an alternate solution, is throwing spit balls. Personally, I’ve never owned a car. When I needed one, I rented it. Now, of course, I’m unable to drive. This greatly limits where I will live in the future. Why don’t you try this ‘lifestyle’? subgenius May 18, 2017 at 9:45 pm Sorry, but that’s a weak argument – ” we can’t because xyz” gets no results. Take a look at the 3rd world. They make do with neither cars nor infrastructure. If you want to avoid consequences then STOP causing the problem. The end. Inconvenience or indequate infrastructure make zero difference to the essential do or die nature of reality. Which is the point I am making. Added to which, infrastructure build out is massively destructive to the environment. No easy choices, but the solutions are essentially simple. Sadly nobody will take them. polecat May 18, 2017 at 4:48 pm ‘rational decision making’ That may be where Mom Gaia comes into play to throw some dice … with newly mutated viruses and/or bacteria at humanity’s expense ! Has happened in the recent past … (Spanish flu anyone !!), and will most surely occur in the future. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 12:32 pm The report is quite clear what will – it was very misleading of Vox to conflate two separate headings – womens education and birth control (very different things) to say its the most important. They are successively 6 and 7 on the list. Controlling refrigerants and promoting wind energy are 1 and 2. Both dominate because they can have a very short term immediate impact, unlike some others (such as birth control), which would take decades to have a significant impact, by which time its probably way too late. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 1:07 pm The report is quite clear what could, but not what will. Identifying solutions is not the same as implementing them. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 12:06 pm Um, also not said is that educated women not only want to have fewer children, but that they *know how*. Perhaps *un*educated women want similar things, but don’t know how? Making this about working 40+ hours or whatever the number doesn’t make it true. Make contraception safe, legal, cheap or even free, and you might find out a bunch of stuff about women (and their partners) you never knew. As in many human relations, prepare to be surprised. Reply ↓ John k May 18, 2017 at 4:58 pm I strongly support women’s ed and free birth control as the best way to reduce a number of global problems. I note some carping below… what is wrong with equal ed? Which results in women going to work, presumably because they prefer that option, which gives them a higher standard of living, more upwardly mobile mating options, and, I assume, longer life? Less ed cuts off many options while higher ed maintains the homemaker option to those that prefer that life choice. Reply ↓ s.n. May 18, 2017 at 8:44 am Antidote du jour (Timotheus). Looks to be auditioning for the FBI director post at first glance i thought it was richard branson Reply ↓ craazyboy May 18, 2017 at 11:46 am Thought it was Roger Ailes, after wasting away on his deathbed a while. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 18, 2017 at 11:47 am ‘Dote #2 Eagle: “Come to Papa!” Actually, the Eagle could use a pet drone to carry his baggage! Reply ↓ Olga May 18, 2017 at 7:05 pm C’mon guys, those are insults to the lovely monkey. He is a charmer… Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 18, 2017 at 8:57 am Repubs get their Joe McCarthy groove back: KIEV, Ukraine (WaPo) — A month before Donald Trump clinched the Republican nomination, one of his closest allies in Congress — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy — made a politically explosive assertion in a private conversation on Capitol Hill with his fellow GOP leaders: that Trump could be the beneficiary of payments from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy (R-Calif.) said, according to a recording of the June 15, 2016, exchange, which was listened to and verified by The Washington Post. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher is a Californian Republican known in Congress as a fervent defender of Putin and Russia. http://tinyurl.com/kred4b6 “Rory the red” … mwa ha ha ha! And Joe’s your uncle, Kev. Meanwhile Time — that great American weekly which once named an ayatollah Man of the Year — features a gripping rendering of the White House morphing brick by brick into the Kremlin: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DAGoW5UUwAEuupw.jpg We’re back in the USSR You don’t know how lucky you are, boy Back in the US Back in the US Back in the USSR Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 9:22 am Congressthangs just can’t seem to imagine anyone saying anthing positive about Russia without being bribed to do so. Partisan pointscoring aside, the ultimate basis of such accusations of having unseemly foreign connections seems to lie in the utter dominance of money in US politics. “Why would you take a stance if you weren’t being paid to” is the mindset. Has anyone accused Tulsi Gabbard of being paid by the Syrians yet? Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 18, 2017 at 10:15 am A half century ago I recall my dad — a yellow-dawg, party-line Democrat, then and now — addressing some local John Birchers who had espied some red communist influence in the civil rights movement of the day. “Put up or shut up,” he demanded. My, how the wheel has turned. With luck, the D-mented party (and its R party fellow travelers) will discredit itself as thoroughly as the Republiclowns did with their postwar red-baiting excesses, consigning themselves to minority party status in the House for forty long years (1954-1994). Over to you, Nancy Pestilosi! *hoists a glass of Stoli Elit* Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 11:44 am “Dana Rohrabacher” must be a very common name in the US, because the other one I remember by that name was a better-dead-than-red congressman from behind the Orange Curtain who was the moving force behind the anti-Russian Reagan Doctrine. We should just call them all Bruce to keep things straight. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 18, 2017 at 9:14 am “Radical center” How about? “I’ve got mine to hell with everyone else, but I demand to be popular.” Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 18, 2017 at 9:16 am roger ailes dead at 77. https://www.yahoo.com/tv/roger-ailes-dies-former-fox-125048799.html Reply ↓ Altandmain May 18, 2017 at 11:15 am Good riddance. The man was a right wing propagandist and apparently a sexual abuser. If only people would wake up from the MSM. It is like if Robert Rubin passed away tomorrow – good riddance, the world is better without such people. I hate to be so harsh, but that’s my objective assessment. Reply ↓ LT May 18, 2017 at 12:01 pm I’m pretty sure it would have been bigger news if he had died in Russia. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 18, 2017 at 9:17 am “CalPERS, the state’s pension and health care fund, the largest in the nation, has invested $136 million in Monsanto.” Is that a lot? Let’s do a little maff to try to put it in perspective. $136 million represents 0.09% of Calpers’ $153 billion public equity portfolio. By contrast, Monsanto has an 0.21% weight in the S&P 500 index, as one can verify in the semi-annual report of the SPY tracker ETF. So Calpers is way underweighted in Monsanto, versus the amount of Monsanto that Calpers would hold if it wanted to replicate a widely used benchmark. This is likely partly due to Calpers’ allocation to international stocks. Note that Calpers owns no tobacco stocks, and extended this ban to its external managers and affiliate funds last December. Three US tobacco stocks — Altria, Philip Morris, and Reynolds American — have blown the roof off compared to broad indexes. Calpers has created its own tobacco-free benchmark, but it can’t keep up with the less ideologically pure broad market. Reply ↓ Spring Texan May 18, 2017 at 10:13 am Thanks, perspective is good. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 12:07 pm Maff rules! Reply ↓ voteforno6 May 18, 2017 at 9:18 am Re: The Trump Card It would be interesting if he re-opened the Clinton email investigation. “Liberals” would reject it as spiteful, and an attempt to fight back against those people who are trying to bring him down. Which it would be, but that is irrelevant. Despite what those “liberals” may believe, what she did with her server was worse than Trump sharing classified information with Russia. If someone much lower on the food chain had done the same thing, at the very least he/she would’ve lost his/her job and security clearance, and could’ve faced prosecution as well. That doesn’t even take into account the obstruction of justice. Democrats might think they have a winning hand here, but they seem to be willfully ignorant of just how hard someone will fight when he or she is cornered. This could be fun. Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 18, 2017 at 9:41 am Are there any ongoing FBI or Congressional investigations of Clinton, her campaign or the DNC? With the recent uptick in Seth Rich stories, it would seem to be a matter of time before there is enough pressure from various citizens, blogs and police groups to investigate evidence and pursue any remedies. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 12:52 pm Will there be any rogue or renegade dissenters from within the IC to expose the coup, sorry, the righteous crusade, to remove Trump? Reply ↓ Plenue May 18, 2017 at 5:56 pm On the topic of Seth Rich, I follow Right Wing Watch, which is generally just an amusing resource for clips of the latest crazy thing Dominionists you’ve never heard of are saying. But I’m now starting to wonder who actually bankrolls RWW, because the day the most recent Rich story emerged RWW posted multiple videos of right wingers talking about it. It really feels to me like someone connected to the DNC is trying to get out in front of it and assure liberals that “there’s nothing to see here, just some crazy nonsense the far-right is talking about”. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 18, 2017 at 6:15 pm “Michael Keegan is the organization’s president. Members of the group’s board of directors include John Hall Buchanan, Jr., Alec Baldwin, Seth MacFarlane, Mary Frances Berry, Julian Bond (deceased), Bertis Downs IV, James Hormel, Dolores Huerta, Jane Lynch, Josh Sapan, Dennis Van Roekel, Howie Klein and Reg Weaver.” (I emphasized some major anti-left players I recognized. Howie Klein of “Down with Tyranny” is a rather interesting name to find there, but tokenism isn’t dead.) RWW is a project of the Tides Foundation, later spun off to People for the American Way Foundation. As you might expect, the Podesta family has had their fingers in the pie and Our Boy Soros has contributed to their cause (not particularly uncommon or dispositive, but it’s there). Also interestingly, the “Bauman Foundation” has contributed to PFAW (surely no relation to Brad Bauman, crisis management professional and Democrat-imposed spokesperson for the Rich family). So, by the flexian model, the Democrat establishment definitely signs their paycheck and gives the orders, however dotted the lines may be. Reply ↓ Plenue May 18, 2017 at 10:29 pm Somehow this information doesn’t surprise me. Maybe someone should start a Liberal Watch, just to catalog all the insane stuff coming from people like Maddow and Olbermann. Reply ↓ John Wright May 18, 2017 at 10:34 am Not much mention is made that HRC and her team of lawyers deleted (without making a backup) about half of her email traffic (30000 out of 60000 messages). These were supposedly of a personal and innocuous nature, but that seems all the more reason to save a backup, perhaps in a “personal_innocuous” folder. It is as if the 27 year old HRC learned from her experience assisting the House Judiciary Committee on the Watergate investigation that if Richard Nixon had destroyed the tapes, he might have remained in office. , I suspect that even HRC defenders would have a difficult time excusing this behavior, as they could suspect that HRC just might have calculated it would be more harmful to preserve rather than destroy this “innocuous” content. Why not save a backup and leave it with an above reproach individual/institution? Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop May 18, 2017 at 9:20 pm I’ve simply given up expecting that any kind of forethought happens before she indulges in one of her capers. She acts and people clean up. And nobody mentions how many times she’s stepped on the same rake in the last 30 years. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 18, 2017 at 11:07 am msnbs is reporting this morning that Mueller’s investigation will focus on electoral “collusion,” and the prime suspects will be Flynn and Manafort. If that’s true….. One of the incidences of collusion of which Flynn is accused is his paid speech to RT. In evaluating that, won’t bill clinton’s $500,000 speech at a Russian bank or involvement with Uranium One at least need to be acknowledged, if for no other reason than a definition of “acceptable” conduct? Manafort’s “crime” is involvement in Ukrainian politics. Will the involvement of clinton’s state department, or the podesta brothers lobbying be able to be ignored, once again in establishing what behavior is acceptable where american consultants are concerned? And a new wrinkle seems to be emerging where Pence is concerned. Supposedly Flynn advised the transition team of his Russian “contacts,” prior to his being named national security advisor. Pence, head of the Trump transition team and responsible for vetting, was, then, aware of the “conflict” and approved his appointment anyway. Tangled web and wildly competing interests. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 18, 2017 at 11:53 am Tale Wags Dog. Ukraine is very well connected to Biden, The Atlantic Council, NATO, CIA, and CloudStrike. Be hard to keep from stepping on those egg shells. In fact, I’d call it a Trump inspired investigation…. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 18, 2017 at 3:31 pm And that is why, when someone challenges me as denying the need for an investigation, my response is “I’d love to have an investigation into foreign influences on our government. Will it include those members of Congress’ and other government workers’ relationships with the Saudis and Israelis as well? For instance, will it look into that nice donation Patrick Murphy got, nicely laundered and folded, from a branch of the Saudi royal family during his last campaign?” Reply ↓ DJG May 18, 2017 at 9:23 am Flynn and Turkey. So now what comes out is lobbying for Turkey, rather than contacts with (or in addition to) the Russians. Hmmm. Erdogan corrupts everything that he touches. Netanyahu corrupts everything that he touches. Need I mention the Saudi Royals? Flynn has been caught in the revolving door of D.C. Yet the U.S. elites can’t get enough of these bottom feeders, and sacrificing the domestic economy and lives of U.S. soldiers to their bottom-feeding delusions seems not to bother our elites at all. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 18, 2017 at 9:39 am “I pretty much only see movies at theaters because I too really like the “big screen” experience. ” I, on the other hand, pretty much hate the big screen experience – too expensive, too loud, too visually overwhelming, too many people, etc…..so I am one of those grateful for Netflix, Amazon, HBO, etc….. I would love a ROKU channel devoted to seeing those film festival films as they come out….. I’m in agreement with Will Smith – if Netflix does an outstanding production, then it should be allowed to be juried, whether or not it comes out on the big screen…. Reply ↓ freedeomny May 18, 2017 at 9:57 am Have you heard of KODI? You can download it to your ROKU – or even get a Firestick with it programmed onto it. It is free and you can access all sorts of films (even if still on the big screen). However, you would probably want to get a VPN downloaded to your ROKU or router…. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 18, 2017 at 10:02 am Especially too loud. Blame this on George Lucas whose THX program set standards for theater volume designed to pound you into submission. Reply ↓ Spring Texan May 18, 2017 at 10:14 am I have to take earplugs if I go at all. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm May 18, 2017 at 12:00 pm Me too! I carry a pair with me wherever I go — there is so much uncontrolled noise in public venues and work areas. I sleep with them in to block the noise from all the lawn mowers and leaf blowers that interrupt my sleeping-in in the morning. Reply ↓ Jef May 18, 2017 at 11:15 am “…I too really like the “big screen” experience. ” No problem, just put in a home theatre like Will Smith has. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm May 18, 2017 at 12:04 pm I like to watch movies on DVD so I can listen to the director’s and writer’s commentaries. I also like to re-watch movies several times to catch the details I often miss on first viewing. Some movies definitely are best experienced in a theater — but the cost holds me back. Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 18, 2017 at 5:07 pm Yes, about $50 here for two to see movie and get an ice cream. I rarely go now – aircon is usually up too high and some movies can just be too loud. I spent $600 on a 1080p projector and screen – much better at home – and Netflix screens on it just fine. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 18, 2017 at 9:43 am I would also prefer a cinema to see a film, but I think that unless you live in a large city, by & large in the UK cinema output is almost entirely for the mainstream – no problem then for Will smith’s output. I managed to watch what there was on Netflix that interested me, quite easily within the free months trial & then moved on to Mubi. In 1979 I sat & watched ” Alien ” while solitary on a secondary smaller screen at a local cinema. Probably the only time that I would have preferred a bit of company, but aided by not knowing what to expect, it was an incredible experience, but those days are unfortunately long gone. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 10:09 am I usually prefer the cinema, but the last film I’ve seen on the big screen is the amazing Korean film The Handmaiden (youtube link). I must admit there were several times I wish I wasn’t in a public place while watching it, definitely one for rewatching on netflix….. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 18, 2017 at 1:59 pm PK Thank you for the tip – I now have the blu-ray reserved on Lovefilm . the last Korean film I watched was ” Poetry “, which I was reminded of yesterday in terms of devotion, by the slave article. It is childish I suppose, but one of the things I really like about Mubi is the anticipation each day, when checking what the new offering is. I usually get around 2-3 watches a week, mostly films I would probably otherwise never see. A while back I came across ” Betty Blue ” & had to watch her twice. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 6:30 pm Poetry is a fantastic film. There is something quite unique about the best Korean cinema, they manage to make accessible films that defy normal genres. Thanks for the mention of Mubi, I’d never heard of it, it looks great. Its great to invite a bit of serendipity, like most people I get stuck in a rut of watching the same sort of films all the time. Betty Blue is amazing! When I was in Uni, showing Betty Blue at an event was always a guarantee of a full house. For a bunch of 19-20 year olds it seemed impossibly cool and sexy. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 18, 2017 at 10:17 am RE: CNN Debate: Bernie Sanders vs John Kasich Full Town Hall Debate, May 16th 2017 YouTube (martha r). 71K views so far, which is not bad. But all about Russia and Bernie apparently hewed to the standard Dem position. I set my dvr to record the debate. It was scheduled, initially, for 2 hours. The first hour wound up being an interview with Sally Yates by Anderson Cooper about…..well, you know. Fast forward. When Bernie and Kasich finally came on, it was clear that healthcare would not be on the agenda–just Trump and….well, you know. Continued to fast forward, checking every few minutes, just to make sure. I’ve no idea if youtube would count that as a “view.” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 11:48 am It still reminds of a denial-of-service attack. Service, here, refers to any positive contribution a viewer/a reader might offer to the world, after receiving real news. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 18, 2017 at 10:23 am RE: Trump Card Rallies would work if the Trumpster was a senator, but as far as the electorate is concerned he’s in charge and needs to deliver. @theREALHueyLong could govern; @theREALDonaldTrump can’t. Reply ↓ George Lane May 18, 2017 at 10:35 am Just go to CIA.gov and click on reading room to read some of the many declassified reports about US study into parapsychology. They’ve been declassified for years. Draw your own conclusions. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 11:51 am I think this sets the stage for the new charge of Russian interference through remote mind control. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 18, 2017 at 10:43 am Brazilgate, comrades: Brazil’s stock market, Bovespa, plunged more than 10% immediately after opening Thursday, wiping out almost all of its gains for the year. Officials halted trading for 30 minutes Brazil’s currency, the real, also tanked 7% against the dollar, its worst day since the global financial crisis in 2008. The selloff came after new bribery allegations surfaced against Brazil’s president, Michel Temer. A prominent Brazilian newspaper, O Globo, reported Wednesday night that Temer paid a bribe to the former House Speaker in Congress, Eduardo Cunha, to stay silent while Cunha serves a prison term. O Globo said there were recordings of conversations between the two in which the alleged bribe occurred. http://money.cnn.com/2017/05/18/investing/brazil-stock-market-temer/ Brazil’s default risk as reflected in Credit Default Swaps has soared, as its bond market is pummeled senseless. Diogenes just left Brasilia empty handed, headed for Caracas … Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 11:28 am The Confidence Fairy fears Brazilian workers may not get their full punishment. She is a fickle strumpet. Reply ↓ B1whois May 18, 2017 at 10:46 am The placement of the heading “Trump Transition” immediately following the article on Chelsea Manning got my wheels spinning this morning. And then I see the antidote, which once again reminds me of Trump. Reply ↓ Dan Lynch May 18, 2017 at 11:02 am Yves said @Lambert said “to go full Huey Long and start holding rallies.” If that is your impression of Huey Long then you don’t know Huey Long. Yes Huey held rallies but no more so than any other politician. Huey was better known for his national radio program (a first for a politician), his newsletter, his “Share Our Wealth” club, and his flamboyant Senate filibusters. Huey’s strength was the 99% voters who were in Huey’s corner because Huey delivered for them — roads, schools, progressive taxation, jobs, Glass-Steagall as we know it, and a free hospital. Trump has not delivered. Another Huey strength was forming temporary alliances and making deals to get legislation passed. Where is Trump’s alliance? The only significant legislation Trump has passed is TrumpCare which even his own base does not like. The only thing Huey and Trump have in common is they both campaigned as populists. But Huey delivered once in office, making him a real populist, not a demogogue. Trump is a demogogue who told voters what they wanted to hear but sold out once in office. Rallies won’t fix that. As a Huey fan, I had to set the record straight. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 18, 2017 at 12:40 pm Amen! All hail the Kingfish! Reply ↓ s.n. May 18, 2017 at 1:26 pm Every Man a King…. and if he hadn’t been conveniently assassinated in 1935, maybe he’d have given FDR a run for his money in 1936? especially given his hook-up with Father Charles Coughlin… [what I really remember from that great fat three-inch-thick Huey Long biography by whatshisname that came out in 1972 or so is Huey carefully assessing the softness versus crinkliness of the paper to be used in his campaign handbills as he knew his voters would be using it later as toilet paper in their outhouses.] Reply ↓ Roger Bigod May 19, 2017 at 2:19 am T Harry Williams. Generations of LSU students took his courses and bragged about the experience for the rest of their lives. The art historian John Scully at Yale was a similar icon. T Harry’s step-daughter married into the banking family of the small town I grew up in, so I’ve long been aware of him. One of the interesting stories is Huey spending the day holding rallies in the town squares of small towns stirring up the folks with a down home accent, then returning to Baton Rouge and going to the LSU faculty club to discuss literature and history in faculty club English. Doesn’t sound like anyone we know. I don’t know about Huey’s time, but in later decades when the Long Machine was still going strong, someone noticed that no one at the Country Club had a kind word for the trashy Longs, but the upscale precinct where the members lived always went for them. Does sound familiar. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 11:06 am I couldn’t find a non-paywall version of the FT Brazil article (googling the headline, as usual, does not work), but the headline is very mild in view of the magnitude of the scandal. Not only was unelected president Temer recorded red-handed asking for bribes, but the same recordings also ensnared the opposition’s last presidential candidate, Aecio Neves. Personally, I think the oligarchs in Brazil couldn’t care less about Temer; they just want to ensure implementation of their auserity package (‘Bridge to the Future‘, which Temer twice admitted publicly was the real reason for Rousseff’s impeachment). They don’t care who implements the draconian roll-back of the PT’s social policies, so long as they get rolled back. This plays in with what I have been arguing about the argument of coruption in this latest chapter of South America’s political soap opera: corruption is never the issue; austerity is. That said, “corruption” is the hill the Brazilian media/establishment has chosen to die on, which will make this latest, bigger scandal hard to ‘splain away– even for media monopoly Globo who broke the story. Behind Temer, the clearest candidate to pick up the fallen flag of austerity would clearly have been Neves, but now that he too has been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, the opposition bench is getting very thin. With Lula still by far the country’s most popular politician (in spite of or with the help of last week’s kangaroo court deposition of him), if this scandal were to bring down Temer, the only national-level austerity-friendly politician not thoroughly stained by scandal would be Jair Bolsonaro, who is roughly Donald Trump but without Trump’s civility and tolerance. In sum, while I personally don’t find corruption charges very interesting, this scandal is nevertheless gonna be yuge. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 18, 2017 at 11:35 am Hmmm….powerful media corporation seeks to oust president so the agenda of certain oligarchs won’t be threatened. What country were we talking about again? The Regime Change playbook is now global. It doesn’t matter if the target is in fact less than a paragon (Rousseff too?). The point is to show who’s in charge and, to paraphrase Carlin, it ain’t us. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 12:35 pm I want to write about this here someday, but there is a very interesting (as in awful) trend down here that may apply in the US now that the Borg has encountered an intruder in the Oval Office. Namely, what we have seen in Brazil, Paraguay, Honduras (and to a less successful extent in Ecuador, Venezuela and Argentina) is oligarchs using ostensibly democratic instutions to overturn election results. In this example, Brazil, Honduras and Paraguay are the weakest, because in all three of those countries the Establishment controls not only the press and the judiciary but also the legislative branch– which is also the case of the US. There, it is difficult for any leader who is even slightly anti-establishment to survive. The control of both the judiciary and the press turns out to be particularly powerful, as Malcom the Tenth once noted, “the media’s the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that’s power. Because they control the minds of the masses”. Thus the most effective check on the media’s power is a healthy judiciary, but if the judiciary is subject to the Establishment too, then the powerful can convict anyone they like in the court of public opinion and have that verdict confirmed institutionally by their supine justice system. This is the curent situation in Brazil and Argentina (see for example the bogus case right now vs. Lula) and it could very well be the method that finally takes down Trump. Jeremy Corbyn should be taking notes as well. Reply ↓ a different chris May 18, 2017 at 1:42 pm >as Malcom the Tenth once noted, “the media’s the most powerful entity… Sigh Malcom wasn’t generally such a long-winded bore, I don’t think. :) But in this case the much better/simpler quote is: “Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.” Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop May 18, 2017 at 9:41 pm He was an orator, it’s gotta scan. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 11:47 am Rabid, it’s been retitled. Try searching for Temer bribery claims. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 18, 2017 at 12:03 pm Thanks MoiAussie, but even with that new titleI still can’t access the full FT article. If someone has a link I would much appreciate it. It may be my inferior Google-fu, but I do not think the “Google the headline” trick ever works with FT or WSJ. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 18, 2017 at 12:39 pm Google the headline in Google News always works for me with FT, but never with WSJ or Forbes. Sometimes you need to try a few different parts of the headline to find it. The address of the working FT page is exactly the same as Yves’ link, so it must be something to do with the page referral process, not the link address itself. Try searching from the box at the top of the Google News home page. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 18, 2017 at 5:34 pm If you’re visiting FT from Argentina, maybe there are some things you’re just not allowed to know. Try coming at them from an IP address geocoded to a “mature” economy, maybe. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 12:10 am Not in my experience. I stopped trying. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 12:14 am Glenn Greenwald’s take: https://theintercept.com/2017/05/18/after-latest-bombshells-only-michel-temers-removal-and-new-elections-can-save-brazils-democracy/ Reply ↓ TK421 May 18, 2017 at 11:11 am Mr. Market Has a Sad Please communicate to us as if we are adults. I think we’ve earned that. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 18, 2017 at 11:55 am :( Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 11:57 am OK, then. We have some very bad news to give you about the Confidence Fairy… Reply ↓ Ruben May 18, 2017 at 1:03 pm Lol! You made it worthwhile coming this down into the comments. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt May 18, 2017 at 12:15 pm Lighten up, Francis. Yours, Sgt. Hulka Reply ↓ diptherio May 18, 2017 at 1:36 pm Not to ruin it, but the childish tone is directed at “Mr. Market,” not at the readership. It’s an antidote to the overly serious tone in which the fortunes of gamblers and speculators are typically reported on in the mainstream press. Reply ↓ clarky90 May 18, 2017 at 7:08 pm Mr Market is sad because Mrs. Market is leaving him. What about the children? Their happy years together? The memories? I have tried to talk to Mr. Market, but he is in total despair. He just sits there sobbing Reply ↓ clarky90 May 18, 2017 at 8:44 pm Mr Market is sad. His mom (Mother Earth) is dying! The community blames Mr Market. Mr Market has been abusing his mother since his birth. He has committed uninterrupted physical and psychological assaults against Her. (Mother Earth is absolutely beautiful.) The awful part; Mr Market (a proudly, self absorbed psychopath) is not sad about his awful crimes towards his Mother. No, he is sad because he cannot change his own diapers, grow his own food, put on his clothes or build his own shelter. He cannot even make his own air. He thought he would be fine if he took “scientific” supplements, ate energy bars and had a bomb-proof bunker. It is not working. He is morbidly obese and his blood sugars are through the roof… He is at Death’s Door, in spite of his confident demeanor. Mr Market is sad (doomed) Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 12:15 am Personally, I enjoy Lambert’s colorful but sarcastic language. This one is a NC slogan. Reply ↓ vidimi May 18, 2017 at 11:28 am re: the chinese insurance monster, i was talking to a friend with high-placed connections in one of the biggest chinese firms and he told me that the company sells insurance products with guaranteed annual returns of 10% or more. i don’t know the term of these products, but it certainly sounded like a ponzi scheme at the time. these companies bet on increasing growth to pay their existing obligations only these get bigger with time while the pool of suckers keeps shrinking. this will end badly, though the question is, will it destroy foreign investors as well as the chinese? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 11:56 am Xi is claiming that China is the guardian of globalization. Does he mean when their many ponzi schemes go, they will be globalized? Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun May 18, 2017 at 12:27 pm Anecdotally, 10% is considered normal in China for non-mainstream investments. When I ask Chinese friends about these they always get a little vague, just that its ‘an investment scheme I’m in….’. Even in a very high growth economy of course returns like that are, to put it mildly, questionable (and not least because the return seems remarkably similar every year). I’ve a strong suspicion there are many, many ponzi schemes underpinning local shadow and informal schemes in China, but we won’t know until they collapse. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 18, 2017 at 12:47 pm In the late 1980s, several unlicensed deposit takers (a/k/a Ponzi schemes) grew to enormous size in Taiwan. Tacitly tolerated by the authorities, they had physical offices in major cities. They promised returns of 2 to 4 percent per month, which they expected to obtain in a stock market that was on its way to quintupling. Needless to say, their business model imploded in 1990 when the Nikkei, followed by the Taiex, suddenly began skiing headlong down the back side of the mountain. Since mainland Chinese stocks aren’t doing that great, presumably Chinese wealth management products are into leveraged real estate and subprime loans which may or may not be collateralized (and such collateral as there is may be fake or multiply pledged, too). As our dear old Uncle Warren says, when the tide goes out, we’ll find out who’s swimming naked. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 12:06 am Didn’t a massive Ponzi scheme lead to the overthrow of the Albanian government, or very nearly? That kind of destabilization in China would destabilize everybody (a core objection to globalization: no fire walls.) Reply ↓ Synoia May 18, 2017 at 11:46 am My eyesight is bad. Is that picture Trump, or one of our senators? Reply ↓ HotFlash May 18, 2017 at 11:59 am My old memory doesn’t yield a name, but I am pretty sure I worked for that guy. Or maybe he was a prof? Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt May 18, 2017 at 11:49 am For the 40-somethings who got the Seattle sound… https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qi8hhiYEQA Rest in Peace, Chris Cornell. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt May 18, 2017 at 11:59 am Don’t come over here Piss on my gate Save it Just keep it off of my wave… My Wave Soundgarden from Superunknown album Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 12:09 pm Ex-Baylor student sues school, says gang raped by football players Reuters (martha r) That’s not education for the student received in an educational institution, but disempowerment. On the other hand, those players need ‘real education,’ which they have not gotten, it seems (for everyone is innocent until proven otherwise). Reply ↓ Eugene May 18, 2017 at 12:10 pm Although I loathe third-wayism I feel like the notion of the “radical center” could be useful if done correctly. It won’t be with neoliberals defining the concept; however, recall the Myerson/Matthews articles about reforms that millenials, conservative or otherwise, should be organizing, agitating, and voting for… That’s my kind of radical center. http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/five-economic-reforms-millennials-should-be-fighting-for-20140103 https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/01/07/five-conservative-reforms-millennials-should-be-fighting-for/?utm_term=.f4761c705e79 Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 12:15 pm Investigation Reveals That Walmart and Lowe’s Have Direct Links to Slave Labor Alternet. Wowsers . Will cities remove their statues (in this case, store signs are the closest equivalents)? “We will not honor slavery here.” Reply ↓ craazyboy May 18, 2017 at 12:31 pm It’s only the items marked “Ho-Hos” and they’re fully dressed and you can only take them out thru the 3rd shift checkout lane. This is after 10PM, normal censor time in most states, and Blue Laws are appropriately relaxed. ALDI does it in Germany too. They have a Oreo Bordello there. It’s called, “Die Haus Mit Ze Risen Sohn!” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 12:17 pm Special counsel appointed in Russia probe CNN (furzy) The question is title – what do we call him? The Russia czar? Why not? We have had the health czar, the drug czar, the afghan czar, etc. Reply ↓ Eclair May 18, 2017 at 12:26 pm We can simply refer to him as “Nicky.” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 12:33 pm A century after the glorious October Revolution, there is, again, a Russia czar. Reply ↓ polecat May 18, 2017 at 5:03 pm ol’ RASpyforPUTIN Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 12:32 pm U.S. Yanks Scathing Report Blasting DHS for Catching Less than 1% of Visa Overstays Judicial Watch (SS). Judicial Watch has a hard-core right wing agenda, but they also have a reputation for not making stuff up. What this might suggest is that the Administration is loath to fan anti-immigrant fires now that it seems to be checked on key initiatives like The Wall and cracking down on sanctuary cities. Undocumented immigrants do need visas. Documented immigrants can stay as long as they want. They don’t overstay. Are we, then, talking about tourists, students, H1B visa holders, etc? Catching less than 1% is like not catching at all. I think something close to 90% would suggest a functioning visa program. Reply ↓ Dave Chapman May 18, 2017 at 1:25 pm I have worked with various visa overstay cases, mostly in Silicon Valley. Typical were some French guys, college graduates, who had come over here on a “Disneyland Visa”. They liked Disneyland, and somebody had offered them a job writing software, so they had stayed. Technically, it is illegal to do this, but nobody was going to call the INS on them. (Obviously, they were not getting paid half, and this was a long time before the whole “hire an H1-B, lay off an American” thing became a social and political problem. Funny thing, for a while there, Borland (at the time a big software company) had a CEO who was an illegal immigrant, also a visa overstay. The main issue is that our attitudes have changed because of the fact that Americans are now being laid off, and because of the fact that many of the “Guest Workers” from India have a severe attitude problem. My take on the whole INS thing is that the Cheap Labor Lobby does not want to have the law enforced, and they have been getting what they want. Reply ↓ polecat May 18, 2017 at 5:10 pm .. because Cheap Labor has their FANGS bared on policy, and they’ll draw blood if necessary ! Reply ↓ Altandmain May 18, 2017 at 12:50 pm Considering this is the Guardian, this one is actually pretty good: https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/may/18/we-dont-need-clinton-to-go-onward-together-fight-trump-in-other-ways Reply ↓ Indrid Cold May 18, 2017 at 1:17 pm Re: ESP This idea that our entire consciousness is entirely an epiphenonemon of electro-chemical processes in the brain is just based on a bogus epistemology. In the late 19th century, the engineers won the battle. Because, let’s face it, engineering gives us a lot of pretty things. The mechanistic ontology of Dawkins and those people is more a reaction to the intrusion of atavistic religion into our politics than any rigorously tested theory (like, evolution for instance). Also it’s worth noting that the ‘Men Who Stare At Goats’ thing was presented in a jokey way. Which underscores the current world view. Because we all know our government throws piles of money at stupid stuff. Sure. But read through all this. Look who it is throwing all this tax money around and why they’re doing it: http://visupview.blogspot.com/2017/05/fringe-strange-and-terrible-history-of.html Reply ↓ RMO May 18, 2017 at 6:06 pm “This idea that our entire consciousness is entirely an epiphenonemon of electro-chemical processes in the brain is just based on a bogus epistemology. In the late 19th century, the engineers won the battle. Because, let’s face it, engineering gives us a lot of pretty things.” That’s the most verbose yet unpersuasive arguments against wearing a helmet while riding a motorcycle I have ever heard :-) Reply ↓ Mark P. May 18, 2017 at 6:25 pm ‘That’s the most verbose yet unpersuasive arguments against wearing a helmet while riding a motorcycle I have ever heard.’ +1000! Reply ↓ Altandmain May 18, 2017 at 1:51 pm Another one for class warfare: https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2017/05/17/flin-m17.html Flint and the water bills are crazy. Paying for water that is probably dangerous to drink. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 18, 2017 at 2:34 pm From the Paul Hawken interview on “100 Ways”: (not disagreeing with the emphasis on population control – which will happen, just not necessarily in such a nice way): “You can’t achieve drawdown unless you sequester [carbon], but right now the only way we know how to do it in a reliable way is photosynthesis.” There’s your soil storage and reforestation. The real reason it isn’t on the list, except by implication, is that not enough hard research has been done. Reply ↓ mitzimuffin May 18, 2017 at 3:37 pm 53. I’ve been pretty lucky; I thank my parents and 3 older bros for paving the way. Oh, and a very large, tight-knit Irish-American family. Reply ↓ roxan May 18, 2017 at 4:11 pm For anyone seriously interested in psi/paranormal topics, this is a fascinating series of podcast interviews with top researchers, experiencers, remote viewers, etc. Shattered Reality! | A paranormal podcast with your hosts Kate … https://shatteredrealitypodcast.wordpress.com/ A paranormal podcast with your hosts Kate Valentine and Fahrusha. Reply ↓ Vatch May 18, 2017 at 4:21 pm Apple starts assembling iPhones in India in play for the world’s fastest growing smartphone market TechCrunch There’s no mention of suicide prevention nets in the article. Is that an oversight by the author or by the Apple factory managers? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 18, 2017 at 4:30 pm The author was probably awe struck by how genius those people were about when to best cut down bodhi trees for decorating their Indian HQ campus. “Only do it in January.” Reply ↓ RMO May 18, 2017 at 5:40 pm 63 for me too, though I live in Canada so that may change things. I really didn’t want to have some quiz tell me a Josh Groban song is my life soundtrack though. Jeez… couldn’t I have had something by Ride (something from the Nowhere album) or The Cramps? Maybe electric era Miles Davis? Reply ↓ Juneau May 18, 2017 at 6:34 pm The older the doctor (medical specialists does not include surgeons, psychiatrists, pediatricians etc…) the higher the mortality rate of 65 and older patients discharged from the hosptial. This increased 30 day post discharge mortality trend starts after the age of 40 (for physicians). Most doctors finish training by age 30 or so give or take a couple of years. So we only have 10 good working years in inpatient medicine before we start deteriorating as a group. Docs seeing high volumes of patients were the exception. I wonder if demoralization, along with other issues, is a factor in this study which took place 2011 to 2014. Older docs don’t like the new system and didn’t train in it….oh well. One more reason to retire early. Reply ↓ robnume May 19, 2017 at 12:26 am 74 for me. On CalPERS: I am not surprised about so much pension money being invested in Monsanto;it is UCSD, my husbands alma mater, who has made that damned “superalgae.” God only knows when and where they’re gonna release this GMO crap into the oceans, but make no mistake, release it they will. Zeus, release the Kraken! Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Roger Bigod on Links 5/18/17T Harry Williams. Generations of LSU students took... Oregoncharles on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/18/2017Mao: "Political power comes out of the mouth... Oregoncharles on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/18/2017That would be very, very short. Let's hope... Oregoncharles on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/18/2017My mother had a bell - and 5... Oregoncharles on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/18/2017Or they buy used tires, staving off the... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,058) Banking industry (4,663) Brexit (55) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (574) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,634) Curiousities (273) Currencies (909) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,493) Dubious statistics (587) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,796) Energy markets (511) Environment (465) Europe (632) Federal Reserve (1,270) Free markets and their discontents (1,447) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (334) Globalization (1,111) Guest Post (6,621) Health care (397) Hedge funds (420) Income disparity (989) India (18) Infrastructure (82) Investment banks (746) Investment management (505) Investment outlook (856) Japan (204) Legal (1,914) Links (3,086) Macroeconomic policy (981) Market inefficiencies (233) Media appearances (74) Media watch (879) Middle East (150) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (293) OCC (12) Payment system (49) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,096) Private equity (521) Privatization (73) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,610) Ridiculously obvious scams (461) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (242) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,037) Social values (1,802) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (389) Technology and innovation (468) The destruction of the middle class (1,376) The dismal science (1,470) TPP (84) UK (121) Water Cooler (677) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Employers Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Employers Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen and Company Boosts Wingstop Inc (WING) Price Target to $36.00 Select Energy Services Inc (WTTR) Now Covered by Bank of America Corp Cowen and Company Boosts Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Price Target to $40.00 Bank of America Corp Boosts Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Price Target to $3.25 Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. Takes Position in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ledyard National Bank Raises Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Benin Management CORP Enercare Inc. (ECI) Downgraded by TD Securities TD Securities Boosts Dorel Industries Inc (DII.B) Price Target to C$37.00 TD Securities Trims Canacol Energy Ltd (CNE) Target Price to C$6.00 Cominar REIT (CUF.UN) PT Lowered to C$14.00 at CIBC Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp’s (CEU) Outperform Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Royal Bank of Canada Trims Cara Operations Ltd (CAO) Target Price to C$31.00 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Price Target to C$13.00 Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Employers Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:EIG) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Employers Holdings, Inc. is a specialty provider of workers compensation insurance focused on select small businesses engaged in low to medium hazard industries. It markets its products through independent local, regional, and national agents and brokers, as well as through its strategic partnerships and alliances and relationships with national, regional, and local trade groups and associations. Employers Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in Reno, Nevada. “ Shares of Employers Holdings (NYSE:EIG) opened at 39.65 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $39.00 and its 200-day moving average is $37.30. Employers Holdings has a 12-month low of $27.01 and a 12-month high of $41.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.09 and a beta of 1.01. Employers Holdings (NYSE:EIG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.06. Employers Holdings had a net margin of 12.53% and a return on equity of 10.40%. The company had revenue of $196.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $190.17 million. Equities research analysts forecast that Employers Holdings will post $2.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.51%. Employers Holdings’s dividend payout ratio is currently 12.16%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/employers-holdings-inc-eig-downgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Employers Holdings news, COO Stephen V. Festa sold 18,329 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.26, for a total transaction of $719,596.54. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 19,542 shares in the company, valued at $767,218.92. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 4.00% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in Employers Holdings by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,231,143 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $88,353,000 after buying an additional 156,203 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in Employers Holdings by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 712,870 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $28,233,000 after buying an additional 42,384 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Employers Holdings by 78.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,524 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,209,000 after buying an additional 17,841 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its stake in Employers Holdings by 8.8% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 38,569 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,527,000 after buying an additional 3,111 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in Employers Holdings by 138.0% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 562,027 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $16,766,000 after buying an additional 325,877 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.46% of the company’s stock. About Employers Holdings Employers Holdings, Inc is a holding company. Through its insurance subsidiaries, the Company provides workers’ compensation insurance coverage to select, small businesses in low to medium hazard industries. It provides workers’ compensation insurance under a statutory system wherein employers are required to provide coverage for their employees’ medical, disability, vocational rehabilitation, and/or death benefit costs for work-related injuries or illnesses. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Employers Holdings (EIG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Employers Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Employers Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Recent News Dynagas LNG Partners LP Announces Closing of $480 Million Term Loan B Ship owner expects soft tanker market to be the norm during 2017 Panamax Dry Bulk FFA in Oversold Territory Liberian Registry cements position as No 1 choice for Greek shipping Tankers: WAF VLCC freight rates soft due to weak China buying, slow Persian Gulf market Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Stock Market News / Stock News / Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised Asia falls as White House turmoil spoils risk sentiment, dollar bruised in Stock News 18/05/2017 Asian stocks fell on Thursday and the dollar was stuck near six-month lows against a basket of currencies as uncertainty mounted over U.S. President Donald Trump’s future following reports that he tried to interfere with a federal investigation. Spreadbetters expected European stocks to follow suit, forecasting a lower open for Britain’s FTSE, Germany’s DAX and France’s CAC. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dropped 0.5 percent. Japan’s Nikkei shed 1.4 percent, Australian shares lost 1.1 percent and South Korea’s KOSPI declined 0.4 percent. Shanghai and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng also fell. Equities in Asia took cues from Wall Street, where the Dow and S&P 500 both sank about 1.8 percent overnight following reports that Trump tried to influence a federal probe. The allegations have not only thrown doubt over the future of the pro-growth policies that Trump promised, but they have raised the possibility he could end up leaving the presidency. A small but growing number of Trump’s fellow Republicans called on Wednesday for an independent probe of possible collusion between his 2016 campaign and Russia, and one even mentioned impeachment. The region’s shares showed little reaction to news that former FBI chief Robert Mueller was appointed to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, although the S&P mini futures were a shade higher while the dollar bounced modestly against the safe-haven yen. The greenback was up 0.4 percent at 111.200 yen after hitting a three-week low of 110.530. It was still down a significant 2 percent on the week. “The appointment appears to be an attempt at tackling the problem early. While it is a bit of good news, further investigations are needed and it still remains to be seen what those could reveal. As such, the markets are still faced with uncertainty,” said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. In other political developments, trouble mounted for Brazilian President Michel Temer, who was recorded discussing payments to silence testimony by a potential witness in the country’s biggest-ever graft probe. An exchange-traded fund of Brazilian equities was down more about 8 percent in Tokyo, where it is traded. In currencies, the euro extended its overnight surge to touch $1.1174, its highest since November before pulling back slightly to $1.1142. “There are two implications from the latest developments in Washington, first being the possibility of congressional procedures reaching an impasse and second is the potential of Trump being forced out,” said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo. “But judging by how steeply the dollar has fallen, participants may have already priced in much of the negative news regarding Trump. The dollar could even benefit with the market thinking of post-Trump scenarios.” The dollar index against a basket of major currencies was flat at 97.604, not far from a six-month trough of 99.333 reached the previous day. The U.S. currency was hurt as Treasury yields declined significantly with allegations against Trump lowering economic stimulus hopes. The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield was at 2.239 percent after going as low as 2.209 percent overnight, its lowest since April 21. With Treasury yields falling, the gap between U.S. and German government debt yields reached its narrowest in more than six months on Wednesday, as a tumultuous week in Washington contrasted with a sense of improved political stability in Europe. [GVD/EUR] In commodities, oil prices dipped after settling at a two-week high overnight. An ongoing effort by OPEC to cut production has partially propped up oil but prices remain under pressure from still plentiful supplies. [O/R] Brent crude slipped 0.3 percent to $52.05 a barrel. Gold hovered near a two-week high thanks to the weaker dollar and the risk aversion gripping the broader markets. Spot gold hit $1,263.02 an ounce, its highest since May 1. Source: Reuters (By Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore) 2017-05-18 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Previous: ‘Trump Trade’ turns to trepidation as investors unwind Next: LNG Markets Analysis East Asian LNG price gains 4% on Korean buying, outages Related News Dynagas LNG Partners LP Announces Closing of $480 Million Term Loan B 19/05/2017 Ship owner expects soft tanker market to be the norm during 2017 19/05/2017 Panamax Dry Bulk FFA in Oversold Territory 19/05/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos Crowley’s Commitment Class Ships 19/05/2017 May 18 Energy Commentary: Bob Iaccino 18/05/2017 PACIFIC ISLANDER II – NYK BULK & PROJECTS CARRIERS ro-ro & container ship 18/05/2017 M/V SINOTRANS OSAKA コンテナ船 Container ship 大阪港 2017-APR 18/05/2017 Ship HARBOUR FOUNTAIN on Welland Canal 18/05/2017 Asia report: Will James Comey testify against Donald Trump? 18/05/2017 Stena Mersey Refit 18/05/2017 昭眞丸 ケミカルタンカー 昭和物流 M/V SHOSHIN MARU Chemical tanker 2017-MAR 18/05/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eagle Capital Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Has $28.694 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Charter Trust Co. Sells 7,072 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Sold by Highland Capital Management LLC Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by SOL Capital Management CO Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,840 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) is Searle & CO.’s 2nd Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stake Boosted by Forte Capital LLC ADV Highland Capital Management LLC Has $6.64 Million Position in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Storm Resources Ltd (SRX) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given “Buy” Rating at Clarus Securities CIBC Boosts Spin Master Corp (TOY) Price Target to C$44.00 Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Price Target to C$3.50 Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Amgen (AMGN) Egalet Corp (EGLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Gabelli Short Interest in First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Increases By 11.3% Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. increased its position in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 6,852 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9 shares during the period. PepsiCo accounts for approximately 0.2% of Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 14th largest position. Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc.’s holdings in PepsiCo were worth $766,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Chicago Equity Partners LLC raised its position in PepsiCo by 17.7% in the third quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 254,945 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,730,000 after buying an additional 38,325 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in PepsiCo by 3.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 262,641 shares of the company’s stock valued at $28,567,000 after buying an additional 7,641 shares during the period. Fulton Breakefield Broenniman LLC raised its position in PepsiCo by 0.4% in the third quarter. Fulton Breakefield Broenniman LLC now owns 104,331 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,348,000 after buying an additional 432 shares during the period. Bank of The West raised its position in PepsiCo by 56.6% in the third quarter. Bank of The West now owns 45,221 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,919,000 after buying an additional 16,353 shares during the period. Finally, BTC Capital Management Inc. raised its position in PepsiCo by 924.2% in the third quarter. BTC Capital Management Inc. now owns 23,157 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,524,000 after buying an additional 20,896 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 70.43% of the company’s stock. Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) opened at 113.74 on Thursday. PepsiCo, Inc. has a 12-month low of $98.50 and a 12-month high of $114.66. The company has a market capitalization of $162.48 billion, a PE ratio of 24.51 and a beta of 0.53. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $112.86 and a 200-day moving average of $107.53. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.94 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.91 by $0.03. PepsiCo had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 56.16%. The firm had revenue of $12.05 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.98 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.89 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.14 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a $0.805 dividend. This is a positive change from PepsiCo’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. This represents a $3.22 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.83%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio is currently 66.01%. WARNING: “Lenox Wealth Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/lenox-wealth-advisors-inc-boosts-stake-in-pepsico-inc-pep.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on PEP shares. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their target price on shares of PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Vetr downgraded shares of PepsiCo from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $106.67 target price on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of PepsiCo from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc raised shares of PepsiCo from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating and increased their target price for the company from $118.00 to $132.00 in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $120.35. In other PepsiCo news, CEO Ramon Laguarta sold 23,585 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.05, for a total value of $2,571,944.25. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 135,859 shares in the company, valued at $14,815,423.95. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total transaction of $466,251.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 112,519 shares in the company, valued at $12,320,830.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 44,343 shares of company stock worth $4,850,480 over the last quarter. 0.33% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About PepsiCo PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS May 19, 2017 | Last updated 8 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors23 Markets15 Automotives2 Banking3 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers1 Energy57 Retail3 Shipping Technology10 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors UAE Exchange targets up to $300m in acquisitions Gender pay gap largely due to motherhood BlackBerry working on anti-hack tool Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Emirates SkyCargo operates freighter Emirates to offer iftar meals in Ramadan Expansion of Al Maktoum airport delayed to 2018 Economy5 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property Trump Jr. comes to town Meraas picks up Dh110m for 2 Bvlgari Residences Damac’s Ziad El Chaar resigns as MD Money Dirhams and Dollars Visas Analysis3 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Euro stocks fall after US rout, dollar climbs The dollar rebounded while gold slipped as a rush to haven assets subsided Published: 10:51 May 18, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Volatility rippled across European and Asian equity markets after turmoil surrounding Donald Trump's administration sparked the worst day in eight months for U.S. stocks. The dollar rebounded while gold slipped as a rush to haven assets subsided. Stocks in Tokyo and Sydney paced declines after the S&P 500 Index plummeted by the most since September. Other assets showed more calm after Wednesday's sharp moves, even as a political crisis in Brazil added to the chaos in Washington. U.S. equity futures rose while the dollar benefited from weakness in the yen and emerging-market currencies. Treasury yields rose after dropping to a one-month low amid reduced bets for higher U.S. rates next month. "The market has come alive with the dynamic of volatility, which will no doubt be welcomed by many of the shorter-term traders out there,"  Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG Markets Ltd. in Melbourne wrote in note. "When so many global markets were at multi-year, if not all-time highs, you know there would be some pain being felt out on the floors today." A gauge of U.S. stock volatility surged the most since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union last June, as the turmoil surrounding Trump threatens to derail the policy agenda that helped push global equities to records as recently as Tuesday. Many of the trades sparked by the president's shock November election have reversed, with the dollar all but erasing its post-election rally. The administration is facing scrutiny about whether the president asked the former head of the FBI to drop an investigation, as well as questions about his handling of secret intelligence. The dollar saw some respite Thursday after former FBI Director Robert Mueller was appointed as special counsel to investigate Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election. Investors remain cautious as Brazil also plunged into crisis, following reports that President Michel Temer was involved in an alleged cover-up with the jailed former speaker of the lower house of Congress. The political wranglings come amid increasing concern about the pace of the global economy, after weaker-than-expected readings on U.S. inflation and GDP. Data on Thursday showed Japan's economy expanded at a faster pace than forecast in the latest quarter, while Australia's jobless rate unexpectedly dropped. "The important thing is what's going on with the economy,"  said Hideyuki Suzuki, a general manager at SBI Securities Co. in Tokyo. "It's not just the political anxiety, but this coming on top of some U.S. data that have shown soft numbers, lowering the odds of a rate hike."   More from Markets Trump storm strikes stocks again, dollar wobbly How much Trump bump is baked into stocks? Rupee plunges as risk off hits Indian markets VIX surge is unwelcome lesson in duplicity Eurozone bonds yields tumble Robust US data helps reverse dollar slide Oman to sell $2b of Islamic bonds Mideast market has most oversold stocks tags from this storyBrazil follow this tag on MGNJapan follow this tag on MGNGermany follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNRussia follow this tag on MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsBrazil follow this tag on MGN+ MGNJapan follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MarketsTrump storm strikes stocks again, dollar wobbly Business Gallery Doors open to a three-day super sale Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Speculative trading at peak in Arabtec rights 02Trump storm strikes stocks again, dollar wobbly 03Euro, Asian stocks fall after US rout Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-05-19 09:59:11 Most Popular on Gulf News Watch out: New UAE traffic fines soon Couple jailed for washroom hug and kiss Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 How to get residence visa for parents What Mohammad said to Donald Trump Dubai's 3-day Super Sale starts today Finally some good news for tenants in UAE Your guide 2017 UAE holidays Dubai has 16 ‘outstanding' schools Close Recommended For You Trump storm strikes stocks again, dollar wobblyPUBLISHED ON May 18, 2017 Rupee plunges as risk off hits Indian marketsPUBLISHED ON May 18, 2017 Malls in Dubai have wind in their sales againPUBLISHED ON May 18, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
