Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Anglo American plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Anglo American plc (AAL) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for KB Home (KBH) Weight Watchers International (WTW) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.35 American Midstream Partners (AMID) Getting Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Shows American Midstream Partners (AMID) Given News Sentiment Score of -0.29 City Holding Company (CHCO) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (AWH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.36 Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Study Finds Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.36 Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores SA (AVAL) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Digital Ally, Inc. (DGLY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research First Merchants Co. (FRME) Stake Held by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Shares Sold by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.35 Negative Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Conatus Pharmaceuticals (CNAT) Share Price Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Getting Negative Press Coverage, Study Finds Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Sold by Bath Savings Trust Co Bath Savings Trust Co Increases Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Insider Buying: Petrus Resources Ltd (PRQ) Director Acquires 7,900 Shares of Stock Anglo American plc (AAL) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Anglo American plc (LON: AAL) recently: 4/3/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 1,400 ($17.48) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 1,270 ($15.85) price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Citigroup Inc from GBX 1,450 ($18.10) to GBX 1,400 ($17.48). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 1,240 ($15.48) to GBX 1,220 ($15.23). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 1,310 ($16.35) to GBX 1,370 ($17.10). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 1,400 ($17.48) price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a GBX 1,250 ($15.60) price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 1,800 ($22.47) to GBX 1,850 ($23.09). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 1,450 ($18.10) price target on the stock. 3/15/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 1,600 ($19.97) to GBX 1,500 ($18.72). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/14/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 1,530 ($19.10) price target on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. 3/7/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,470 ($18.35) to GBX 1,530 ($19.10). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 1,400 ($17.48) price target on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a GBX 1,250 ($15.60) price target on the stock. 3/1/2017 – Anglo American plc is now covered by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They set a “buy” rating and a GBX 1,500 ($18.72) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 1,750 ($21.84) to GBX 1,800 ($22.47). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 1,200 ($14.98) to GBX 1,400 ($17.48). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 1,470 ($18.35) price target on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 1,470 ($18.35) to GBX 1,500 ($18.72). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/21/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 750 ($9.36) price target on the stock. 2/20/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 1,150 ($14.36) to GBX 1,185 ($14.79). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/15/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 1,470 ($18.35) price target on the stock. 2/14/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBX 1,650 ($20.60) price target on the stock. 2/10/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Haitong Bank from GBX 1,240 ($15.48) to GBX 1,400 ($17.48). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,370 ($17.10) to GBX 1,470 ($18.35). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 2/6/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 1,400 ($17.48) price target on the stock. 2/6/2017 – Anglo American plc had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 1,200 ($14.98) to GBX 1,430 ($17.85). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/2/2017 – Anglo American plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 1,370 ($17.10) price target on the stock. Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) traded down 0.86% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching GBX 1209.00. 7,269,849 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 15.40 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,266.79 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,178.97. Anglo American plc has a 12-month low of GBX 502.30 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,529.01. In other Anglo American plc news, insider Tony O’Neill sold 3,983 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,156 ($14.43), for a total value of £46,043.48 ($57,475.32). Also, insider Philip R. Hampton purchased 727 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 1,264 ($15.78) per share, with a total value of £9,189.28 ($11,470.83). Anglo American plc focuses its business on its portfolio of diamonds, platinum group metals and copper. The Company’s segments include Platinum; De Beers; Copper; Nickel; Niobium and Phosphates; Iron ore and Manganese; Coal; Corporate, and others. It produces platinum group metals (PGMs), which provides approximately 40% of mined platinum and its operations are located in the Bushveld Complex in South Africa. Receive News & Ratings for Anglo American plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Overweight Rating for Metlife Inc (MET) National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Receives $50.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Vinci SA (DG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Receives $62.20 Average Price Target from Brokerages Christie Group plc (CTG) Announces Dividend Increase – GBX 1.50 Per Share PerkinElmer (PKI) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider James A. Pattison Purchases 75,000 Shares Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) CFO Brian Jenkins Sells 22,500 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 36,320 Shares China Biologic Products (CBPO) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows National-Oilwell Varco (NOV) Earning Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Set Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target at $126.25 Informa Plc (INF) Receives GBX 769.87 Average Price Target from Analysts Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) Major Shareholder Capital Royalty L.P. Acquires 4,000,000 Shares FMC Corp’s (FMC) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Instinet Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Major Shareholder Lilly Endowment Inc Sells 210,000 Shares of Stock Nutanix Inc (NTNX) EVP David Sangster Sells 300,000 Shares Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Give Endeavour Silver Corp (EDR) a C$5.50 Price Target Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for RDS-A (RDS-A) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Overweight Rating for Metlife Inc (MET) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reissued by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Monday. They presently have a $54.00 target price on the stock, down from their prior target price of $57.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 2.23% from the company’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Metlife in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. Vetr downgraded shares of Metlife from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.49 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Standpoint Research cut Metlife from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $61.00 price target on shares of Metlife in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on Metlife in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $51.00 price target for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Metlife currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $54.76. Metlife (NYSE:MET) traded down 0.842% on Monday, reaching $52.375. 3,226,387 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $53.12 and a 200 day moving average of $51.30. Metlife has a 12 month low of $36.17 and a 12 month high of $58.09. The stock has a market capitalization of $56.95 billion, a PE ratio of 83.135 and a beta of 1.65. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.34 by $0.06. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The firm earned $12.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $17.34 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.23 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 29.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Metlife will post $5.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, March 13th. Investors of record on Monday, February 6th were issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 2nd. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. Metlife’s dividend payout ratio is 262.30%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-overweight-rating-for-metlife-inc-met.html. In other news, Director James M. Kilts acquired 2,795 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $54.17 per share, with a total value of $151,405.15. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 41,951 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,272,485.67. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director James M. Kilts acquired 17,205 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $51.13 per share, with a total value of $879,691.65. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,039,320.59. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in MET. A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 1.9% in the third quarter. A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 43,237 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,921,000 after buying an additional 810 shares in the last quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 152.2% in the third quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management now owns 6,960 shares of the company’s stock valued at $309,000 after buying an additional 4,200 shares in the last quarter. CIBC Asset Management Inc boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 5.7% in the third quarter. CIBC Asset Management Inc now owns 144,307 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,412,000 after buying an additional 7,846 shares in the last quarter. M. Kraus & Co boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 42.0% in the third quarter. M. Kraus & Co now owns 85,657 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,806,000 after buying an additional 25,345 shares in the last quarter. Finally, DAVENPORT & Co LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Metlife during the third quarter valued at $436,000. 74.92% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Metlife Company Profile MetLife, Inc (MetLife) is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include Retail; Group, Voluntary & Worksite Benefits; Corporate Benefit Funding; Latin America (collectively, the Americas); Asia, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Principal Financial Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Principal Financial Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Earns Underweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Angie's List Inc (ANGI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Overweight Rating for Metlife Inc (MET) National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Receives $50.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Vinci SA (DG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Receives $62.20 Average Price Target from Brokerages Christie Group plc (CTG) Announces Dividend Increase – GBX 1.50 Per Share PerkinElmer (PKI) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider James A. Pattison Purchases 75,000 Shares Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) CFO Brian Jenkins Sells 22,500 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 36,320 Shares China Biologic Products (CBPO) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows National-Oilwell Varco (NOV) Earning Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Set Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target at $126.25 Informa Plc (INF) Receives GBX 769.87 Average Price Target from Analysts Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) Major Shareholder Capital Royalty L.P. Acquires 4,000,000 Shares FMC Corp’s (FMC) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Instinet Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Major Shareholder Lilly Endowment Inc Sells 210,000 Shares of Stock Nutanix Inc (NTNX) EVP David Sangster Sells 300,000 Shares Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Earns Underweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Principal Financial Group Inc (NYSE:PFG)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating reissued by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Monday. They presently have a $56.00 target price on the stock, up from their previous target price of $53.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would suggest a potential downside of 11.27% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Principal Financial Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $64.00 price objective on shares of Principal Financial Group in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $64.00 price objective on shares of Principal Financial Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on Principal Financial Group from $54.00 to $58.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $59.00 price objective on shares of Principal Financial Group in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $57.18. Principal Financial Group (NYSE:PFG) traded down 0.36% on Monday, hitting $62.88. The company had a trading volume of 595,936 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $18.08 billion, a PE ratio of 13.97 and a beta of 1.64. Principal Financial Group has a one year low of $38.03 and a one year high of $64.65. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $62.36 and a 200-day moving average of $57.10. Principal Financial Group (NYSE:PFG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $1.27 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.15 by $0.12. Principal Financial Group had a return on equity of 12.73% and a net margin of 10.55%. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.02 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Principal Financial Group will post $4.88 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a $0.45 dividend. This represents a $1.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.85%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. This is a positive change from Principal Financial Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.43. Principal Financial Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 38.22%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Earns Underweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/principal-financial-group-inc-pfg-earns-underweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, EVP Gary P. Scholten sold 20,900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.10, for a total value of $1,318,790.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider James P. Mccaughan sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.18, for a total value of $315,900.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 47,075 shares of company stock worth $2,965,750 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 1.78% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of PFG. Pensionfund DSM Netherlands bought a new position in Principal Financial Group during the first quarter worth $3,294,000. Pensionfund Sabic bought a new position in Principal Financial Group during the first quarter worth $1,660,000. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in Principal Financial Group by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 9,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $555,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Principal Financial Group during the fourth quarter worth $914,000. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in Principal Financial Group during the fourth quarter worth $501,000. Institutional investors own 68.59% of the company’s stock. Principal Financial Group Company Profile Principal Financial Group, Inc is an investment management company. The Company offers a range of financial products and services, including retirement, asset management and insurance. Its segments include Retirement and Income Solutions; Principal Global Investors, Principal International; U.S. Insurance Solutions, and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Principal Financial Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Principal Financial Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Trump Plans Have Deal Makers Dreaming Big ($100-Billion-Cash-Takeover Big) The New York Times By MICHAEL J. de la MERCED 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Stocks close lower amid mixed economic reports Congress seen unlikely to pass tax overhaul quickly © Volker Hartmann/Getty Images Bayer’s German headquarters. The company’s $66 billion offer for Monsanto last year is the record for an all-cash takeover bid. NEW ORLEANS — It wasn’t just cocktails on Bourbon Street or lucky breaks at the blackjack tables that contributed to the buoyant mood of the deal makers who gathered here last week. President Trump — and his support for lower taxes and lighter regulations — also had something to do with it. Quotes in the article Bank of New York Mellon Corp BK ▼ 47.13 -0.10 -0.21% Thomson Reuters Corp TRI ▼ 43.12 -0.11 -0.25% Bayer AG BAYRY ▲ 115.47 +0.15 +0.13% Monsanto Co MON ▲ 113.93 +0.73 +0.64% AdChoices At a gathering of the nation’s top mergers and acquisitions lawyers and bankers, the consensus was that under the Trump presidency, deal making should boom. Lower taxes and less regulation, the thinking goes, should contribute to strong stock prices. And when the markets are up, companies are more likely to strike big deals. Finally, the pro-business Trump administration, most deal makers believe, is likely to take a forgiving view when it comes to antitrust matters. Taken together, it was enough to lift the spirits of the lawyers, bankers and other advisers who attended Tulane University’s mergers conference last week. Officially known as the Corporate Law Institute, the event is the year’s pre-eminent gathering of mergers advisers, a Davos for the deal maker set. For decades, top bankers and lawyers from Goldman Sachs; Cravath, Swaine & Moore; and other firms have come to the conference, in good times and in bad. Lawyers who attend earn legal credits (several lawyers said they eagerly awaited a panel discussion on the arcane matter known as shareholder appraisal rights, a topic that makes nonlawyers’ eyes roll). But the real purpose of the event is to network, whether over butter-laden gulf fish at Galatoire’s or sherried turtle soup at Commander’s Palace or at the high-roller poker tables at Harrah’s. Sign up for the Morning Briefing newsletter This year’s gathering had more than 600 attendees, setting a record. And the general agreement throughout the crowd attending presentations at the stately Roosevelt Hotel was that the prospects for business were as good as ever. The sentiment was best captured when a senior banker from JPMorgan Chase made the bold claim that, under current market conditions, a company could strike a $100 billion takeover, paid entirely in cash. Many deal makers had hoped this year would bring more business after a relatively slow 2016. A survey of 120 advisers by the Brunswick Group, a financial public relations firm, found that 44 percent of respondents believed that more mergers would be struck this year than last. Mergers data for the first three months of the year appeared to at least partly support that. Some 10,229 transactions, worth $771.3 billion, were announced in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. The dollar value was up 11 percent from the same time a year ago, although the number of deals was down about 11 percent. Yet doubts were already emerging about whether Mr. Trump will really usher in a boom time for mergers, with the failure of the Republican health care overhaul and the president’s unpredictability threatening to dampen spirits. The $100 Billion Deal The tone for much of the conference was set as Kurt Simon, global chairman for mergers and acquisitions at JPMorgan, made his bold prediction that an enterprising corporate giant today could assemble an all-cash takeover bid of $100 billion. It was an audacious claim — the record for an all-cash offer is Bayer’s $66 billion bid for Monsanto last year — but it illustrated how favorable the markets are for deal making. Mr. Simon argued that the right company could borrow enough debt at low interest rates to cover the cash. Investors have largely supported corporate takeovers, pushing up the stocks of purchasers. And the Trump administration, which recently named a health care lobbyist as its choice for the Justice Department’s top merger reviewer, seems unlikely to block many deals. Some attendees quietly joked that JPMorgan was simply angling for big lending fees. But none disputed the data underlying Mr. Simon’s claim. Interest rates remain low despite two raises by the Federal Reserve. Stock markets have been largely calm, devoid of whipsawing that would give buyers or sellers pause. “The U.S. economy is in really good shape,” Mr. Simon said. A Nod to Shareholder Activism For years, many of the panelists at Tulane argued vigorously that activist hedge funds trying to shake up companies were short-term investors and did not have the best interests of other shareholders at heart. Now, even the staunchest critics of these activist shareholders concede that the practice is here to stay. This conference was perhaps the first one in which an activist sat on stage with the chief executive of a company his firm had targeted. And each man sang the other’s praises. Gerald L. Hassell, the chief executive of Bank of New York Mellon, spoke on a panel with Edward Garden, the chief investment officer of Trian Partners, an activist hedge fund that had targeted Bank of New York Mellon. The men discussed how they had cooperated in improving the bank’s financial performance, recounting dinners spent discussing strategy and joint efforts to provide financial benchmarks. “I just want great outcomes,” Mr. Hassell said when asked who deserved praise for the bank’s turnaround. “It’s not an issue of who gets credit.” And during another panel on activism, the entire group — advisers both to activists and to the companies those investors target — treated the practice as a permanent fixture on the corporate landscape. Even Joele Frank, a financial publicist who has long advocated waging war on activists, has mellowed out on the topic. “The biggest change I’ve seen in my practice is there is positive dialogue between the activist and the company for a settlement,” she told the group. The Wisdom of Leo Strine For lawyers in particular, one major draw of the conference is the chance to mingle with judges from Delaware, the corporate home for the vast majority of American companies. And in particular, that means hearing from the most quotable of them all: Leo E. Strine Jr., the chief justice of Delaware’s Supreme Court. Mr. Strine is widely regarded as one of the sharpest minds on the Delaware bench, and almost certainly its sharpest wit. At the Roosevelt, he displayed the offbeat humor that laces his judicial opinions. He described one legally dubious situation as having a smell that was “not Bourbon Street when you’re having fun, but Bourbon Street the next morning.” Seeds of Doubt Not all was sunshine at the Tulane conference, whether with the mercurial New Orleans weather or with the outlook on transactions. Panelists pointed to the rise of economic nationalism as a potential dampener on mergers. Both the Brunswick survey and Mr. Simon, of JPMorgan, cited a likely drop in offers for American companies by Chinese and Russian bidders. Then there was the prospect that the Republicans’ failure to pass a replacement for Obama-era health care regulations made a sweeping tax law overhaul less likely. Some deal makers feared that the issues on which they most want to see reform — corporate tax rates and the taxation of sales made abroad and then brought back to the United States — could end up felled by political gridlock. “Post-heath care, we have to consider a number of scenarios, one of which is that nothing happens,” said Eileen T. Nugent of the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. And finally, there is Mr. Trump himself, and his brand of economic populism. Merger proposals that would lead to big job cuts would be unlikely to go anywhere, George R. Bason Jr. of the law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell said, calling such layoffs “a tragedy for a lot of people.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The New York Times Republican Health Proposal Would Undermine Coverage for Pre-existing Conditions The New York Times White House Pitches New Health Bill Plan to Freedom Caucus The New York Times What’s on TV Tuesday: ‘Prison Break’ and ‘Louis C.K.: 2017’ The New York Times The New York Times View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SAGE Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beigene Ltd (BGNE) PT Set at $52.00 by Maxim Group SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Given a $83.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) Given a $56.00 Price Target at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Rating Reiterated by William Blair OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) PT Set at $5.00 by Maxim Group Douglas Murray Stuve Purchases 6,000 Shares of Pivot Technology Solutions Inc (PTG) Stock Timkensteel Corp (TMST) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Select Income REIT (SIR) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.69 Matrix Service (MTRX) Receives News Impact Score of 0.69 Very Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Exactech (EXAC) Share Price Very Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Union Bankshares Corp (UBSH) Stock Price United States Cellular Corp (USM) Given $39.25 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) Given $5.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Analysts Set Atkore International Group Inc (ATKR) Target Price at $23.29 Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Marathon Patent Group Inc (MARA) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Given Outperform Rating at Wedbush Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Given a $83.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet SAGE Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SAGE) has been assigned a $83.00 price objective by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 16.79% from the company’s previous close. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Cowen and Company reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $95.00 target price on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a research note on Monday, February 13th. BMO Capital Markets set a $68.00 target price on SAGE Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Canaccord Genuity set a $110.00 target price on SAGE Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Chardan Capital upgraded SAGE Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $60.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, HC Wainwright lowered SAGE Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $56.00 to $76.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $78.09. Shares of SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) traded up 2.01% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $72.50. 304,610 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $2.70 billion. SAGE Therapeutics has a 12 month low of $26.55 and a 12 month high of $73.17. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $62.05 and its 200 day moving average is $51.11. SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.50) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.17) by $0.33. Analysts expect that SAGE Therapeutics will post ($6.82) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/sage-therapeutics-inc-sage-given-a-83-00-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. In other news, CFO Kimi Iguchi sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.92, for a total transaction of $539,200.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 5.60% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in SAGE. Fernwood Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $241,000. SG Americas Securities LLC purchased a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $246,000. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics by 2,336.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 5,702 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 5,468 shares in the last quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $338,000. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. bought a new position in SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at about $386,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.92% of the company’s stock. SAGE Therapeutics Company Profile SAGE Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing medicines to treat central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Its lead product candidate, SAGE-547 is an intravenous formulation of allopregnanolone, a neurosteroid that acts as a synaptic and extrasynaptic modulator of the GABAA receptor. Receive News & Ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Creating a globally fluent region in Columbus, Ohio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Politics & Government Education U.S. Foreign Policy The Avenue Creating a globally fluent region in Columbus, Ohio Brad McDearman and Ryan Donahue Monday, April 3, 2017 The Avenue Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Editor's Note: Brookings worked with Columbus to develop its exports and foreign direct investment strategy through the Global Cities Initiative: A Joint Project of Brookings and JPMorgan Chase. The Columbus Council on Global Affairs received grants from JPMorgan Chase to support the Global Fluency Institute.  Brookings was not involved in any aspect of conceiving, developing, reviewing, or approving a grant application, and the grant was not a consideration in assessing the relevance of this program. The ways metro areas are tied to and dependent on the global economy can be subtle, and often ‘hidden’ from those living and working in them.  While major new foreign investment projects or the downsizing of a large local firm can grab headlines, the economies and cultures of mid-tier U.S. metro areas have become quietly more global through less visible means, such as middle market firms, mergers and acquisitions, exports, immigration, and foreign students.  This lack of community awareness—or what Brookings has termed global fluency – can limit the ability of metro areas to identify and capitalize on new economic opportunities, successfully integrate newcomers, and ensure the population is prepared to adapt to rapidly changing economic realities. Authors Brad McDearman Nonresident Senior Fellow - Metropolitan Policy Program R Ryan Donahue Project Analyst Led by the Columbus Council on World Affairs (CCWA), Columbus, Ohio is addressing this disconnect with a model new program to educate and train its community to be more globally fluent.  The CCWA’s programs are unique in that they are designed to better ensure long-term economic vitality and quality of life in the Columbus region by increasing the global fluency of its existing residents, not just support executives that conduct business internationally or help new foreign executives make the adjustment to living in the region. The effort started with better telling the region’s story through a revamping of the organization’s annual global report.  The new report highlights compelling stories about the region’s competitiveness and clarifies its global position through data comparisons in an effort to drive home the importance of global and cultural awareness to the region’s future economic growth and health.  This is significant because in our work across the country we find that economic development organizations often overlook the importance of starting and maintaining a new initiative with research that builds and sustains awareness of the topic and its importance.  So this represents not just a redesign of the previous global report, but recognition of the need to justify and more intentionally tell the story from the outset to move forward with a new vision. In 2015, CCWA launched the Global Fluency Institute (GFI) to train local leaders and employees to be more culturally competent and globally fluent, allowing them to successfully interact with diverse populations and navigate foreign cultures. Training involves half-day and full-day sessions focused on intercultural competence in business environments and in-depth cultural awareness, which can be targeted to specific countries and cultures.  As economic development leaders at Columbus 2020 and the Mid-Ohio Development Exchange prepared to implement the region’s newly-released export and FDI plan, they became the first groups to participate in the training, which was focused on the plan’s priority markets: China, Japan, and Germany. Related Content Cities & Regions FDI planning guide: A blueprint for metro teams pursuing global economic engagement Brad McDearman and Ryan Donahue Wednesday, June 8, 2016 Cities & Regions The 10 lessons from global trade and investment planning in U.S. metro areas Brad McDearman and Ryan Donahue Wednesday, May 27, 2015 Cities & Regions The 10 Traits of Globally Fluent Metro Areas Joseph Parilla, Greg Clark, and Brad McDearman Tuesday, October 29, 2013 The program has since evolved, based on demand, to also help organizations engage with locally-based international communities.  In addition to training Abbott Nutrition to more successfully engage in foreign markets, GFI helped the Columbus Foundation respond to an increasingly diverse local population, Reynoldsburg Schools better engage immigrants and refugees, and the City of Dublin prepare city leaders and staff (e.g., parks, police, city manager) to interact with growing ethnic communities.  GFI has also sponsored “public” sessions to train individual professionals from a variety of local employers and corporations. GFI operates under a social enterprise model, using all profits from the training to support the growth of its student-focused Global Scholars Diploma (GSD), a program designed to expose students –the next generation of talent in Columbus—to global fluency concepts.  This diversified revenue portfolio better ensures that the training is self-sustaining and that CCWA can live up to its commitment of “global education for all,” regardless of a school or student’s economic means.  The GSD began with 40 students during the 2013-14 school year (before the GFI was formed), has expanded to include over 600 students in 2016-17, and is projected to reach 8,000 students in 2020-21. In March 2017, the GFI launched an Educator Module focused on helping teachers and staff at K-12 schools understand, communicate with, and educate their increasingly diverse classrooms. Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email “We’ve been surprised by the enormous demand, especially from locally-focused organizations that are seeking to more effectively engage the global communities living and working within our own region,” says CCWA’s president and CEO Patrick Terrien. Related Topics Cities & Regions More on Cities & Regions Africa in focus Figures of the week: Natural resources-driven urbanization and urban primacy in Africa Mariama Sow Friday, March 31, 2017 The Avenue How US states rely on the NAFTA supply chain Joseph Parilla Thursday, March 30, 2017 Play Video Unpacked Investing in Infrastructure Adie Tomer Thursday, March 30, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Politics & Government Education U.S. Foreign Policy Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Get More For Your Money™ Get More For Your Travel CREDIT CARDS TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD ADMIN US SG ROUND THE WORLD FOR FREE WE GOT US$54,000 WORTH OF AIR TICKETS NEARLY FREE We are Pedro Pla and Grace Cheng, frequent flyers, travel hackers, credit card geeks and husband-and-wife co-founders of GET.com. We got 4 Round-the-World (RTW) air tickets on Business Class to 5 continents worth US$54,000 for FREE (well almost, we only had to pay taxes and fees). We'll use these free tickets to travel to Africa, Europe, South America, North America and Asia for 6 months with our two toddlers, starting January 2017. Read How We Did It» South African Airways A340 Business Class Review (2017): Johannesburg to Cape Town (SA 323) Singapore Airlines A350-900 Business Class Review (2017): SIN-JNB, #SingaporeAirA350 Singapore Airlines Business Class Lounge Review (2017): SilverKris Lounge at Changi Airport How To Get Free Business Class Flights Worth $54,000 What We Did With One Million Air Miles Earned From Credit Card RewardsMore trip reports» CREDIT CARDS OUR PICKS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards Bonus Offer Credit Cards Credit Card Roundups REWARDS Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards LOW INTEREST Balance Transfer Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards TRAVEL Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards SMALL BUSINESS Business Credit Cards LIFESTYLE Student Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Supermarket Credit Cards Credit Card Blog TRAVEL GET.COM'S TRAVEL GUIDES More Travel Guides» FREQUENT FLYER NEWS Delta Jacks Up Standby And Flight Change Fees By 50% Enjoy 500 Free Miles When You Open A Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Account Join JetBlue's TrueBlue And Earn 5,000 Points When You Fly By April 16 Use MileagePlus X App To Get 3X Bonus Miles When Shopping The Shortcut To United MileagePlus Elite Status Most People Don't Know About Is United MileagePlus® Explorer Card A Smart Option For You? 7 Ways To Save Your Sacagaweas While Traveling Ecuador Is The American Airlines Upgrade Bug Fixed Yet? Delta Now Offers Improved Diamond Medallion Choice Benefits More Travel News» BEST TRAVEL TIPS & HACKS How To Buy Cheap Airline Tickets - A Guide By GET.com How To Avoid High Air Travel Fees - A Guide By GET.com How To Find Cheap Hotels For Your Holiday - A Guide By GET.com Best Credit Cards That Give You Up To $250 Of Air Travel Credit (2017) How To Transfer Your Miles To Family Members For Free Flights Airport Lounge Clubs - 5 Ways To Save On Passes Best Credit Cards That Maximize The Value Of Your Miles For Travel (2017) Best Credit Cards That Come With Free Travel Insurance (2017) Air Travel Rights - A Guide By GET.com Travel Credit Cards - What Are Your Air Miles Really Worth? (2017) Cheap Travel - 4 Saving Tips For Backpackers (And Other Budget Travelers) Cheap Travel - Can You Still See The World On $100 A Day? Get More Hotel Deals Out Of Your American Express Card 10 Ways To Find Cheaper Holiday Stays Hilton Reward Stays - Top 4 Credit Cards BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS Business Charge Cards Business Rewards Cards Business Travel Cards Business Airlines Cards Low Interest Business Cards No Annual Fee Business Cards American Express Business Cards Visa Business Cards BLOG Chase Freedom 5% Cash Back Categories: Say Hello To Spring 2017 The New Platinum Card® from American Express Promises Style and Substance Iberia Offering 25% Off Awards Across All Classes On All Routes WOW Air To Offer Flights Between Chicago And Reykjavik Starting In July 6 Airports With The Best Restaurants Your Tummy Will Thank You For 4 Airlines With The Best Beer Selections Two U.S. Airlines To Discontinue Service To Cuba 3 Best Tips To Get More From The Chase Ultimate Rewards Program GET.comCredit CardsChase Freedom 5% Cash Back Categories: Say Hello To Spring 2017 Advertiser Disclosure Credit Cards From Partners Chase Freedom 5% Cash Back Categories: Say Hello To Spring 2017 The new Chase Freedom® 5% cash back categories are here right on time for spring. All through the April-June quarter of 2017, you can swipe your Chase Freedom® to earn 5% cash back from Chase on up to $1,500 in combined purchases at Grocery Stores (not including Walmart and Target purchases) and Drugstores. If you use this card to pay at Grocery Stores or Drugstores this quarter, you will earn 5% cash back on your purchases. So whether you're shopping for ingredients at the grocery store or snacks at the drugstore, you can enjoy cash back wherever you go in the Chase Freedom® spring categories. One important thing to note - you are not automatically enrolled in the program. But there is no reason why you should miss out on earning bonus cash back since you can sign up easily. To qualify for the bonus, you need to activate your Chase Freedom® bonus category between now and June 14. After doing so, you will enjoy 5% cash back on almost all drugstore and grocery store purchases made between April 1 and June 30, 2017. Chase Freedom® Chase Freedom® Our Rating: Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.85/5 User Rating: 3.00/5Rate This Card Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Why we like it Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases - it's automatic 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, then a variable APR of 15.49-24.24%. Balance transfer fee is 5% of the amount transferred, $5 minimum Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Intro APR 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers Regular APR 15.49% - 24.24% Variable Annual Fee $0 Credit Required Good, Excellent APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Why we like it Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate. Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months. Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. We least like 5% cash back on combined purchases in bonus categories capped at $1,500 per quarter. Has foreign transaction fees. Intro APR 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers Regular APR 15.49% - 24.24% Variable Annual Fee $0 Credit Required Good, Excellent Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases - it's automatic 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, then a variable APR of 15.49-24.24%. Balance transfer fee is 5% of the amount transferred, $5 minimum Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open No annual fee Related Links Read our review of Chase Freedom® or view more details of Chase Freedom®. See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Chase Freedom® not only lets you earn 5% cash back in rotating quarterly categories (on up to $1,500 in combined purchases) every quarter when you activate, but you also get to earn 1% cash back on all the other purchases you make, and it's automatic. This offer is great seeing as the 1% applies to everything you purchase with this card, and there is no maximum limit on the cash back you can earn. Of course, this is not applicable to balance transfers, cash advances, checks, travelers checks or money orders. Receive a generous $150 Bonus after signing up for your new card and spending $500 on purchases within the first 3 months of account opening. You can also earn a $25 Bonus after you add your first authorized user and make a purchase within this same 3-month period. Chase Freedom® has no annual fee. Enjoy a long 0% intro APR for 15 months for purchases and balance transfers and a 15.49% - 24.24% variable APR. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure site Emma Fox updated Apr 03, 2017 Tweet Emma Fox is a staff writer at GET.com. Email: emma.fox@get.comEditorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. How We Rate Credit Cards How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features. Credit Cards From Partners * Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Chase Freedom® Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Express Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card Barclaycard CashForward™ World MasterCard® Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Citi Prestige® Card Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card from American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card from American Express BankAmericard® Credit Card Capital One® VentureOne® Rewards Credit Card Chase Slate® Capital One® Secured MasterCard® Top 10 Credit Cards Best Credit Cards 2017 Compare Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Credit Card Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards American Express Cards Bank of America Cards Barclaycard Credit Cards Capital One Cards CitiCards Chase Credit Cards Discover Card US Bank Credit Cards Visa Cards Canadian Credit Cards Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit No Credit At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity on our content & provide transparent & unbiased information. Companies don't pay us to include their products although we receive a compensation when you successfully apply to products from our partners. See how we make money here.At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity. Comments At GET.com it's all about your saving and getting experience. There's nothing more helpful for all of us Getters than a true life experience, a tip or a trick relating to a reviewed product. Read more about comments. More Good Reading Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa Credit Card Review (2017) Capital One® Quicksilver® Cash Rewards Credit Card - Unlimited 1.5% Cash Back On Every Purchase Best Travel Credit Cards To Get In 2017 10 Best Credit Cards In 2017 Sign up to our newsletter Hi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000 using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers. COMPARE CARDS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards GET.com About Us Press Contact GET CONNECTED *Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the offers that appear on this site are from companies from which GET.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). While we try to offer a comprehensive list of offers, GET.com does not include all companies or all offers. Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. GET.com is a US registered trademark. All other trademarks found on GET.com belong to their respective owners. The presence of a third-party trademark on GET.com does not in any way imply an affiliation with that trademark's owner. Copyright 2017 GET.com - Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - How GET.com Is Financed WANT TO GET discounts & deals from all banks in one app? Yes Get dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discounts No I prefer to pay full price× How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J M Smucker Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J M Smucker Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nestle SA (NSRGY) Stake Decreased by Beacon Financial Group Toth Financial Advisory Corp Has $1,440,000 Position in J M Smucker Co (SJM) Toth Financial Advisory Corp Has $1,799,000 Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Beacon Financial Group Has $7,978,000 Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on PDC Energy Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (PDCE) Toth Financial Advisory Corp Decreases Position in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Northern 2 VCT plc (NTV) Insider Buys £5,980.59 in Stock Pensionfund Sabic Has $1,778,000 Stake in Equifax Inc. (EFX) Negative News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Stock Price American Midstream Partners (AMID) Receiving Negative Press Coverage, Study Shows Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earns Media Impact Score of -0.36 Insider Buying: Van Elle Holdings PLC (VANL) Insider Buys 47,920 Shares of Stock George Henry Rolls Acquires 75,000 Shares of EG Solutions plc (EGS) Stock KeyCorp Weighs in on WestRock Co’s FY2018 Earnings (WRK) Vistagen Therapeutics Inc (VTGN) Now Covered by Analysts at Maxim Group Jefferies Group LLC Raises Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Price Target to $80.00 Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Downgraded by Hovde Group to Market Perform Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Tudor Pickering Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Pensionfund Sabic Purchases Shares of 30,400 Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Toth Financial Advisory Corp Has $1,440,000 Position in J M Smucker Co (SJM) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Toth Financial Advisory Corp lowered its stake in shares of J M Smucker Co (NYSE:SJM) by 2.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 10,987 shares of the company’s stock after selling 314 shares during the period. Toth Financial Advisory Corp’s holdings in J M Smucker were worth $1,440,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SJM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in J M Smucker by 30.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 494,719 shares of the company’s stock valued at $67,054,000 after buying an additional 114,384 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd boosted its position in J M Smucker by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 157,604 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,362,000 after buying an additional 1,709 shares during the last quarter. Ownership Capital B.V. boosted its position in J M Smucker by 17.7% in the third quarter. Ownership Capital B.V. now owns 428,795 shares of the company’s stock valued at $58,119,000 after buying an additional 64,408 shares during the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in J M Smucker by 2.8% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,545,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $209,417,000 after buying an additional 42,336 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted its position in J M Smucker by 33.1% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 635,034 shares of the company’s stock valued at $86,074,000 after buying an additional 157,881 shares during the last quarter. 75.27% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of J M Smucker Co (NYSE:SJM) traded up 0.18% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $131.31. 183,720 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $138.63 and its 200-day moving average price is $133.34. The company has a market capitalization of $15.29 billion, a PE ratio of 22.86 and a beta of 0.54. J M Smucker Co has a one year low of $122.05 and a one year high of $157.31. J M Smucker (NYSE:SJM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $2.00 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.00. J M Smucker had a net margin of 9.63% and a return on equity of 12.41%. The business had revenue of $1.88 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.92 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.62 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 4.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that J M Smucker Co will post $7.65 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/toth-financial-advisory-corp-has-1440000-position-in-j-m-smucker-co-sjm.html. SJM has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of J M Smucker from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Sanford C. Bernstein cut shares of J M Smucker from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and decreased their price objective for the company from $147.00 to $130.00 in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of J M Smucker in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $130.00 price objective for the company. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $130.00 price objective (up from $125.00) on shares of J M Smucker in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of J M Smucker in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. They set a “hold” rating and a $145.00 price objective for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. J M Smucker currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $140.00. In other news, Director Jay L. Henderson purchased 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $139.87 per share, for a total transaction of $419,610.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 3,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $419,610. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 3.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. J M Smucker Company Profile The J. M. Smucker Company is a manufacturer and marketer of branded food and beverage products and pet food and pet snacks in North America. The Company’s segments include U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Consumer Foods, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and International and Foodservice. The Company’s U.S. retail market segments consist of the sale of branded food products to consumers through retail outlets in North America. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SJM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for J M Smucker Co (NYSE:SJM). Receive News & Ratings for J M Smucker Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J M Smucker Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance National Grid plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Grid plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) PT Lowered to $13.00 National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,100 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Global Payments Inc (GPN) Rating Increased to Overweight at Barclays PLC TD Securities Lowers Royal Bank of Canada (RY) to Hold Mandom Corp (MDOMF) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Exterran Corp (EXTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.22 Negative News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Share Price DA Davidson Increases Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Price Target to $10.00 Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.35 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for General Electric Company (GE) ATCO Ltd. (ACO.X) Stock Rating Lowered by BMO Capital Markets B&G Foods (BGS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds NantHealth Inc (NH) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Incyte Co. (INCY) Given Outperform Rating at BMO Capital Markets Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.46 Voxeljet AG (VJET) Receives Market Perform Rating from Cowen and Company Calithera Biosciences Inc (CALA) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Leerink Swann Blue Hills Bancorp (BHBK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $172,704,000 Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,100 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet National Grid plc (LON:NG) has been assigned a GBX 1,100 ($13.82) price objective by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Monday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price points to a potential upside of 8.53% from the stock’s previous close. Several other analysts have also recently commented on NG. Societe Generale set a GBX 990 ($12.44) price objective on shares of National Grid plc and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 920 ($11.56) price objective on shares of National Grid plc and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. BNP Paribas restated an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 830 ($10.43) price objective on shares of National Grid plc in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Beaufort Securities restated a “buy” rating on shares of National Grid plc in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc decreased their price objective on shares of National Grid plc from GBX 1,070 ($13.45) to GBX 1,060 ($13.32) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,010 ($12.69). National Grid plc (LON:NG) opened at 1011.1414 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 38.05 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 981.46 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 982.30. National Grid plc has a 1-year low of GBX 888.90 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,148.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/national-grid-plc-ng-given-a-gbx-1100-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About National Grid plc National Grid plc is an electricity and gas utility company focused on transmission and distribution activities in electricity and gas in both the United Kingdom and the United States. The Company’s segments include UK Electricity Transmission, which is engaged in high voltage electricity transmission networks in Great Britain; UK Gas Transmission, which is the gas transmission network in Great Britain and United Kingdom liquefied natural gas (LNG) storage activities; UK Gas Distribution, which includes approximately four of the eight regional networks of Great Britain’s gas distribution system, and US Regulated, which includes gas distribution networks, electricity distribution networks and high voltage electricity transmission networks in New York, and New England and electricity generation facilities in New York. Receive News & Ratings for National Grid plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Grid plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rice Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Position Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,195,000 Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $765,000 Position in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Brokerages Set Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Price Target at $4.56 SAP SE (SAP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Connect Group PLC (CNCT) Receives GBX 178 Average Price Target from Brokerages AQR Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Citigroup Inc Begins Coverage on Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Stephen I. Chazen Sells 4,000 Shares of Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Stock Insider Selling: Joint Corp (JYNT) Major Shareholder Sells $293,855.20 in Stock GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys New Stake in Silicom Ltd (SILC) GSA Capital Partners LLP Continues to Hold Stake in Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPSS) Datalink Co. (DTLK) Shares Sold by GSA Capital Partners LLP Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 5,664 IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Two Sigma Investments LP Has $463,000 Stake in Chemed Co. (CHE) Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Position Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in shares of Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP) by 14.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 90,611 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 11,099 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC’s holdings in Rice Midstream Partners were worth $2,227,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 3,528.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 823,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $19,985,000 after buying an additional 801,099 shares in the last quarter. Pointe Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 0.3% in the third quarter. Pointe Capital Management LLC now owns 56,503 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,371,000 after buying an additional 149 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 3,034.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 100,308 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,434,000 after buying an additional 97,108 shares in the last quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS raised its position in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 1,625,093 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,945,000 after buying an additional 24,123 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BP Capital Fund Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Rice Midstream Partners during the third quarter worth approximately $1,881,000. 72.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP) opened at 25.22 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $2.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.17 and a beta of 1.37. Rice Midstream Partners LP has a one year low of $14.21 and a one year high of $26.42. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $24.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $23.15. Rice Midstream Partners (NYSE:RMP) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.07. Rice Midstream Partners had a return on equity of 15.83% and a net margin of 57.67%. The business had revenue of $59.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $47.76 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.18 earnings per share. Rice Midstream Partners’s revenue was up 102.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Rice Midstream Partners LP will post $1.44 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/rice-midstream-partners-lp-rmp-position-increased-by-guggenheim-capital-llc.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on RMP shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Rice Midstream Partners from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “hold” rating and set a $25.00 price objective (up previously from $23.00) on shares of Rice Midstream Partners in a report on Monday, February 27th. Johnson Rice started coverage on Rice Midstream Partners in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set an “accumulate” rating on the stock. Finally, TheStreet lowered Rice Midstream Partners from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $27.20. About Rice Midstream Partners Rice Midstream Partners LP owns, operates, develops and acquires midstream assets in the Appalachian Basin. The Company’s segments are gathering and compression, and water services. The gathering and compression segment provides natural gas gathering and compression services for Rice Energy Inc (Rice Energy) and third parties in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RMP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP). Receive News & Ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Earns Sell Rating from Analysts at Shore Capital Stagecoach Group plc (SGC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas Brokers Issue Forecasts for Intertain Group Ltd.’s FY2017 Earnings (IT) Shore Capital Reiterates “house stock” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Shore Capital Reaffirms not rated Rating for Armadale Capital PLC (ACP) DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avinger Inc (AVGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) Given Hold Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald BT Group plc (BT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Vale SA (VALE) Groupon Inc (GRPN) Coverage Initiated at Barclays PLC Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Evercore ISI AZZ Inc (AZZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Saga PLC (LON:SAGA)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 215 ($2.70) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price indicates a potential upside of 5.81% from the company’s current price. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Peel Hunt restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.14) price target on shares of Saga PLC in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Saga PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a GBX 200 ($2.51) price target on the stock. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 235 ($2.95) price target on shares of Saga PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 228.33 ($2.87). Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) opened at 201.128 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.24 billion. Saga PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 175.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 227.38. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 196.26 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 197.65. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of GBX 5.80 ($0.07) per share. This represents a yield of 2.84%. This is a boost from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-saga-plc-saga.html. Saga PLC Company Profile Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TAL Education Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TAL Education Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Buy Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Vantiv’s (VNTV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) PT Set at $77.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies TAL Education Group’s (TAL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Columbia Property Trust Inc (CXP) Given a $26.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Bioverativ Inc (BIVV) Given a $62.00 Price Target at Leerink Swann CSX Co. (CSX) Upgraded to Market Outperform at Avondale Partners AA PLC’s (AA) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Issued By B. Riley Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.65 Per Share (CM) Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Receives $31.92 Average Target Price from Analysts Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research IPSEN (IPSEY) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Corus Entertainment Inc. (CJR.B) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Brokerages Set United States Steel Co. (X) PT at $35.90 TAL Education Group’s (TAL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) in a research note released on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a $123.00 price objective on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. Bank of America Corp started coverage on TAL Education Group in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. They issued a buy rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded TAL Education Group from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upgraded TAL Education Group from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $72.56. TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) opened at 106.57 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $90.25 and its 200 day moving average price is $77.50. TAL Education Group has a 52-week low of $47.69 and a 52-week high of $108.50. The company has a market capitalization of $8.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 99.51 and a beta of 0.34. TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.26 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.04. TAL Education Group had a return on equity of 17.35% and a net margin of 11.41%. The business had revenue of $260.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $230.17 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.19 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 83.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that TAL Education Group will post $1.25 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/tal-education-groups-tal-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. TAL Education Group Company Profile TAL Education Group is a holding company for a group of companies engaged in provision of after-school tutoring programs for primary and secondary school students in the People’s Republic of China (the PRC). The Company is a K-12 after-school tutoring services provider in China. The Company’s Xueersi Peiyou small classes course consists of approximately four semesters, which include approximately two school semesters in Spring and Fall, and approximately two holiday semesters in summer and winter. Receive News & Ratings for TAL Education Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TAL Education Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT SPONSORED CONTENT What's this?Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. Email Print Facebook Share Twitter Google+ LinkedIn smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. 3 Things to Know about DC Plan Participants Under 30 By Catherine Peterson, Global Head of Insights Programs, J.P. Morgan Asset Management April 4, 2017 J.P. Morgan’s JPM -0.36429872495446264% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD87.52 -0.32 -0.36429872495446264% /Date(1491253211815-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 19298274 AFTER HOURS USD87.48 -0.04 -0.04570383912248629% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 533504 P/E Ratio 14.138933764135702 Market Cap 313761207231.581 Dividend Yield 2.2851919561243146% Rev. per Employee 421060 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position latest defined contribution (DC) plan participant research reveals saving and investing preferences among participants under 30 years of age. Our findings may assist plan sponsors and advisors in guiding these investors to a financially secure retirement. Survey results indicate that members of this large and influential age group—which will be working its way toward retirement for the next 35 to 45 years—are not only supportive of a more “automatic” DC plan, but they also expect their employers to play a vital role in helping them save and invest for retirement. Here are three critical findings from our research on the attitudes toward saving and investing among the youngest members of the U.S. labor force. 1) A majority identify as “do it for me” investors. Our research shows that, despite their generally accepted reputation as self-assured and independent, those under 30 are more likely than those 30 and over to classify themselves as “do it for me” investors (69% vs. 56%). These youthful investors say they want help selecting their investments and prefer to leave most of the ongoing investment decisions to experienced investment professionals (vs. “do it yourself” investors, who prefer to take a more hands-on approach). They are also more likely than those over 30 to appreciate receiving notifications from their employer if they are not saving enough (62% of those under 30 vs. 34% of those 30 and over). 2) In general, they expect their employers to take responsibility for helping them save and invest for retirement. These young employees, less experienced in managing their own finances—and admittedly a long way from retirement—are more likely to assign at least some degree of responsibility to their employers for helping them save for retirement (82% vs. 73% for those 30 and over). What’s more, half of those under 30 think their employer has an obligation to help them choose the right investments, compared with only 22% of their older colleagues. 3) They are among the strongest proponents of the “automatic 401(k).” Our research and experience suggest that some plan sponsors may be reluctant to adopt the automatic 401(k)—a term we use here to refer to a plan that utilizes some combination of automatic plan features, qualified default investment alternatives (QDIAs) such as target date funds (TDFs), and re-enrollment¹—for fear of employee pushback. Yet our participant research indicates an encouraging level of support, particularly among participants under 30, for these plan features, as well as asset allocation strategies, that may help automate and simplify employee retirement-related decisions while leaving the ultimate choice in participants’ hands. A large majority are in favor of or at least neutral toward automatic enrollment (84%) and automatic contribution escalation (86%), and the group is close to unanimous in its support of target date funds and re-enrollment. Rather than seeing the implementation of the automatic 401(k) as an example of employers overstepping their roles, participants, especially those under 30, appear to appreciate and to some extent expect their employers to proactively help them get and stay on track for a secure retirement. “Under 30s” are the strongest proponents of the automatic 401(k) Implications for plan sponsors and advisors Getting these young employees on the right track now, early in their careers, can allow the benefits of consistent saving and age-appropriate asset allocation to compound over their working lives. The good news is, those under 30 recognize the challenge they face in saving and investing for retirement and appear very receptive to the knowledge, tools and guidance that employers and advisors can provide. These findings may help assure plan sponsors that their efforts to strengthen their plans and proactively place employees on a solid path to a secure retirement will likely be met with support among current and future generations of participants. Source: J.P. Morgan Plan Participant Research 2016. The online survey of 1,001 DC plan participants was conducted in January 2016. ¹A plan re-enrollment is a process by which participants are notified that their existing assets and future contributions will be invested in the plan’s qualified default investment alternative (QDIA), which may be a target date fund, based on their date of birth. All participants’ assets are automatically moved into the QDIA on a certain date unless the participant makes a new investment election during a specified time period. Before conducting a re-enrollment, plan sponsors must engage in a prudent process for determining whether a re-enrollment is appropriate for the plan and its participants. To explore the full findings from our participant research, visit https://am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/gim/adv/insights/plan-participant-survey-findings Opinions and statements of market trends that are based on current market conditions constitute our judgment and are subject to change without notice. These views described may not be suitable for all investors. References to specific securities, asset classes and financial markets are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. MORE FROM J.P. MORGAN FUNDS •  Top picks in asset allocation •  Building a better index with strategic beta •  3 Ways to Help Improve Retirement Outcomes •  Investing for income in the current environment: JPMorgan Income Builder Fund For additional disclosure: http://www.bit.ly/1PCGvXH Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 /EINPresswire.com/ — SAN MATEO, CA–(Marketwired – April 03, 2017) – Essex Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: ESS) announced today that its operating partnership, Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the „Issuer”), priced $350 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the „Notes”) at an interest rate per annum of 3.625%. The Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.423% of par value with a yield to maturity of 3.694%. Interest is payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 with the first interest payment due November 1, 2017. The Notes mature on May 1, 2027. The Notes will be the senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. The Notes offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The operating partnership expects to use net proceeds to repay indebtedness under its unsecured line of credit facilities and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Jefferies LLC served as joint book-running managers. Barclays Capital Inc., BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as senior co-managers and Capital One Securities, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Regions Securities LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. served as co-managers for the offering. The Issuer and Essex Property Trust, Inc. have filed a registration statement (including a preliminary prospectus supplement and a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may get these documents for free by searching the SEC online database („EDGAR”) on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the Issuer, Essex Property Trust, Inc., any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and prospectus if you request it from (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll free at 1-800-645-3751, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll free at 1-800-831-9146, (iii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, (iv) MUFG Securities Americas Inc. toll free at 1-877-649-6848 or (v) U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. toll free at 1-877-558-2607. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Essex Property Trust, Inc. Essex Property Trust, Inc. („Essex”), an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust („REIT”) that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 246 apartment communities with an additional 6 properties in various stages of active development. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the Notes offering and the expected use of the net proceeds therefrom, which are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: general risks affecting the real estate industry; adverse economic or real estate developments in the target markets of Essex; risks associated with the availability and terms of financing, the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, and the ability to refinance indebtedness as it comes due; failure to maintain credit ratings with the rating agencies; risks and uncertainties affecting property acquisitions and developments, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets; and other risks detailed in Essex’s filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and Essex assumes no obligation to update this information. For more details relating to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and risks to our business in general, please refer to our SEC filings, including Essex’s most recent Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pearl River Announces Changes to the Board of Directors Next PostNext Bonavista Energy Corporation Announces Increase to Exchangeable Share Ratio Search Recent Posts Releases New Report on the Global Profenofos Market Samenvatting: Panasonic richt Amerikaanse divisie Panasonic Media Entertainment Company op Ford Ranks as Leading Company Developing Automated Driving Systems in Navigant Research Assessment B/E Aerospace to Launch Aspire™ Wide Body Main Cabin Seating with United Airlines; Airline Also Selects Meridian™ Single Aisle Main Cabin Seating For 737 MAX 9 Aircraft Young Performer Promotes Anti Bullying Program in Honor of Brendan Carr Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Cimarex Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC) („Cimarex”) announced today that it has priced an offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2027, which will carry an interest rate of 3.90%. The notes were sold to the public at 99.748% for a yield to maturity of 3.93%. Cimarex intends to use the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to fund the purchase price and accrued and unpaid interest payable with respect to all notes validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the separately announced tender offer for any or all of the outstanding $750 million aggregate principal amount of Cimarex’s 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the „2022 Notes”) and the redemption of any 2022 Notes that remain outstanding after completion or termination of the tender offer. Interest is payable May 15 and November 15 of each year. The first interest payment will be made November 15, 2017, and interest will accrue from April 10, 2017. The offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. have acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) on Form S-3 and available for review on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the senior notes referred to above. An offering of any such securities will be made only by means of a prospectus forming a part of the effective registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement thereto and other related documents. Any such documents shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. You may obtain copies of these documents without charge from the SEC at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of these documents can be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk – 3rd Floor, or via phone, collect, at 1-212-834-4533; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via phone at 1-800-645-3751, or by email at wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, Attention: Prospectus Group, or via phone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10020, Attention: Capital Markets Group, or via phone at 1-212 405-7440, or toll-free at 1-877-649-6848. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Mid-Continent and Permian Basin areas of the U.S. This communication contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including a successful closing of the offering. These risks and uncertainties are more fully described in SEC reports filed by Cimarex. While Cimarex makes these forward-looking statements in good faith, management cannot guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. Cimarex assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except as required by law. Actual results may differ materially from Cimarex projections and can be affected by a variety of factors outside Cimarex’s control, including the risks and uncertainties described in Cimarex’s SEC reports.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cimarex-announces-pricing-of-senior-unsecured-notes-300433802.html SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co. Related Links http://www.cimarex.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Flagstar to Acquire Opes Advisors, Inc. Next PostNext Cytotoxic Drug Market Analysis, Revenue, Price, Market Share, Growth Rate, Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts Anti-Corruption Specialist Rebecca Li Joins Berkeley Research Group in Hong Kong Menarini-Silicon Biosystems completa l’acquisizione delle attività di CELLSEARCH® ProfNet Experts Available on Financial Literacy, Internet Privacy, More Global Car Rental Industry Guide 2017 – Consumer Trends, Market Growth and Market Future to 2021 Global Health Care Equipment & Supplies Industry Guide 2017 – Market Size, Historical Growth, Market Future and Key Company Analysis Report Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Cimarex Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes By Published: Apr 3, 2017 6:12 p.m. ET Share DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cimarex Energy Co. XEC, -1.15% ("Cimarex") announced today that it has priced an offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2027, which will carry an interest rate of 3.90%. The notes were sold to the public at 99.748% for a yield to maturity of 3.93%. Cimarex intends to use the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to fund the purchase price and accrued and unpaid interest payable with respect to all notes validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the separately announced tender offer for any or all of the outstanding $750 million aggregate principal amount of Cimarex's 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes") and the redemption of any 2022 Notes that remain outstanding after completion or termination of the tender offer. Interest is payable May 15 and November 15 of each year. The first interest payment will be made November 15, 2017, and interest will accrue from April 10, 2017. The offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. have acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on Form S-3 and available for review on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the senior notes referred to above. An offering of any such securities will be made only by means of a prospectus forming a part of the effective registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement thereto and other related documents. Any such documents shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. You may obtain copies of these documents without charge from the SEC at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of these documents can be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk – 3rd Floor, or via phone, collect, at 1-212-834-4533; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via phone at 1-800-645-3751, or by email at wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, Attention: Prospectus Group, or via phone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10020, Attention: Capital Markets Group, or via phone at 1-212 405-7440, or toll-free at 1-877-649-6848. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Mid-Continent and Permian Basin areas of the U.S. This communication contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including a successful closing of the offering. These risks and uncertainties are more fully described in SEC reports filed by Cimarex. While Cimarex makes these forward-looking statements in good faith, management cannot guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. Cimarex assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except as required by law. Actual results may differ materially from Cimarex projections and can be affected by a variety of factors outside Cimarex's control, including the risks and uncertainties described in Cimarex's SEC reports.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cimarex-announces-pricing-of-senior-unsecured-notes-300433802.html SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References XEC -1.37 -1.15% Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Cimarex Energy Co. U.S.: NYSE: XEC $118.12 -1.37 (-1.15%) Volume 1.0M Open $119.27 High $119.70 Low $116.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.27 Market Cap 11.4B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Cimarex Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes News provided by Cimarex Energy Co. Apr 03, 2017, 18:12 ET Share this article DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC) ("Cimarex") announced today that it has priced an offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2027, which will carry an interest rate of 3.90%. The notes were sold to the public at 99.748% for a yield to maturity of 3.93%. Cimarex intends to use the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to fund the purchase price and accrued and unpaid interest payable with respect to all notes validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the separately announced tender offer for any or all of the outstanding $750 million aggregate principal amount of Cimarex's 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes") and the redemption of any 2022 Notes that remain outstanding after completion or termination of the tender offer. Interest is payable May 15 and November 15 of each year. The first interest payment will be made November 15, 2017, and interest will accrue from April 10, 2017. The offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. have acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on Form S-3 and available for review on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the senior notes referred to above. An offering of any such securities will be made only by means of a prospectus forming a part of the effective registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement thereto and other related documents. Any such documents shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. You may obtain copies of these documents without charge from the SEC at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of these documents can be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk – 3rd Floor, or via phone, collect, at 1-212-834-4533; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via phone at 1-800-645-3751, or by email at wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, Attention: Prospectus Group, or via phone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10020, Attention: Capital Markets Group, or via phone at 1-212 405-7440, or toll-free at 1-877-649-6848. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Mid-Continent and Permian Basin areas of the U.S. This communication contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including a successful closing of the offering. These risks and uncertainties are more fully described in SEC reports filed by Cimarex. While Cimarex makes these forward-looking statements in good faith, management cannot guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. Cimarex assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except as required by law. Actual results may differ materially from Cimarex projections and can be affected by a variety of factors outside Cimarex's control, including the risks and uncertainties described in Cimarex's SEC reports.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cimarex-announces-pricing-of-senior-unsecured-notes-300433802.html SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co. Related Links http://www.cimarex.com Apr 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Cimarex Launches Tender Offer for Any and All of its 5.875% Senior Notes Due 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 03, 2017, 08:30 ETCimarex Launches Tender Offer for Any and All of its 5.875%... Feb 24, 2017, 12:23 ETCimarex Energy Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend Explore More news releases in similar topics Gas Oil & Energy Utilities You just read: Cimarex Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes News provided by Cimarex Energy Co. Apr 03, 2017, 18:12 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release BlackRock Announces Index Changes to Two iShares ETFs By Published: Apr 3, 2017 6:18 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Effective on or around June 1, 2017, BlackRock will make the following changes to two iShares ETFs:                     Current     New Fund Name     iShares Emerging Markets Corporate Bond ETF (CEMB)     iShares J.P. Morgan EM Corporate Bond ETF (CEMB) Underlying Index     Morningstar Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Index     J.P. Morgan CEMBI Broad Diversified Core Index Investment Objective     The iShares Emerging Markets Corporate Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of U.S. dollar-denominated, emerging market corporate bonds.     The iShares J.P. Morgan EM Corporate Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of U.S. dollar-denominated, emerging market corporate bonds. Index Provider     Morningstar, Inc.     JPMorgan Chase & Co.                     Current     New Fund Name     iShares Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (LEMB)     iShares J.P. Morgan EM Local Currency Bond ETF (LEMB) Underlying Index     Bloomberg Barclays Emerging Markets Broad Local Currency Bond Index     J.P. Morgan GBI-EM Global Diversified 15% Cap 4.5% Floor Index Investment Objective     The iShares Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of local currency denominated, emerging market sovereign bonds.     The iShares J.P. Morgan EM Local Currency Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of local currency denominated, emerging market sovereign bonds. Index Provider     Bloomberg Barclays Capital Inc.     JPMorgan Chase & Co.         The fund tickers will remain unchanged. Current shareholders in the above mentioned funds are not required to take any actions as a result of these changes. About BlackRock BlackRock is a global leader in investment management, risk management and advisory services for institutional and retail clients. At December 31, 2016, BlackRock’s AUM was $5.1 trillion. BlackRock helps clients around the world meet their goals and overcome challenges with a range of products that include separate accounts, mutual funds, iShares [®] (exchange-traded funds), and other pooled investment vehicles. BlackRock also offers risk management, advisory and enterprise investment system services to a broad base of institutional investors through BlackRock Solutions®. As of December 31, 2016, the firm had approximately 13,000 employees in more than 30 countries and a major presence in global markets, including North and South America, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Middle East and Africa. For additional information, please visit the Company’s website at www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock_news | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock About iShares iShares [® ] is a global leader in exchange-traded funds (ETFs), with more than a decade of expertise and commitment to individual and institutional investors of all sizes. With over 700 funds globally across multiple asset classes and strategies and more than $1 trillion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016, iShares helps clients around the world build the core of their portfolios, meet specific investment goals and implement market views. iShares funds are powered by the expert portfolio and risk management of BlackRock, trusted to manage more money than any other investment firm [1] . [1 ] Based on $5.147 trillion in AUM as of 12/31/16 Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses which may be obtained by visiting www.iShares.com or www.blackrock.com . Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. International investing involves risks, including risks related to foreign currency, limited liquidity, less government regulation and the possibility of substantial volatility due to adverse political, economic or other developments. These risks often are heightened for investments in emerging/developing markets and in concentrations of single countries. Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments. The iShares Funds are distributed by BlackRock Investments, LLC (together with its affiliates, “BlackRock”). The iShares Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Barclays, Bloomberg Finance L.P., JPMorgan Chase & Co. or Morningstar, Inc. None of these companies make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Funds. BlackRock is not affiliated with the companies listed above. ©2017 BlackRock. All rights reserved. iSHARES and BLACKROCK are registered trademarks of BlackRock. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170403006650/en/ SOURCE: BlackRock BlackRock Paul Young, 212-810-8142 Paul.Young@blackrock.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 SAN MATEO, CA–(Marketwired – April 03, 2017) – Essex Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: ESS) announced today that its operating partnership, Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the „Issuer”), priced $350 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the „Notes”) at an interest rate per annum of 3.625%. The Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.423% of par value with a yield to maturity of 3.694%. Interest is payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 with the first interest payment due November 1, 2017. The Notes mature on May 1, 2027. The Notes will be the senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. The Notes offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The operating partnership expects to use net proceeds to repay indebtedness under its unsecured line of credit facilities and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Jefferies LLC served as joint book-running managers. Barclays Capital Inc., BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as senior co-managers and Capital One Securities, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Regions Securities LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. served as co-managers for the offering. The Issuer and Essex Property Trust, Inc. have filed a registration statement (including a preliminary prospectus supplement and a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may get these documents for free by searching the SEC online database („EDGAR”) on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the Issuer, Essex Property Trust, Inc., any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and prospectus if you request it from (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll free at 1-800-645-3751, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll free at 1-800-831-9146, (iii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, (iv) MUFG Securities Americas Inc. toll free at 1-877-649-6848 or (v) U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. toll free at 1-877-558-2607. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Essex Property Trust, Inc. Essex Property Trust, Inc. („Essex”), an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust („REIT”) that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 246 apartment communities with an additional 6 properties in various stages of active development. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the Notes offering and the expected use of the net proceeds therefrom, which are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: general risks affecting the real estate industry; adverse economic or real estate developments in the target markets of Essex; risks associated with the availability and terms of financing, the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, and the ability to refinance indebtedness as it comes due; failure to maintain credit ratings with the rating agencies; risks and uncertainties affecting property acquisitions and developments, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets; and other risks detailed in Essex’s filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and Essex assumes no obligation to update this information. For more details relating to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and risks to our business in general, please refer to our SEC filings, including Essex’s most recent Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. CategoriesUncategorized TagsNYSE:ESS Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. 2017 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts Next PostNext BlackRock Announces Index Changes to Two iShares ETFs Search Recent Posts BlackRock Announces Index Changes to Two iShares ETFs Paramount Gold Nevada’s Drilling Continues to Confirm Continuity of Grassy Mountain Mineralization Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. 2017 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts First Growth Reached Agreement on Terms of Settlement for Oppression Action Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Essex Property Trust, Inc. April 03, 2017 17:35 ET Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - April 03, 2017) - Essex Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: ESS) announced today that its operating partnership, Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the "Issuer"), priced $350 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the "Notes") at an interest rate per annum of 3.625%. The Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.423% of par value with a yield to maturity of 3.694%. Interest is payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 with the first interest payment due November 1, 2017. The Notes mature on May 1, 2027. The Notes will be the senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. The Notes offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The operating partnership expects to use net proceeds to repay indebtedness under its unsecured line of credit facilities and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Jefferies LLC served as joint book-running managers. Barclays Capital Inc., BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as senior co-managers and Capital One Securities, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Regions Securities LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. served as co-managers for the offering. The Issuer and Essex Property Trust, Inc. have filed a registration statement (including a preliminary prospectus supplement and a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for the offering to which this communication relates. You may get these documents for free by searching the SEC online database ("EDGAR") on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the Issuer, Essex Property Trust, Inc., any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and prospectus if you request it from (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll free at 1-800-645-3751, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll free at 1-800-831-9146, (iii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, (iv) MUFG Securities Americas Inc. toll free at 1-877-649-6848 or (v) U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. toll free at 1-877-558-2607. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Essex Property Trust, Inc. Essex Property Trust, Inc. ("Essex"), an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust ("REIT") that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 246 apartment communities with an additional 6 properties in various stages of active development. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the Notes offering and the expected use of the net proceeds therefrom, which are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: general risks affecting the real estate industry; adverse economic or real estate developments in the target markets of Essex; risks associated with the availability and terms of financing, the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, and the ability to refinance indebtedness as it comes due; failure to maintain credit ratings with the rating agencies; risks and uncertainties affecting property acquisitions and developments, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets; and other risks detailed in Essex's filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and Essex assumes no obligation to update this information. For more details relating to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and risks to our business in general, please refer to our SEC filings, including Essex's most recent Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Contact Information Contact Information Barb Pak Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations (650) 655-7800 bpak@essex.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Essex Property Trust, Inc. From this industry Financial Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 By Published: Apr 3, 2017 5:35 p.m. ET Share Apr 03, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- SAN MATEO, CA--(Marketwired - April 03, 2017) - Essex Property Trust, Inc. ESS, -0.29% announced today that its operating partnership, Essex Portfolio, L.P. (the "Issuer"), priced $350 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes (the "Notes") at an interest rate per annum of 3.625%. The Notes were offered to investors at a price of 99.423% of par value with a yield to maturity of 3.694%. Interest is payable semiannually on May 1 and November 1 with the first interest payment due November 1, 2017. The Notes mature on May 1, 2027. The Notes will be the senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Essex Property Trust, Inc. The Notes offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions. The operating partnership expects to use net proceeds to repay indebtedness under its unsecured line of credit facilities and for other general corporate and working capital purposes. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Jefferies LLC served as joint book-running managers. Barclays Capital Inc., BB&T Capital Markets, a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as senior co-managers and Capital One Securities, Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Regions Securities LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. served as co-managers for the offering. The Issuer and Essex Property Trust, Inc. have filed a registration statement (including a preliminary prospectus supplement and a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for the offering to which this communication relates. You may get these documents for free by searching the SEC online database ("EDGAR") on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the Issuer, Essex Property Trust, Inc., any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and prospectus if you request it from (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll free at 1-800-645-3751, (ii) Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll free at 1-800-831-9146, (iii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, (iv) MUFG Securities Americas Inc. toll free at 1-877-649-6848 or (v) U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. toll free at 1-877-558-2607. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Essex Property Trust, Inc. Essex Property Trust, Inc. ("Essex"), an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust ("REIT") that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 246 apartment communities with an additional 6 properties in various stages of active development. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the Notes offering and the expected use of the net proceeds therefrom, which are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: general risks affecting the real estate industry; adverse economic or real estate developments in the target markets of Essex; risks associated with the availability and terms of financing, the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, and the ability to refinance indebtedness as it comes due; failure to maintain credit ratings with the rating agencies; risks and uncertainties affecting property acquisitions and developments, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets; and other risks detailed in Essex's filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and Essex assumes no obligation to update this information. For more details relating to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and risks to our business in general, please refer to our SEC filings, including Essex's most recent Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Contact Information Barb Pak Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations (650) 655-7800 bpak@essex.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Quote References ESS -0.66 -0.29% Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Essex Property Trust Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ESS $230.87 -0.66 (-0.29%) Volume 289.7K Open $231.63 High $231.77 Low $230.01 P/E Ratio 36.87 Div Yield 3.03 Market Cap 15.2B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CBOE Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBOE Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vertex Pharmaceuticals’ (VRTX) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at JMP Securities Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Upgraded by Maxim Group to Buy Uni-Pixel’s (UNXL) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co. Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Sse Plc (SSE) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Receives Outperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Given “Sell” Rating at Roth Capital Allianz SE (AZ) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Suburban Propane Partners LP (SPH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Boohoo.Com PLC (BOO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Summit Therapeutics PLC (SMMT) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Ocular Therapeutix Inc (OCUL) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Allianz SE (AZ) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brookline Bancorp (BRKL) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.69 Bridgeline Digital (BLIN) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 B&G Foods (BGS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Receives Outperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada restated their outperform rating on shares of CBOE Holdings, Inc (NASDAQ:CBOE) in a research report released on Friday. They currently have a $90.00 price target on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on CBOE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of CBOE Holdings from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and upped their price objective for the company from $78.00 to $84.00 in a research note on Friday, December 2nd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CBOE Holdings from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of CBOE Holdings from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of CBOE Holdings from a sell rating to a hold rating and increased their target price for the stock from $68.00 to $73.00 in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of CBOE Holdings from a sell rating to a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $70.16. CBOE Holdings (NASDAQ:CBOE) traded down 0.79% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $80.43. The company had a trading volume of 258,704 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.54 billion, a PE ratio of 35.43 and a beta of 0.66. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $79.30 and its 200 day moving average is $72.52. CBOE Holdings has a 1-year low of $61.22 and a 1-year high of $81.44. CBOE Holdings (NASDAQ:CBOE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.03. CBOE Holdings had a net margin of 28.74% and a return on equity of 70.50%. The company earned $163.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $160.10 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.59 earnings per share. CBOE Holdings’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that CBOE Holdings will post $3.17 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Receives Outperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/cboe-holdings-inc-cboe-receives-outperform-rating-from-royal-bank-of-canada.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were issued a $0.25 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $1.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.23%. CBOE Holdings’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 44.05%. In other news, Chairman Edward T. Tilly sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.61, for a total transaction of $393,050.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 85,611 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,729,880.71. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Christopher Mitchell sold 470,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.26, for a total transaction of $36,782,200.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.96% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. TD Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of CBOE Holdings by 12.5% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 181,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,764,000 after buying an additional 20,200 shares during the period. Alps Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of CBOE Holdings during the third quarter worth $393,000. Decatur Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of CBOE Holdings by 38.7% in the third quarter. Decatur Capital Management Inc. now owns 51,007 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,308,000 after buying an additional 14,225 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in shares of CBOE Holdings by 17.0% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 56,087 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,637,000 after buying an additional 8,133 shares during the period. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of CBOE Holdings by 96.9% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 59,418 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,853,000 after buying an additional 29,235 shares during the period. 74.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. CBOE Holdings Company Profile CBOE Holdings, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s principal business is operating markets that offer for trading options on various market indexes (index options), on an exclusive basis, and futures contracts, as well as on non-exclusive multiply listed options, such as options on the stocks of individual corporations (equity options), and options on other exchange-traded products (ETP options), such as exchange-traded funds (ETF options) and exchange-traded notes (ETN options). Receive News & Ratings for CBOE Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBOE Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sse Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vertex Pharmaceuticals’ (VRTX) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at JMP Securities Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Upgraded by Maxim Group to Buy Uni-Pixel’s (UNXL) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co. Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Sse Plc (SSE) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Receives Outperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Given “Sell” Rating at Roth Capital Allianz SE (AZ) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Suburban Propane Partners LP (SPH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Boohoo.Com PLC (BOO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Summit Therapeutics PLC (SMMT) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Ocular Therapeutix Inc (OCUL) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Allianz SE (AZ) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brookline Bancorp (BRKL) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.69 Bridgeline Digital (BLIN) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 B&G Foods (BGS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Sse Plc (SSE) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their neutral rating on shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) in a research report released on Friday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 1,540 ($19.35) target price on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reduced their target price on Sse Plc from GBX 1,550 ($19.48) to GBX 1,500 ($18.85) and set a  neutral rating on the stock in a report on Friday, February 10th. HSBC Holdings plc raised Sse Plc to a buy rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 1,660 ($20.86) to GBX 1,740 ($21.87) in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Investec raised Sse Plc to a buy rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 1,500 ($18.85) to GBX 1,650 ($20.74) in a report on Friday, January 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reduced their target price on Sse Plc from GBX 1,470 ($18.47) to GBX 1,420 ($17.85) and set a hold rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,612 ($20.26) target price on shares of Sse Plc in a report on Monday, January 16th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sse Plc has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,574.67 ($19.79). Shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) traded up 0.14% on Friday, reaching GBX 1478.00. The company had a trading volume of 2,829,487 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,518.76 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,523.10. Sse Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,369.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,644.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 14.90 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Sse Plc (SSE) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/sse-plc-sse-given-neutral-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Sse Plc SSE plc is engaged in producing, distributing and supplying electricity and gas, as well as other energy-related services to homes and businesses in Great Britain and Ireland. The Company’s segments include Networks, which consists of electricity distribution, electricity transmission and gas distribution; Retail, which consists of energy supply, enterprise and energy-related services, and Wholesale, which consists of energy portfolio management and electricity generation, gas storage and gas production. Receive News & Ratings for Sse Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Tipoff From JPMorgan Sends Traders Hunting for Obscure Ukraine Debt by Natasha Doff @natashadoff More stories by Natasha Doff and Marton Eder @martoneder More stories by Marton Eder April 3, 2017, 10:37 AM EDT Analysts say securities worth almost three times current value Warrants surge 5.71 cents on dollar after note published JPMorgan Chase & Co. just pulled back the curtain on a neglected corner of the high-yielding emerging-market debt market. Ukrainian GDP warrants -- securities used by the former Soviet republic to clinch a sovereign debt restructuring in 2015 -- surged by the most since they were issued last week after JPMorgan published a note arguing that they trade at a third of their true value. The 25-page report concluded that payouts on the securities, while difficult to determine, are likely to far exceed current pricing. The debt had slipped off investors’ radars because the warrants aren’t included in major emerging-market bond benchmarks and don’t offer any payout until at least 2021, and then only if Ukraine’s gross-domestic product climbs by about 35 percent to $125.4 billion. The JPMorgan note put the spotlight back on the securities at a time when traders are hungry for high-yielding debt amid record-low interest rates in most of the developed world. “The warrants were grinding lower and then suddenly this note came out and people rediscovered them,” said Viktor Szabo, a bond-fund manager at Aberdeen Asset Management Plc, who holds the warrants along with an overweight position in Ukraine’s sovereign dollar bonds. “Our valuation wouldn’t go so far as JPMorgan’s, but even if you halve it, it still offers value compared to the current level.” The notes were included in Ukraine’s $15 billion debt agreement as an incentive to persuade creditors, including Franklin Templeton, to take a 20 percent principal writedown and accept a delay in repayment. Investors who hold the notes can receive a payout twice a year until 2040, with the amount determined by the pace of gross domestic product growth in the country. The International Monetary Fund estimates the nation’s GDP will rise enough to breach the pay-out level in 2021. Read this Q&A for more on how the warrants work The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The JPMorgan analysts, who estimated the fair value for the securities at 79.5 cents on the dollar, admitted that the armed conflict with pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine’s east poses a major risk if fighting escalates and the country loses territory and production facilities. The central bank cut its 2017 economic growth forecast last month to 1.9 percent from 2.8 percent after the country imposed a trade blockade on its eastern separatist regions. The blockade has also further delayed a $1 billion loan from the IMF. The warrants surged 5.71 cents to 36.76 cents on the dollar last week after the note was published on March 24. They were little changed on Monday at 36.78 cents, the highest since February 2016. “We think the current discount in the price versus our estimates of fair value is sufficient to compensate for these risks and will start correcting over time as market participants look more at the payment triggers,” JPMorgan analysts including Nicolaie Alexandru Chidesciuc wrote. “Prices will eventually correct higher.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Musk Trolls Shorts as Tesla's Value Hits Record, Passes Ford Hungarians Take to the Streets to Support Soros’s University Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research General Electric Company (GE) Receives “Sell” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages TESARO Inc (TSRO) PT Raised to $202.00 at FBR & Co Visteon Corp (VC) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Tegna Inc (TGNA) Tenneco Inc (TEN) Now Covered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tudor Pickering Upgrades Parker Drilling Company (PKD) to Buy Zacks Investment Research Lowers Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) to Hold Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms “Negative” Rating for Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) PT Lowered to $19.00 Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Evercore ISI Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Earning Negative News Coverage, Report Shows Arc Logistics Partners (ARCX) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Sothebys (BID) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.40 Ares Management (ARES) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Arc Logistics Partners (ARCX) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds Caleres (CAL) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 Toth Financial Advisory Corp Purchases 2,246 Shares of Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) General Electric Company (GE) Receives “Sell” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their sell rating on shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. They currently have a $27.00 target price on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on GE. BMO Capital Markets restated a hold rating on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada restated a positive rating on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded General Electric Company from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating and issued a $36.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a $38.00 price objective on General Electric Company and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $33.24. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.80 on Tuesday. General Electric Company has a 52 week low of $28.19 and a 52 week high of $33.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $260.00 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.37 and a beta of 1.20. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $29.91 and its 200-day moving average is $30.24. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The firm had revenue of $33.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $33.67 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.52 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/general-electric-company-ge-receives-sell-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be issued a dividend of $0.24 per share. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.22%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 106.67%. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total transaction of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 738,907 shares in the company, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein bought 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were purchased at an average price of $29.63 per share, with a total value of $148,150.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 68,757 shares in the company, valued at $2,037,269.91. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Fusion Family Wealth LLC bought a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $100,000. Empirical Finance LLC bought a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $140,000. Turner Investments LLC bought a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $161,000. New Harbor Financial Group LLC boosted its position in shares of General Electric Company by 46.0% in the third quarter. New Harbor Financial Group LLC now owns 5,828 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 1,837 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $177,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.68% of the company’s stock. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–As previously announced, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) will host a conference call to review first-quarter 2017 financial results on Thursday, April 13, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern). The results are scheduled to be released at approximately 6:45 a.m. (Eastern). The live audio webcast and presentation slides will be available on www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. JPMorgan Chase will notify the public that earnings results have been issued through its social media outlet @JPMorgan and @Chase on Twitter, and by a press release over Business Wire that will provide the link to the Firm’s Investor Relations website. In addition to being available on the Firm’s Investor Relations website, the earnings results will also be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on a Form 8-K, which will be available on the SEC website at https://www.sec.gov. The general public can access the conference call by dialing the following numbers: (866) 541-2724 in the U.S. and Canada; (706) 634-7246 for international callers. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the call. The replay will be available via webcast on www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. A replay of the conference call will also be available beginning at approximately 12:30 p.m. (Eastern) on April 13, 2017 through midnight, April 26, 2017 by telephone at (800) 585-8367 (U.S. and Canada); (404) 537-3406 (International); use Conference ID # 37340654. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nielsen Expands Strategic Relationship with Wawa as a Preferred Analytics Provider Next PostNext Piramal Imaging and AC Immune present first clinical data for tau PET-imaging tracer at International Alzheimer’s Conference Search Recent Posts Releases New Report on the Global Profenofos Market Samenvatting: Panasonic richt Amerikaanse divisie Panasonic Media Entertainment Company op Ford Ranks as Leading Company Developing Automated Driving Systems in Navigant Research Assessment B/E Aerospace to Launch Aspire™ Wide Body Main Cabin Seating with United Airlines; Airline Also Selects Meridian™ Single Aisle Main Cabin Seating For 737 MAX 9 Aircraft Young Performer Promotes Anti Bullying Program in Honor of Brendan Carr Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ATKINS WS GBP0.005 (WATKF) to Hold Vetr Inc. Lowers FireEye Inc (FEYE) to Buy Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Marcello Rapini Sells 16,797 Shares of Perpetual Energy Inc. (PMT) Stock Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) PT Lowered to $13.00 National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,100 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Global Payments Inc (GPN) Rating Increased to Overweight at Barclays PLC TD Securities Lowers Royal Bank of Canada (RY) to Hold Mandom Corp (MDOMF) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Exterran Corp (EXTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.22 Negative News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Share Price DA Davidson Increases Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Price Target to $10.00 Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.35 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for General Electric Company (GE) ATCO Ltd. (ACO.X) Stock Rating Lowered by BMO Capital Markets B&G Foods (BGS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds NantHealth Inc (NH) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) in a research note issued on Monday, The Fly reports. The brokerage set a “neutral” rating on the stock. CCE has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Barclays PLC set a $41.00 price objective on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $38.00 price objective on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Argus started coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $44.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, TheStreet downgraded shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $46.77. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) opened at 37.69 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $12.43 billion, a PE ratio of 24.62 and a beta of 1.01. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $35.54 and a 200-day moving average of $35.62. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 1-year low of $30.55 and a 1-year high of $54.54. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46. The firm had revenue of $2.58 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.54 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a net margin of 8.49% and a return on equity of 21.76%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 58.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.53 EPS. Analysts expect that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.21 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 24th. Shareholders of record on Monday, April 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.2261 per share. This is a boost from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.40%. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.98%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-now-covered-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CCE. Meeder Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 19.0% in the third quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,917 shares of the company’s stock worth $196,000 after buying an additional 784 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors purchased a new stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth approximately $4,476,000. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D purchased a new stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth approximately $7,013,000. Navellier & Associates Inc boosted its stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 7.4% in the third quarter. Navellier & Associates Inc now owns 7,761 shares of the company’s stock worth $310,000 after buying an additional 535 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Murphy Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth approximately $239,000. Institutional investors own 31.73% of the company’s stock. About Coca-Cola European Partners plc Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for General Electric Company (GE) ATCO Ltd. (ACO.X) Stock Rating Lowered by BMO Capital Markets B&G Foods (BGS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds NantHealth Inc (NH) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Incyte Co. (INCY) Given Outperform Rating at BMO Capital Markets Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.46 Voxeljet AG (VJET) Receives Market Perform Rating from Cowen and Company Calithera Biosciences Inc (CALA) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Leerink Swann Blue Hills Bancorp (BHBK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $172,704,000 Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Macy's Inc (M) Shares Sold by RMB Capital Management LLC RMB Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) RMB Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.69 USA Financial Portformulas Corp Acquires New Stake in Logitech International SA (LOGI) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in KeyCorp (KEY) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $627,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $626,000 in Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for General Electric Company (GE) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Monday. A number of other research firms also recently commented on GE. Zacks Investment Research downgraded General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $31.00 price target on General Electric Company and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 target price on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein raised General Electric Company from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $33.00 to $40.00 in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $33.24. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.80 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $260.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.37 and a beta of 1.20. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $29.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.24. General Electric Company has a 52 week low of $28.19 and a 52 week high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46. The business earned $33.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $33.67 billion. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.52 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be paid a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.22%. General Electric Company’s payout ratio is currently 106.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-underweight-rating-for-general-electric-company-ge.html. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the sale, the insider now owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,842,090.92. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein bought 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $29.63 per share, for a total transaction of $148,150.00. Following the purchase, the insider now owns 68,757 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,037,269.91. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Searle & CO. acquired a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the third quarter valued at $1,010,000. City Holding Co. increased its position in General Electric Company by 4.5% in the third quarter. City Holding Co. now owns 124,926 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,699,000 after buying an additional 5,388 shares during the period. Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL increased its position in General Electric Company by 0.3% in the third quarter. Gofen & Glossberg LLC IL now owns 1,887,157 shares of the company’s stock worth $55,898,000 after buying an additional 5,774 shares during the period. Canal Capital Management LLC increased its position in General Electric Company by 0.5% in the third quarter. Canal Capital Management LLC now owns 18,501 shares of the company’s stock worth $548,000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the period. Finally, Gradient Investments LLC increased its position in General Electric Company by 70.1% in the third quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 10,081 shares of the company’s stock worth $299,000 after buying an additional 4,153 shares during the period. 54.68% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance U.S. Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for U.S. Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 36,859 Shares in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems Kentucky Retirement Systems Invests $1,504,000 in Amphenol Co. (APH) Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. Sells 5,299 Shares of U.S. Bancorp (USB) Quadrature Capital Ltd Invests $1,985,000 in Weibo Corp (WB) Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Stake Cut by Quadrature Capital Ltd Arthur G. Altschul, Jr. Sells 2,043 Shares of General American Investors Co. Inc. (GAM) Stock Christopher & Banks Co. (CBK) Major Shareholder Acquires $33,000.00 in Stock Synalloy Co. (SYNL) Insider Purchases $224,621.00 in Stock 24,222 Shares in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Acquired by Empire Life Investments Inc. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) 63,952 Shares in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC 146,472 Shares in Pilgrim's Pride Co. (PPC) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $2,676,000 Stake in Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Insider Buying: ICC Holdings Inc (ICCH) CFO Purchases $178,000.00 in Stock National Grid plc (NGG) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Zacks: magicJack VocalTec Ltd (CALL) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Insider Buying: Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Director Acquires C$97,927.20 in Stock Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells $202,950.00 in Stock Analysts Set $11.25 Target Price for OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) Brokerages Set $30.50 Price Target for PCM Inc (PCMI) Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. Sells 5,299 Shares of U.S. Bancorp (USB) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. decreased its position in shares of U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) by 3.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 160,947 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 5,299 shares during the period. U.S. Bancorp makes up about 1.1% of Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 26th largest position. Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc.’s holdings in U.S. Bancorp were worth $8,267,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. State Street Corp boosted its position in U.S. Bancorp by 10.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 74,605,546 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,832,661,000 after buying an additional 7,111,937 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its position in U.S. Bancorp by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 71,056,058 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,650,150,000 after buying an additional 2,840,892 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in U.S. Bancorp by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 42,512,655 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,823,368,000 after buying an additional 230,566 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in U.S. Bancorp by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 21,411,450 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $918,337,000 after buying an additional 666,679 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in U.S. Bancorp by 1.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 14,658,369 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $628,698,000 after buying an additional 231,315 shares during the period. 73.73% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) opened at 51.50 on Monday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $54.49 and its 200 day moving average is $49.36. The stock has a market capitalization of $87.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.90 and a beta of 0.84. U.S. Bancorp has a 52-week low of $38.47 and a 52-week high of $56.61. U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The financial services provider reported $0.82 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $5.44 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.38 billion. U.S. Bancorp had a net margin of 25.89% and a return on equity of 13.88%. U.S. Bancorp’s revenue was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.79 EPS. Equities analysts expect that U.S. Bancorp will post $3.49 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.28 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.17%. U.S. Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 34.46%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/baltimore-washington-financial-advisors-inc-sells-5299-shares-of-u-s-bancorp-usb.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of U.S. Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of U.S. Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of U.S. Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Atlantic Securities cut shares of U.S. Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $46.00 to $52.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Wedbush boosted their price objective on shares of U.S. Bancorp from $51.00 to $52.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $47.87. In related news, Vice Chairman Terrance R. Dolan sold 101,334 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.63, for a total value of $5,130,540.42. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 115,124 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,828,728.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Craig E. Gifford sold 7,548 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $53.60, for a total transaction of $404,572.80. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 37,869 shares in the company, valued at $2,029,778.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 1,338,660 shares of company stock worth $70,197,537. 0.68% of the stock is owned by insiders. U.S. Bancorp Company Profile U.S. Bancorp is a multi-state financial services holding company. The Company provides a full range of financial services, including lending and depository services, cash management, capital markets, and trust and investment management services. It also engages in credit card services, merchant and automated teller machine (ATM) processing, mortgage banking, insurance, brokerage and leasing. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding USB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB). Receive News & Ratings for U.S. Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for U.S. Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Citizens Bank Hires Chapin Bates as NYC Metro Regional Executive NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Citizens Bank has hired Chapin Bates as regional executive and head of NYC Metro. Bates joins Citizens following a successful 20-plus year career at JP Morgan Chase. “The NYC Metro region represents an area where we have an attractive opportunity to further grow our business,” said Donald H. McCree, vice chairman and head of commercial banking at Citizens. “Chapin is well-positioned to bring considerable leadership and innovative solutions to our clients in the region.” Bates has a strong track record of growing businesses and is a proven leader in the Metro NYC region. Most recently at JPMC, he was Managing Director and Head of Middle Market Banking for Manhattan and Brooklyn. Prior to that role, he led a national team as Head of F/X and Rate Derivative Sales. Bates has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Hobart College and a Masters of Management from Northwestern University’s J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management. Citizens is positioned as a strategic and financial partner, offering deep expertise, great ideas and seamless deal execution. The Citizens Commercial Banking approach puts clients first, and offers solutions that help clients make the best decisions throughout the life cycle of their business. For more information about Citizens, visit the Citizens Commercial Banking website. About Citizens Financial Group, Inc. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. is one of the nation’s oldest and largest financial institutions, with $149.5 billion in assets as of December 31, 2016. Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Citizens offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. In Consumer Banking, Citizens helps its retail customers “bank better” with mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,200 ATMs and approximately 1,200 Citizens Bank branches in 11 states in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. Citizens also provides wealth management, mortgage lending, auto lending, student lending and commercial banking services in select markets nationwide. In Commercial Banking, Citizens offers corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest hedging, leasing and asset finance, specialty finance and trade finance. Citizens operates through its subsidiaries Citizens Bank, N.A., and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania as Citizens Bank, Citizens Commercial Banking and Citizens One. Additional information about Citizens and its full line of products and services can be found at www.citizensbank.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swanson Reed Approved as an IRS CE Provider Next PostNext Skills in Mindfulness, Meditation and Intuition on Dr. Carol Francis Talk Radio with Author and Intuitive Mary O’Maley Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against FTD Companies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Rise Announces Name Change to Rise Gold Corp. Samson Oil & Gas Receives Extension on Promissory Note Payment Fast Growing China Spending on Robotics to Reach $59.4 Billion in 2020, According to IDC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Ten Years After The Crisis Hit, Has The Financial Sector Learned Its Lesson? April 3, 2017 8:56am NYSE:XLF ShareTweet From Martin D. Weiss, Ph.D.: It never ceases to amaze me how quickly and thoroughly our nation’s decision-makers and investors forget the lessons of history. It’s a unique form of amnesia suffered by presidents, cabinet members, senators, congressmen, and Fed chairmen. It’s a disease on Wall Street, in Silicon Valley, Detroit and Hartford. And it’s highly contagious, spreading to American savers, investors and speculators. My father used to call it “a convenient forgettery on a mass scale” — society’s psychological mechanism whereby certain traumatic events of the past are erased from the public consciousness. It’s wrong. It’s foolhardy. It’s downright dangerous — both for the nation as a whole and for individual citizens. And it’s particularly common in the one area that can have the most profound impact on our livelihoods — the erudite world of sophisticated financial transactions and policies. Where greed competes head-to-head with fear. Where trillions of dollars are at stake. Where even some of the most sophisticated investors are vulnerable to deception. Case in point … Yesterday was the 10-year anniversary of a landmark event that changed history. But no one seems to remember or care. Can you guess what that landmark event was? Here’s your first hint: It happened on April 2, 2007, as I said, ten years ago yesterday. Hint #2: It was the first major financial collapse of the greatest debt crisis of our lifetime, leading to the worst market meltdown in one hundred years and the largest government rescues of all time. Hint #3. The company that went under was one of America’s largest lenders of subprime mortgages. Its name: New Century Financial, the second-largest originator of subprime mortgages in the United States. Its stock plunged from a high of $64 in 2004 to 10 cents per share on the pink sheets in 2007. Its investors lost billions of dollars. And it was just the first of many. Here’s my diary of key events that followed … July 31, 2007. Bear Stearns, one of America’s largest investment banks, has just liquidated two hedge funds that invested in high-risk securities backed by subprime mortgage loans. Fed Chairman Greenspan and virtually all of Wall Street are pooh-poohing the crisis, saying it’s “contained” exclusively to “a small niche” in the U.S. mortgage market. We warn our readers that it’s just the beginning. August 6, 2007. American Home Mortgage Investment, which specializes in adjustable-rate mortgages, has filed for bankruptcy protection. Still, government officials and Wall Street pundits insist the crisis is “easily containable.” December 3, 2007. In today’s Money and Markets column, “Dangerously Close to a Money Panic,” I write that Bear Stearns has “sunk its balance sheet even deeper into the hole, with $20.2 billion in dead assets, or 155 percent of its equity; and is threatened with insolvency.” I warn that “Lehman Brothers is in a similar situation,” because of an even larger, $34.7 billion pileup of “risky, impossible-to-value assets,” representing 160% of its equity. January 11, 2008. Bank of America has just announced that it will buy the bankrupt subprime lending giant Countrywide Financial for $4.1 billion in stock. This means America’s largest weak bank is absorbing the most rotten assets of the entire mortgage market. It’s obviously a huge mistake and a bad omen for all investors. March 14, 2008. Bear Stearns failure. Exactly 102 days have passed since last December, when I warned that Bear Stearns was threatened with insolvency, and today it happened. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York says it’s providing a $29 billion emergency loan, while Bear Stearns is signing a merger agreement with JPMorgan Chase in a stock swap worth $2 per share. That’s less than 10 percent of Bear Stearns’ most current market value and a staggering decline from a peak of $172 per share as late as January 2007. March 17, 2008. “Huge financial failures ahead.” In today’s Money and Markets, “Closer to a Financial Meltdown,” we warn sternly about “The Containment Myth.” Weiss Ratings analyst Mike Larson and I remind readers about the dangers we first stressed back in 2007 — in regard to subprime lending, the housing crisis, the broader financial crisis and the likelihood of an S&L-type meltdown. Today, we’re stepping up those warnings. We write that “Bear Stearns is not alone; the crisis, not contained.” Included on our short list of major financial firms among the most vulnerable to failure: Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, Citibank and Bank of America. August 6, 2008. “Big Banks on the Brink.” Our Money and Markets readers seem to be paying close attention to our warnings, but Wall Street remains oblivious and complacent. So we’ve decided to send out a press release announcing a live broadcast naming the nation’s weakest U.S. banks and thrifts. Citibank is at the top of our list as the biggest and most vulnerable. More than 100,000 individuals view the broadcast or the recording. The transcript is distributed to over 400,000. September 7, 2009. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have just been placed under “conservatorship” of the U.S. government, another one of those creative government euphemisms for outright bankruptcy. But no words can disguise the enormity of collapse: The U.S. Treasury is committing to bailout funds of $100 billion for each, the largest bailout for any company in history. Common and preferred shareholders are wiped out. It seems the entire world is in shock. Too bad they didn’t read what we wrote four years ago (in Safe Money Report of April 2005 and Money and Markets September 24, 2004): “Fannie Mae is already drowning in a sea of debt. It has $34 of debt for every $1 of shareholder equity. That’s big leverage and of the wrong kind. Plus, the company has only one one-hundredths of a penny in cash on hand for every $1 of current bills. Think Fannie Mae can’t go under? Think again.” September 14, 2008. Merrill Lynch is bankrupt, and Bank of America is again stepping in to clean up the mess, much as it did for Countrywide Financial back in January. That Bank of America would take such unprecedented risk with depositors’ funds is unbelievable. But what’s even harder to believe is the fact that the bank is paying a 70.1% premium for the shares. Something very fishy about this transaction! (Later Congressional testimony by Bank of America CEO Kenneth Lewis and internal emails released by the House Oversight Committee reveal that the so-called “merger” was a shotgun marriage forced upon the bank by U.S. government regulators.) The Big Bang September 15, 2008. Lehman Brothers has filed for bankruptcy protection. Until now, virtually every government official and investor in the entire Western world has been assuming that ALL of America’s largest financial institutions are “too big to fail.” But today the government has effectively declared that Lehman Brothers, one of the biggest of them all, is too big to save. It’s the Big Bang of the financial crisis. JPMorgan Chase, the nation’s single biggest player in the market for derivatives, puts up $138 billion to settle Lehman’s outstanding transactions. Nearly all of Lehman’s other assets go into immediate liquidation. September 16, 2008. Financial weapons of mass destruction. What was once just a “contained problem in a small niche” has now exploded into a dark mushroom cloud over Wall Street and every major financial capital of the world. The nuclear material: DERIVATIVES, the same kind of high-risk contracts and transactions that killed Lehman Brothers and now threaten to sink the capitalist system as we know it. That’s why American International Group (AIG), the nation’s largest player in the derivatives markets among insurers, has also gone broke today. But unlike Lehman, it gets an instant $85 billion bailout from the Fed in exchange for an 80% interest in its shares. Meanwhile, a large money fund, Reserve Primary Fund, has huge losses in its short-term loans to Lehman. So its share price, which is always supposed to be fixed at $1, has suddenly fallen below the all-important one-buck level. September 18, 2008. “Money market meltdown ahead.” Reserve Primary Fund has been swamped with a half-trillion dollars in liquidation orders, and the contagion is beginning to spread to other money funds. We warn that the most-liquid financial markets in the world, called “money markets” – including trillions of dollars in short-term commercial paper, CDs, bank acceptances and other instruments — could soon become fatally illiquid for the first time in history. September 19, 2008. Money fund bailout. In a desperate attempt to stem the panic in the money fund world, the U.S. Treasury has just announced the equivalent of federal deposit insurance for money market funds, transferring still more responsibility from the private to the public sector. October 3, 2008. The “mother of all bailouts.” The Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 is passed with a 263-171 bipartisan vote in the House. Almost immediately, $700 billion in bailout funds start flowing from the U.S. Treasury Department straight into the coffers of giant U.S. banks on the brink of failure. But it’s just the first of many actions around the world — in the United States, Western Europe and Japan — that help transfer more trillions of dollars in toxic assets from the books of bankrupt corporations to the books of federal governments. Death rattle for Wall Street: Every dollar you have saved or invested is now at the mercy of a terrifying 100-year-old chart pattern. Here’s how to use the crisis it predicts to build not just one, but TWO massive fortunes in 2017: Read more here … October 7, 2008. Money market meltdown. The global market for short-term corporate IOUs (commercial paper) has sunk into a sudden deep freeze. This market is the oil that lubricates the industrial and banking operations of the entire world. Without it, the engine of the global economy will grind to a screeching halt. In response, the Federal Reserve has just announced a never-before-heard-of “Commercial Paper Funding Facility.” In other words, virtually any major company in the world that cannot roll over its short-term debts coming due is, in effect, invited to stop by the Fed’s offices in downtown Manhattan to pick up all the cash it needs. October 8, 2008. Zero interest rates. It’s rate-cutting time, and it’s big: Almost every major central bank in the world — including the U.S. Fed, the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, plus smaller ones such as the Bank of Canada, Swedish Riksbank and the Swiss National Bank — are announcing simultaneous, coordinated interest-rate cuts of 0.5%. For the Fed, it’s the first leg of a three-step move down to zero percent. But on the other side of the world, in Tokyo, it has left the Bank of Japan (BOJ) stranded, virtually alone. Why? Because the BOJ already cut its interest rates to zero long ago, and it has no more room to cut. Ironically, for years, Japan’s zero-interest policy has been derided by every other self-respecting central banker in the West as “foolhardy” or “amateurish.” Now, they’re all moving swiftly through exactly the same gateway to the same “other world” — with no plan regarding when or how to get back to normalcy. The immediate result is that, despite the rate cuts, global stock markets are plunging, and Japan is the biggest loser, down more than 9% today. November 24, 2008. Citigroup bankruptcy. Today marks the 110th day since a half-million investors received our list of prime bankruptcy candidates with Citibank at the top. And sure enough, today the bank has failed. By any definition known to CPAs, financial analysts or insolvency specialists, Citigroup is bankrupt. The government, however, is again trying to redefine when “a failed bank fails.” Even while the Treasury pumps in massive amounts of bailout funds, they’re swearing up and down that Citigroup has not “truly” failed. Early 2009. Money-printing madness. It now looks like “the failure deniers” (folks who denied that individual institutions like Citigroup, Merrill Lynch or Bank of America actually failed) had a point. But only in this sense: It’s not just Citigroup and a growing list of other banks that have gone under. It’s virtually the entire financial system that has failed, and they are that system. Moreover, as we’re discovering now, it’s not just one bank here and there that’s getting massive federal bailout funds. It’s the entire economy: The Fed’s releases reveal that, for the first time in U.S. history, the central bank has embarked on a massive money-printing spree. Here are the facts: Before the Lehman collapse, it had taken the Fed 5,012 days — 13 years and 8 months — to double its balance sheet (a reliable measure of how much money it has printed). In contrast, after the Lehman Brothers collapse, it has taken Ben Bernanke only 112 days to do the same. In other words, he has accelerated the pace of money printing by a factor of 45-to-1. Imagine an Interstate highway with a speed limit of 55 miles per hour. Suddenly, a new driver appears on the scene with a jet-powered engine that accelerates to a supersonic speed of 1,350 mph. That’s the same magnitude of change Fed Chairman Bernanke has presided over since Lehman went under. But that’s not all. Bernanke & Co. have invented and deployed more weapons of mass monetary expansion than all prior Fed chairmen combined. The list boggles the imagination: Term Discount Window Program, Term Auction Facility, Primary Dealer Credit Facility, Transitional Credit Extensions, Term Securities Lending Facility, ABCP Money Market Fund Liquidity Facility, Commercial Paper Funding Facility, Money Market Investing Funding Facility, Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, and Term Securities Lending Facility Options Program. None of these existed before. All are new experiments devised in response to the Debt Crisis. Back to the Present Where does all this leave us today, ten years after the first major collapse of that era? Some highlights: We’ve had eight years of zero or near-zero interest rates. Now, the big question is: What happens as rates rise again? We’ve seen round after round of money printing (QE1, QE2, QE3 plus a stealth QE4) that make the first few months of post-Lehman money printing seem puny by comparison. If the Fed begins to drain some of that money from the economy, then what? Businesses and investors have enjoyed a seemingly risk-free Garden of Eden, sponsored by the Fed, driving global investors away from low-yielding safety toward higher-yielding risk assets. If old and new risks rise from the ashes, where will that take investors? Plus, spurred by all of the above, we have witnessed the greatest speculative bubble in government bonds of all time. Will it bust? When? Who has learned the lessons of history? And what will be the ultimate consequences for those who did not? Stand by for my answers in the weeks and months ahead. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLF) was unchanged in premarket trading Monday. Year-to-date, XLF has gained 2.06%, versus a 5.46% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XLF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of B (Buy), and is ranked #13 of 38 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Money And Markets. Tags: Equity financial NYSE:XLF Categories: NYSE:XLF Read Next Trump’s Rollback Of Dodd-Frank Sets The Stage For New Financial Crisis Financial Sector’s Sudden Downturn Brings Bearish ETFs Into Focus Financial ETFs On The Rise After A Slew Of Banking Stock Earnings Largest Financial ETF Holds Up, Despite Wells Fargo Meltdown How Deutsche Bank Could Trigger a Global Financial Crisis Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Can The Dow Jones Industrial Average Build On Its 4.5% Q1 Gain? Model 3 Prospects Improve As Tesla’s Production Ramps Up These Charts Say That Stocks Are Unlikely To Pull Back Any Time Soon Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Silicom Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silicom Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys New Stake in Silicom Ltd (SILC) GSA Capital Partners LLP Continues to Hold Stake in Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPSS) Datalink Co. (DTLK) Shares Sold by GSA Capital Partners LLP Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 5,664 IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Two Sigma Investments LP Has $463,000 Stake in Chemed Co. (CHE) Two Sigma Investments LP Has $452,000 Position in Penn West Petroleum Ltd (PWE) Visa Inc (V) Position Boosted by Bienville Capital Management LLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) to Sell Janney Montgomery Scott Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Depomed Inc (DEPO) Credit Agricole Sa (CRARY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Criteo SA (CRTO) to Neutral Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Target Price at $36.00 Navios Maritime Midstream Partners LP (NAP) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) PT at $453.60 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Tristate Capital Holdings Inc (TSC) to Hold Deirdre Stanley Sells 9,393 Shares of Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Stock AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $362,600.00 in Stock Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys New Stake in Silicom Ltd (SILC) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new stake in Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 5,900 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $242,000. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Silicom by 7.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 33,372 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,382,000 after buying an additional 2,360 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Silicom by 23,951.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 62,533 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,589,000 after buying an additional 62,273 shares in the last quarter. G2 Investment Partners Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Silicom during the third quarter valued at $1,623,000. Susquehanna International Group LLP acquired a new stake in shares of Silicom during the third quarter valued at $224,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Silicom during the fourth quarter valued at $462,000. 24.95% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC) opened at 49.67 on Monday. Silicom Ltd has a 52 week low of $25.48 and a 52 week high of $50.00. The company has a 50 day moving average of $38.64 and a 200 day moving average of $39.24. The company has a market cap of $366.61 million, a PE ratio of 28.11 and a beta of 1.28. Silicom (NASDAQ:SILC) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Silicom had a net margin of 13.09% and a return on equity of 11.46%. The business had revenue of $28.33 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $27.44 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.86 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Silicom Ltd will post $2.54 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 27th will be paid a $1.00 dividend. This represents a yield of 2.58%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. Silicom’s dividend payout ratio is presently 56.50%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/gsa-capital-partners-llp-buys-new-stake-in-silicom-ltd-silc.html. Separately, Needham & Company LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Silicom from $50.00 to $56.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. About Silicom Silicom Ltd. (Silicom) is engaged in the design, manufacture, marketing and support of networking and data infrastructure solutions for a range of servers, server-based systems and communications devices. The Company’s products include server network interface cards with and without bypass (Server Adapters); Intelligent and programmable cards, with features, such as encryption, acceleration, data compression, redirection, time stamping, network capture solutions, field programmable gate array (FPGA) based ultra-low latency solutions, and/or other offload features and/or compute blades (Smart Cards), and standalone Products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SILC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC). Receive News & Ratings for Silicom Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silicom Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axsome Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axsome Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fmr LLC Reduces Stake in Axsome Therapeutics Inc (AXSM) Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) Stake Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fortis Inc. (FTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Mesoblast limited (MESO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Insider Sells C$770,069.30 in Stock Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (AAWW) Now Covered by Seaport Global Securities Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) PT Raised to GBX 420 Dollarama Inc Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.81 Per Share (DOL) Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Steris PLC (STE) Position Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Sells 117,168 Shares of TransUnion (TRU) Comerica Bank Has $497,000 Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 70,903 Shares of BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Investment Technology Group (ITG) Stake Reduced by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Fmr LLC Reduces Stake in Axsome Therapeutics Inc (AXSM) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fmr LLC decreased its position in shares of Axsome Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:AXSM) by 11.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 2,361,625 shares of the company’s stock after selling 311,760 shares during the period. Fmr LLC owned 0.12% of Axsome Therapeutics worth $15,941,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in AXSM. Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA bought a new position in Axsome Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $119,000. State Street Corp raised its position in Axsome Therapeutics by 6.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 134,688 shares of the company’s stock worth $908,000 after buying an additional 8,466 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Axsome Therapeutics by 0.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,592,856 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,552,000 after buying an additional 10,625 shares in the last quarter. 33.07% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Axsome Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:AXSM) opened at 3.90 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $4.53 and a 200-day moving average price of $6.20. The firm’s market capitalization is $74.86 million. Axsome Therapeutics Inc has a 1-year low of $3.55 and a 1-year high of $12.69. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Fmr LLC Reduces Stake in Axsome Therapeutics Inc (AXSM)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/fmr-llc-reduces-stake-in-axsome-therapeutics-inc-axsm.html. AXSM has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $13.00 price objective on Axsome Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Axsome Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Aegis reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Axsome Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Axsome Therapeutics Company Profile Axsome Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing therapies for the management of central nervous system (CNS) disorders, including pain. It operates in the business of developing novel therapies for the management of CNS disorders segment. Its product candidate, AXS-02 (disodium zoledronate tetrahydrate), is an oral, targeted, non opioid therapeutic for chronic pain. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXSM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Axsome Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:AXSM). Receive News & Ratings for Axsome Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axsome Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Encore Wire Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encore Wire Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 39,690 Shares in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Encore Wire Co. (WIRE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Lowers Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in California Resources Corp (CRC) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Centrica PLC (CNA) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Centaur Media Plc (CAU) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) National Grid plc (NG) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) VP Sells $2,215,000.00 in Stock Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Director Sells $1,904,500.00 in Stock Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas BNP Paribas Reiterates Neutral Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) FMC Corp’s (FMC) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Redrow plc (RDW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Matomy Media Group Ltd (MTMY) Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Encore Wire Co. (WIRE) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System maintained its stake in Encore Wire Co. (NASDAQ:WIRE) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 14,685 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System’s holdings in Encore Wire were worth $637,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in Encore Wire by 5.0% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 11,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $419,000 after buying an additional 540 shares in the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in Encore Wire by 4.6% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 27,379 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,007,000 after buying an additional 1,202 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Encore Wire by 2.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 14,334 shares of the company’s stock valued at $527,000 after buying an additional 288 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in Encore Wire by 2.2% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 7,560 shares of the company’s stock valued at $278,000 after buying an additional 163 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Encore Wire by 49.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 46,810 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,721,000 after buying an additional 15,414 shares in the last quarter. 88.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Encore Wire Co. (NASDAQ:WIRE) opened at 46.00 on Monday. Encore Wire Co. has a 52 week low of $33.70 and a 52 week high of $49.75. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $45.75 and a 200 day moving average of $41.30. The firm has a market capitalization of $953.86 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.22 and a beta of 2.04. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a dividend of $0.02 per share. This represents a $0.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.17%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. Encore Wire’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 4.97%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Encore Wire Co. (WIRE)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-holds-stake-in-encore-wire-co-wire.html. WIRE has been the topic of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Encore Wire from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Encore Wire from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Encore Wire currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $49.33. In other news, VP Frank J. Bilban sold 27,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $48.59, for a total transaction of $1,336,225.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 81,250 shares in the company, valued at $3,947,937.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 3.80% of the company’s stock. About Encore Wire Encore Wire Corporation is a manufacturer of electrical building wire and cable. The Company is a supplier of building wire for interior electrical wiring in commercial and industrial buildings, homes, apartments, and manufactured housing. The Company manufactures electric building wire, principally NM-B cable, for use primarily as interior wiring in homes, apartments and manufactured housing, and THHN/THWN-2 cable and metal-clad and armored cable for use primarily as wiring in commercial and industrial buildings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WIRE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Encore Wire Co. (NASDAQ:WIRE). Receive News & Ratings for Encore Wire Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encore Wire Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Centrica PLC (CNA) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Centaur Media Plc (CAU) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) National Grid plc (NG) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) VP Sells $2,215,000.00 in Stock Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Director Sells $1,904,500.00 in Stock Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas BNP Paribas Reiterates Neutral Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) FMC Corp’s (FMC) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Redrow plc (RDW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Matomy Media Group Ltd (MTMY) Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Carillion plc (CLLN) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Insider Selling: HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) SVP Sells $2,876,040.00 in Stock Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON: LLOY): 4/3/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 82 ($1.03) to GBX 86 ($1.08). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 60 ($0.75) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 4/2/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a GBX 55 ($0.69) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a GBX 80 ($1.01) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 70 ($0.88) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 52 ($0.65) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was downgraded by analysts at Berenberg Bank to a “sell” rating. They now have a GBX 55 ($0.69) price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 65 ($0.82) price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. 3/20/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/16/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 57 ($0.72) price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 70 ($0.88) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 68 ($0.85) to GBX 70 ($0.88). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 60 ($0.75) price target on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 68 ($0.85) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a GBX 90 ($1.13) price target on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 90 ($1.13) price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Beaufort Securities. They now have a GBX 80 ($1.01) price target on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 75 ($0.94) to GBX 80 ($1.01). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 68 ($0.85) price target on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 75 ($0.94) to GBX 80 ($1.01). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 75 ($0.94) price target on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 80 ($1.01) price target on by analysts at S&P Global. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 2/20/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 60 ($0.75) price target on the stock. 2/16/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 65 ($0.82) to GBX 68 ($0.85). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/16/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was given a new GBX 80 ($1.01) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/14/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 75 ($0.94) price target on the stock. 2/6/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 68 ($0.85) price target on the stock. 2/6/2017 – Lloyds Banking Group PLC was upgraded by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 75 ($0.94) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 60 ($0.75). Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 66.3244 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 67.89 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 61.94. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 46.83 billion. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 47.10 and a 12 month high of GBX 74.00. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 2.20 ($0.03) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This is an increase from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. In related news, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.87), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($126,456.35). Over the last quarter, insiders have purchased 784 shares of company stock valued at $52,758. Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Centrica PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centrica PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Centrica PLC (CNA) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Centaur Media Plc (CAU) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) National Grid plc (NG) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) VP Sells $2,215,000.00 in Stock Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Director Sells $1,904,500.00 in Stock Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas BNP Paribas Reiterates Neutral Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) FMC Corp’s (FMC) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Redrow plc (RDW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Matomy Media Group Ltd (MTMY) Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Carillion plc (CLLN) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Insider Selling: HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) SVP Sells $2,876,040.00 in Stock Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Centrica PLC (CNA) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Centrica PLC (LON: CNA) recently: 3/30/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 210 ($2.64) price target on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 214 ($2.69) price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.14) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 190 ($2.39) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Centrica PLC was downgraded by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc to a “reduce” rating. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.51) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 225 ($2.83). 3/15/2017 – Centrica PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 218 ($2.74) to GBX 214 ($2.69). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/14/2017 – Centrica PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at Morgan Stanley from GBX 235 ($2.95) to GBX 215 ($2.70). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Centrica PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 260 ($3.27) to GBX 265 ($3.33). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/7/2017 – Centrica PLC was downgraded by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 230 ($2.89) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 255 ($3.20). 3/7/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 180 ($2.26) price target on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 190 ($2.39) price target on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. 2/27/2017 – Centrica PLC had its price target raised by analysts at BNP Paribas from GBX 240 ($3.02) to GBX 250 ($3.14). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/21/2017 – Centrica PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 250 ($3.14) to GBX 260 ($3.27). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 2/10/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 180 ($2.26) price target on the stock. 2/9/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a GBX 300 ($3.77) price target on the stock. 2/9/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a GBX 280 ($3.52) price target on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Centrica PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 255 ($3.20) price target on the stock. Shares of Centrica PLC (LON:CNA) opened at 215.50 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 11.81 billion. Centrica PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 195.18 and a 1-year high of GBX 248.39. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 224.40 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 221.39. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of GBX 8.40 ($0.11) per share. This is an increase from Centrica PLC’s previous dividend of $3.60. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.72%. In other news, insider Stephen Pusey purchased 1,083 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 216 ($2.71) per share, with a total value of £2,339.28 ($2,939.90). Also, insider Margherita D. Valle purchased 874 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 24th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 227 ($2.85) per share, for a total transaction of £1,983.98 ($2,493.38). Insiders have bought a total of 3,036 shares of company stock worth $675,863 in the last three months. Centrica plc is an integrated energy company. The Company operates through three segments: International Downstream, International Upstream and Centrica Storage. It offers Hive Active Heating 2, which is an advancement of its smart thermostat. The International Downstream segment includes the operations of British Gas, Direct Energy and Bord Gais Energy. Receive News & Ratings for Centrica PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centrica PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital & Regional plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital & Regional plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital & Regional plc (CAL) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Card Factory PLC (CARD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Bgeo Group PLC (BGEO) Price Target Cut to GBX 395 Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Earns “Hold” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Ramaco Resources Inc (METC) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.85 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Gabelli Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Lindsay Co. (LNN) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Energy Transfer Partners LP’s FY2017 Earnings (ETP) Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald General Motors Company (GM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Tigress Financial Accelerize Inc (ACLZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC) Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Earns Sell Rating from Analysts at Shore Capital Stagecoach Group plc (SGC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas Brokers Issue Forecasts for Intertain Group Ltd.’s FY2017 Earnings (IT) Shore Capital Reiterates “house stock” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Capital & Regional plc (CAL) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their overweight rating on shares of Capital & Regional plc (LON:CAL) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. They currently have a GBX 75 ($0.94) target price on the real estate investment trust’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on CAL. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of Capital & Regional plc to a buy rating and decreased their target price for the company from GBX 69 ($0.87) to GBX 66 ($0.83) in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 76 ($0.96) target price on shares of Capital & Regional plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 58 ($0.73) target price on shares of Capital & Regional plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Shares of Capital & Regional plc (LON:CAL) opened at 56.50 on Wednesday. Capital & Regional plc has a 12 month low of GBX 43.58 and a 12 month high of GBX 66.54. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 57.97 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 57.13. The company’s market cap is GBX 395.73 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/capital-regional-plc-cal-earns-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a GBX 1.77 ($0.02) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.97%. This is a boost from Capital & Regional plc’s previous dividend of $1.62. In related news, insider Tony Hales purchased 100,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 60 ($0.75) per share, with a total value of £60,000 ($75,405.30). Also, insider Hugh Scott-Barrett purchased 158,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 59 ($0.74) per share, with a total value of £93,322.66 ($117,283.73). About Capital & Regional plc Capital & Regional plc is a specialist real estate investment trust with a portfolio of in-town community shopping centers. The Company’s segments are Wholly-owned assets, Other UK Shopping Centres, Snozone and Group/Central. The Wholly-owned assets and Other UK Shopping Centres segments engage in the rental of investment properties. Receive News & Ratings for Capital & Regional plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital & Regional plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /columns/04 April 2017. 8am /columns/04 April 2017. 8am /columns/04 April 2017. 8am /columns/04 April 2017. 8am Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - US markets closed lower on Friday, led by losses in financial sector stocks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:18 03 Apr 2017 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished in negative territory on Friday, weighed down by a slump in mining sector stocks. Miners, Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Anglo American declined 2.5%, 2.9% and 3.4%, respectively, amid lower metal prices. Energy giants, BP and Royal Dutch Shell dropped 0.9% and 1.3%, respectively, tracking losses in oil prices. On the flipside, National Grid added 0.8%, after the company announced that it sold 61.0% of its equity interest in its UK gas distribution business to a consortium of long-term infrastructure investors. BT Group gained 0.4%, after the UK’s communications regulator announced that it could force the company to reduce its price that can be charged by its Openreach to other rivals for its popular superfast broadband service to protect customers and promote competition. The FTSE 100 declined 0.6%, to close at 7,322.9, while the FTSE 250 fell 0.2%, to settle at 18,971.8. US Market Snapshot US markets closed lower on Friday, led by losses in financial sector stocks. Banks, Goldman Sachs Group, Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase dropped 0.7%, 1.2% and 1.3%, respectively. NantHealth declined 2.6%, after the company posted downbeat revenue for the fourth quarter. Oil stocks, Chevron and Exxon Mobil slid 0.4% and 2.0%, respectively. Bucking the trend, Akari Therapeutics rallied 58.5%, after the company was granted a “fast-track” designation to one of its treatments by the US FDA. FMC surged 13.2%, after EI du Pont de Nemours, down 1.6%, announced that it would sell its crop protection business to the former for $1.2 billion in cash and FMC Health and Nutrition. BlackBerry soared 11.5%, after the company reported better than expected fourth quarter profit. The S&P 500 slipped 0.2%, to settle at 2,362.7. The DJIA shed 0.3%, to settle at 20,663.2, while the NASDAQ marginally fell, to close at 5,911.7. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the green on Friday, as the Euro-zone’s consumer price inflation fell more than expected in March, adding pressure on the European Central Bank to continue with its monetary stimulus measures. Phoenix Solar surged 6.7%, after the company posted positive EBIT for 2016 and projected strong revenue and earnings growth for 2017. Siemens added 0.5%, after the company closed acquisition deal of Mentor Graphics. On the losing side, Genmab tumbled 5.0%, after the company’s partner, Janssen Pharmaceutical, made a decision that it would not start the second stage of a study of its key drug. Geberit dropped 1.7%, after a leading broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Neutral’ from ‘Buy’. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.2%, to close at 1,503.0. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.5%, to close at 12,312.9, while the French CAC-40 advanced 0.6%, to settle at 5,122.5. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning, ahead of the US President, Donal Trump’s meeting with Chinese President, Xi Jinping, held later this week. In Japan, food companies, Suntory Beverage & Food, Ajinomoto and MEIJI Holdings have advanced 1.7%, 1.9% and 2.3%, respectively. On the contrary, Toshiba has tumbled 4.6%, after reports indicated that the company could miss the third deadline to report its quarterly business result. In Hong Kong, gaming stocks, Galaxy Entertainment Group, Sands China and Melco International Development have climbed 0.2%, 0.3% and 1.6%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and SK Hynix have risen 0.7%, 0.9% and 2.0%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.4% higher at 18,977.4. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.4% up at 24,215.3, while the Kospi index is trading 0.2% higher at 2,164.1. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs CVC Credit Partners European Opportunities Ltd GBP EGMs Cyanconnode Holdings, IGas Energy Final Dividend Payment Date Foresight VCT, RSA Ins 7 3/8%pf Interim Ex-Dividend Date Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA Interim Dividend Payment Date Concurrent Technologies, Tritax Big Box Reit, WYG Trading Announcements Renew Holdings Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs TORM Final Dividend Payment Date Apax Global Alpha Limited, Greencore Group, Rights & Issues Inv Trust Income Shares, St. Modwen Properties Interim Dividend Payment Date Autins Group, Pennon Group, Stewart & Wight Quarterly Payment Date Blackrock North American Income Trust Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date JP Morgan Chase & Co Trading Announcements Topps Tiles Key Economic News UK house prices advanced less than expected in March The non-seasonally adjusted house prices climbed 3.50% on an annual basis in March, in the UK, compared to an advance of 4.50% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating house prices to climb 4.00%. UK total business investment fell as expected in 4Q 2016 In 4Q 2016, on an annual basis, the final total business investment in the UK registered a drop of 0.90%, meeting market expectations. The preliminary figures had also recorded a fall of 0.90%. In the prior quarter, total business investment had registered a drop of 2.30%. UK GDP advanced less than expected in 4Q 2016 The final gross domestic product (GDP) climbed 1.90% on a YoY basis in the UK, in 4Q 2016, compared to an advance of 2.20% in the previous quarter. Markets were anticipating GDP to advance 2.00%. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise of 2.00%. UK current account deficit fell in 4Q 2016 The UK has registered current account deficit of £12.10 billion in 4Q 2016, compared to a revised current account deficit of £25.70 billion in the previous quarter. Market anticipation was for the nation to register a current account deficit of £16.00 billion. UK GDP rose as expected in 4Q 2016 In 4Q 2016, on a QoQ basis, the final GDP in the UK advanced 0.70%, at par with market expectations. GDP had climbed 0.60% in the previous quarter. The preliminary figures had also indicated an advance of 0.70%. UK index of services surprisingly dropped in January The index of services in the UK unexpectedly eased 0.10% in January on a MoM basis, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.20%. In the previous month, the index of services had climbed 0.20%. UK house prices surprisingly eased in March On a monthly basis, in March, the seasonally adjusted house prices unexpectedly fell 0.30% in the UK, compared to a rise of 0.60% in the prior month. Market expectation was for house prices to climb 0.30%. UK total business investment declined less than expected in 4Q 2016 On a QoQ basis, the final total business investment recorded a drop of 0.90% in 4Q 2016, in the UK, lower than market expectations for a drop of 1.00%. The preliminary figures had recorded a drop of 1.00%. In the prior quarter, total business investment had climbed 0.70%. UK index of services rose less than expected in January On a monthly basis, the index of services in the UK rose 0.60% in January, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.70%. In the October-December 2016 period, the index of services had risen 0.80%. Euro-zone core CPI rose less than expected in March In March, on a YoY basis, the flash core consumer price index (CPI) rose 0.70% in the Euro-zone, compared to a rise of 0.90% in the prior month. Markets were expecting the core CPI to rise 0.80%. Euro-zone CPI advanced less than expected in March In the Euro-zone, the preliminary CPI advanced 1.50% on a YoY basis in March, less than market expectations for an advance of 1.80%. In the prior month, the CPI had registered a rise of 2.00%. German unemployment rate surprisingly eased in March The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate dropped unexpectedly to 5.80% in March, in Germany, compared to a level of 5.90% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating unemployment rate to remain unchanged. German retail sales unexpectedly dropped in February In February, retail sales in Germany registered an unexpected drop of 2.10% on a YoY basis, less than market expectations for an advance of 0.40%. In the prior month, retail sales had recorded a revised rise of 2.70%. German number of people unemployed dropped more than expected in March The number of people unemployed in Germany registered a drop of 30.00 K in March, compared to a revised drop of 15.00 K in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the number of people unemployed to ease 10.00 K. German retail sales rose more than expected in February In February, on a MoM basis, retail sales advanced 1.80% in Germany, more than market expectations for an advance of 0.70%. In the prior month, retail sales had dropped by a revised 1.00%. French EU normalised CPI rose as expected in March In March, on a MoM basis, the flash EU normalised CPI in France registered a rise of 0.70%, at par with market expectations. In the prior month, EU normalised CPI had climbed 0.20%. French CPI (ex-tobacco) advanced less than expected in March In March, on a monthly basis, the preliminary CPI (ex-tobacco) recorded a rise of 0.60% in France, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.70%. In the prior month, the CPI (ex-tobacco) had risen 0.10%. French PPI eased in February The producer price index (PPI) in France slid 0.20% on a monthly basis, in February. In the previous month, the PPI had risen by a revised 1.00%. French CPI (ex-tobacco) rose less than expected in March The preliminary CPI (ex-tobacco) in France advanced 1.10% on a YoY basis in March, lower than market expectations for an advance of 1.20%. In the prior month, the CPI (ex-tobacco) had advanced 1.20%. French consumer spending surprisingly eased in February On a monthly basis, consumer spending unexpectedly dropped 0.80% in France, in February, lower than market expectations for an advance of 0.10%. In the prior month, consumer spending had registered a rise of 0.60%. Italian CPI remained steady in March On a MoM basis in March, the flash CPI remained unchanged in Italy, less than market expectations for a rise of 0.10%. In the previous month, the CPI had risen 0.30%. Italian EU normalised CPI advanced less than expected in March In March, on a monthly basis, the flash EU normalised CPI advanced 1.80% in Italy, lower than market expectations for an advance of 2.10%. The EU normalised CPI had climbed 0.20% in the prior month. Italian PPI recorded a rise in February The PPI climbed 0.30% in Italy on a MoM basis, in February. In the prior month, the PPI had climbed by a revised 1.20%. Italian PPI climbed in February On an annual basis, the PPI climbed 3.70% in February, in Italy. In the previous month, the PPI had climbed by a revised 2.90%. Spanish retail sales remained unchanged in February On a YoY basis, retail sales in Spain remained flat in February, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.90%. In the previous month, retail sales had recorded a rise of 0.10%. Spanish current account surplus dropped in January Current account surplus in Spain narrowed to € 0.40 billion in January. Spain had reported a revised current account surplus of € 3.60 billion in the prior month. US core personal consumption expenditure rose as expected in February In February, on a MoM basis, core personal consumption expenditure in the US climbed 0.20%, at par with market expectations. Core personal consumption expenditure had registered a rise of 0.30% in the prior month. US personal income advanced as expected in February On a MoM basis, in the US, personal income recorded a rise of 0.40% in February, at par with market expectations. In the previous month, personal income had registered a revised rise of 0.50%. US Chicago Fed purchasing managers index unexpectedly advanced in March Compared to a reading of 57.40 in the previous month the Chicago Fed purchasing managers index rose unexpectedly to 57.70 in March, in the US. Markets were anticipating the Chicago Fed purchasing managers index to ease to a level of 56.90. US Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index registered a rise in March In March, the final Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index in the US climbed to 96.90, compared to a reading of 96.30 in the previous month. The preliminary figures had recorded an advance to 97.60. Markets were anticipating the Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index to rise to a level of 97.60. US personal consumption expenditure deflator advanced as expected in February In February, on a MoM basis, personal consumption expenditure deflator climbed 0.10% in the US, at par with market expectations. Personal consumption expenditure deflator had advanced 0.40% in the previous month. US personal consumption expenditure deflator advanced as expected in February In the US, personal consumption expenditure deflator registered a rise of 2.10% on an annual basis in February, in line with market expectations. In the previous month, personal consumption expenditure deflator had climbed 1.90%. US personal spending advanced less than expected in February In February, personal spending rose 0.10% on a MoM basis in the US, less than market expectations for a rise of 0.20%. In the previous month, personal spending had registered a rise of 0.20%. US core personal consumption expenditure rose more than expected in February On a YoY basis in the US, core personal consumption expenditure recorded a rise of 1.80% in February, compared to a revised similar rise in the previous month. Market anticipation was for core personal consumption expenditure to climb 1.70%. Canadian GDP rose more than expected in January In Canada, the gross domestic product rose 2.30% in January on a YoY basis, more than market expectations for an advance of 1.90%. The GDP had recorded a revised rise of 2.10% in the previous month. Canadian GDP advanced more than expected in January The GDP rose 0.60% in Canada on a MoM basis in January, compared to a rise of 0.30% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the GDP to climb 0.30%. Japanese Tankan large manufacturing outlook index rose in 1Q 2017 In Japan, the Tankan large manufacturing outlook index recorded a rise to 11.00 in 1Q 2017, compared to market expectations of an advance to a level of 13.00. The Tankan large manufacturing outlook index had recorded a level of 8.00 in the prior quarter. Japanese Tankan large manufacturing index climbed in 1Q 2017 The Tankan large manufacturing index advanced to 12.00 in Japan, in 1Q 2017, compared to market expectations of an advance to 14.00. In the previous quarter, the Tankan large manufacturing index had recorded a reading of 10.00. Japanese annualised housing starts eased in February The annualised housing starts dropped to 0.94 mn units in February, in Japan, lower than market expectations of a drop to a level of 0.95 mn units. In the prior month, the annualised housing starts had recorded a reading of 1.00 mn units. Japanese Tankan non-manufacturing index recorded a rise in 1Q 2017 The Tankan non-manufacturing index recorded a rise to 20.00 in 1Q 2017, in Japan, compared to a level of 18.00 in the previous quarter. Markets were expecting the Tankan non-manufacturing index to advance to 19.00. Japanese construction orders advanced in February Construction orders advanced 5.70% on an annual basis in Japan, in February. In the prior month, construction orders had risen 1.10%. Japanese Tankan large all industry capex surprisingly rose in 1Q 2017 Tankan large all industry capex in Japan unexpectedly climbed 0.60% in 1Q 2017 on a QoQ basis, more than market expectations for a drop of 0.30%. Tankan large all industry capex had registered a rise of 5.50% in the previous quarter. Japanese Tankan non-manufacturing outlook index steadied in 1Q 2017 The Tankan non-manufacturing outlook index remained flat at 16.00 in 1Q 2017, in Japan, lower than market expectations of a rise to 19.00. Japanese manufacturing PMI slid in March In March, the final manufacturing PMI registered a drop to 52.40 in Japan, compared to a level of 53.30 in the prior month. The preliminary figures had recorded a drop to 52.60. Japanese housing starts fell more than expected in February On a YoY basis, housing starts eased 2.60% in February, in Japan, compared to an advance of 12.80% in the prior month. Market anticipation was for housing starts to fall 1.40%. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT ETF Focus How to Make Sense of Europe ETFs Investing in Europe is starting to look appealing—especially in the financial sector. But investors need to look at the sector allocation and hedging strategies of Europe ETFs. By Crystal Kim Biography April 1, 2017 The United Kingdom government invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on Wednesday, triggering a two-year countdown for the U.K. and the European Union to agree on terms. The headlines are calling it a divorce, but on Wall Street, Brexit appears to be more of a conscious uncoupling, as European stock indexes rose slightly. As fears of political and economic instability in Europe have waned, the bulls are running. Some $1.5 billion has gone into Europe-focused exchange-traded funds in the last week, the largest inflow in... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour: Who’s Right? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Amazon, Facebook Can Ride the Great Tech Boom Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Bristol-Myers May Be Hedging on IO Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Double Standard for Self-Driving Cars? 2 Barron's Bounce: CarMax in the Crusher 3 How to Cut Your Credit-Card Fees Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Lowered to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Basf Se (BAS) Given a €66.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €61.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Everspin Technologies Inc’s Lock-Up Period Set To Expire Tomorrow (NASDAQ:MRAM) Insider Selling: Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Insider Sells £26,334 in Stock Monsanto Company (MON) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday CASI Pharmaceuticals Inc (CASI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Sibanye Gold Ltd (SBGL) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.19 on April 20th Northern Oil & Gas, Inc. (NOG) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) Given a €210.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) PT Set at €217.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc equinet AG Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €174.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) PT Set at €152.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given a €17.50 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts Vector Group Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (VGR) Analysts Expect Orthofix International NV (OFIX) to Announce $0.27 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Neogen Co. (NEOG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €101.00 ($107.45) target price on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. BAS has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($117.02) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €99.00 ($105.32) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €75.00 ($79.79) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, DZ Bank AG reiterated a buy rating on shares of Basf Se in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €90.19 ($95.94). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 92.954 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €89.90 and a 200-day moving average price of €84.41. Basf Se has a 1-year low of €61.63 and a 1-year high of €93.75. The firm has a market capitalization of €85.38 billion and a PE ratio of 21.078. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/basf-se-bas-given-a-101-00-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Lowered to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Basf Se (BAS) Given a €66.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €61.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Everspin Technologies Inc’s Lock-Up Period Set To Expire Tomorrow (NASDAQ:MRAM) Insider Selling: Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Insider Sells £26,334 in Stock Monsanto Company (MON) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday CASI Pharmaceuticals Inc (CASI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Sibanye Gold Ltd (SBGL) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.19 on April 20th Northern Oil & Gas, Inc. (NOG) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) Given a €210.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) PT Set at €217.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc equinet AG Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €174.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) PT Set at €152.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given a €17.50 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts Vector Group Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (VGR) Analysts Expect Orthofix International NV (OFIX) to Announce $0.27 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Neogen Co. (NEOG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Basf Se (BAS) Given a €66.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Basf Se (ETR:BAS) received a €66.00 ($70.21) target price from equities researchers at Sanford C. Bernstein in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The firm presently has a “sell” rating on the stock. BAS has been the topic of several other research reports. Societe Generale set a €102.00 ($108.51) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($87.23) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Macquarie set a €95.00 ($101.06) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €92.00 ($97.87) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. Basf Se currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €90.19 ($95.94). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 92.954 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €89.90 and its 200 day moving average price is €84.41. The company has a market cap of €85.38 billion and a P/E ratio of 21.078. Basf Se has a 52-week low of €61.63 and a 52-week high of €93.75. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Basf Se (BAS) Given a €66.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/basf-se-bas-given-a-66-00-price-target-by-sanford-c-bernstein-analysts.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wall Street's outgoing regulatory czar: Leave Dodd-Frank alone - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Wall Street's outgoing regulatory czar: Leave Dodd-Frank alone Posted: Tuesday, April 4, 2017 12:32 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, April 4, 2017 12:33 AM EDT By Donna Borak WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- The Federal Reserve's regulatory czar departs Wednesday, potentially clearing a path for President Trump to loosen the rules governing Wall Street. But before Daniel Tarullo walks out the door of the U.S. central bank, he'll have some parting advice for the Trump administration: Leave Dodd-Frank alone. In his final speech at Princeton University on Tuesday, the outgoing Fed governor is expected to object to any effort by the White House to weaken the rules that regulate the country's banks, making the case that American taxpayers shouldn't bear the risk of fewer safeguards protecting the financial system. Appointed by President Obama in 2009, Tarullo has cemented his status as the Fed's key voice on bank supervision. For the past eight years, the 64-year old Massachusetts native has spearheaded efforts to impose tighter restrictions on U.S. banks in order to avert a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. He led the charge in requiring banks to undergo a yearly stress test to ensure firms can continue to lend even at the brink of a meltdown. He's also pressed for the biggest U.S. banks to hold higher amounts of better quality capital. Wall Street has often depicted Tarullo as a tyrant, arguing tougher rules have crimped lending and stifled economic growth. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon have been pushing for changes for years, arguing the industry has been too constrained by the 2010 regulatory reform law. Raised in Woburn, Massachusetts, Tarullo grew up in a predominantly Italian and Irish middle-class suburb of Boston and graduated from Roxbury Latin School in 1969. He attended Georgetown University and went on to receive a law degree from the University of Michigan. In 1981, he paused his law practice in Washington to teach at Harvard Law School. He later returned to D.C. to advise Senator Edward Kennedy on employment and labor market issues and would later work in the Clinton White House in various economic policy roles. A pivotal moment in Tarullo's career came as he was getting ready to leave the Clinton White House. Discussions were beginning about crafting a bill that would replace the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law separating commercial and investment banks. It was then that he began to worry about how the financial industry was being regulated. His intellectual curiosity shifted to bank capital: the only regulatory instrument he believed policymakers had control over. It would become the focus of his work at Georgetown and the subject of his book. In 2005, Tarullo met then-Illinois Senator Barack Obama at an informal policy dinner, and gradually became an important resource for the campaign's policy staff as it became clear a full blown financial crisis was imminent. Tarullo's influence would help shape one of the two speeches Obama would give days after the 2008 collapse of Bear Sterns -- laying the groundwork for what eventually would become Dodd-Frank. After helping to lead the new president's economic transition team, Obama nominated Tarullo to a 14-year term as a member of the board of governors. In May 2009, just months after arriving at the Fed, he would play an instrumental role in the first round of stress tests conducted on the largest U.S. banks. Tarullo then argued that the Fed should release the results to the public to allay market fears of how badly the banks were faring at the time. It was a risky and controversial decision, but it laid the groundwork for the Fed's annual stress tests. Tarullo's departure Wednesday will give Trump, who has called the Dodd-Frank reform of Wall Street a "disaster," greater rein to fill the vacancy with an official who will offer a lighter touch when it comes to overseeing the banks. In addition to Tarullo's seat, Trump will also have the chance to fill two other vacancies on the board, along with one more early next year when Janet Yellen's term as chairwoman expires. But Karen Shaw Petrou, a managing partner at policy analysis firm Federal Financial Analytics, said any proposed changes would stop short of a complete overhaul. "Even if the Trump administration's appointees to the Fed seek to dismantle much of this -- and I suspect they will -- change will take time and only partially restructure the rules that have totally redefined American finance," Petrou told CNNMoney. In February, Trump signed an executive order, setting into motion the administration's game plan for scaling back what he views as overly burdensome financial rules. Trump's order for a regulatory review won't roll back regulations by itself. Congress will need to approve some policy changes, while others will need to be implemented by financial regulators the president hasn't appointed yet. Still, that hasn't kept the president from repeating his campaign promise to dismantle the reform law. "We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can't borrow money," Trump said at the signing. "They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." The Trump administration has singled out one provision of Dodd-Frank: the Volcker Rule, which bans the largest banks from taking bets with taxpayer money as a target. Two other potential marks: the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a requirement that advisers on retirement accounts work in the best interest of their clients. And while Tarullo has agreed there's room for debate on alleviating burdens on community banks and debating whether additional measures on the largest banks is appropriate, he has said a complete unwind of the reform law is out of question. The Fed governor hasn't announced what his next role will be. For now, he'll return to Boston for several weeks as a distinguished fellow at MIT's Golub Center for Finance and Policy. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Wall Street’s outgoing regulatory czar: Leave Dodd-Frank alone Wall Street’s outgoing regulatory czar: Leave Dodd-Frank alone Posted on Tuesday, April 4, 2017 by CNN in Business News The Federal Reserve’s regulatory czar departs Wednesday, potentially clearing a path for President Trump to loosen the rules governing Wall Street. But before Daniel Tarullo walks out the door of the U.S. central bank, he’ll have some parting advice for the Trump administration: Leave Dodd-Frank alone. In his final speech at Princeton University on Tuesday, the outgoing Fed governor is expected to object to any effort by the White House to weaken the rules that regulate the country’s banks, making the case that American taxpayers shouldn’t bear the risk of fewer safeguards protecting the financial system. Appointed by President Obama in 2009, Tarullo has cemented his status as the Fed’s key voice on bank supervision. For the past eight years, the 64-year old Massachusetts native has spearheaded efforts to impose tighter restrictions on U.S. banks in order to avert a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. He led the charge in requiring banks to undergo a yearly stress test to ensure firms can continue to lend even at the brink of a meltdown. He’s also pressed for the biggest U.S. banks to hold higher amounts of better quality capital. Wall Street has often depicted Tarullo as a tyrant, arguing tougher rules have crimped lending and stifled economic growth. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon have been pushing for changes for years, arguing the industry has been too constrained by the 2010 regulatory reform law. Raised in Woburn, Massachusetts, Tarullo grew up in a predominantly Italian and Irish middle-class suburb of Boston and graduated from Roxbury Latin School in 1969. He attended Georgetown University and went on to receive a law degree from the University of Michigan. In 1981, he paused his law practice in Washington to teach at Harvard Law School. He later returned to D.C. to advise Senator Edward Kennedy on employment and labor market issues and would later work in the Clinton White House in various economic policy roles. A pivotal moment in Tarullo’s career came as he was getting ready to leave the Clinton White House. Discussions were beginning about crafting a bill that would replace the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law separating commercial and investment banks. It was then that he began to worry about how the financial industry was being regulated. His intellectual curiosity shifted to bank capital: the only regulatory instrument he believed policymakers had control over. It would become the focus of his work at Georgetown and the subject of his book. In 2005, Tarullo met then-Illinois Senator Barack Obama at an informal policy dinner, and gradually became an important resource for the campaign’s policy staff as it became clear a full blown financial crisis was imminent. Tarullo’s influence would help shape one of the two speeches Obama would give days after the 2008 collapse of Bear Sterns — laying the groundwork for what eventually would become Dodd-Frank. After helping to lead the new president’s economic transition team, Obama nominated Tarullo to a 14-year term as a member of the board of governors. In May 2009, just months after arriving at the Fed, he would play an instrumental role in the first round of stress tests conducted on the largest U.S. banks. Tarullo then argued that the Fed should release the results to the public to allay market fears of how badly the banks were faring at the time. It was a risky and controversial decision, but it laid the groundwork for the Fed’s annual stress tests. Tarullo’s departure Wednesday will give Trump, who has called the Dodd-Frank reform of Wall Street a “disaster,” greater rein to fill the vacancy with an official who will offer a lighter touch when it comes to overseeing the banks. In addition to Tarullo’s seat, Trump will also have the chance to fill two other vacancies on the board, along with one more early next year when Janet Yellen’s term as chairwoman expires. But Karen Shaw Petrou, a managing partner at policy analysis firm Federal Financial Analytics, said any proposed changes would stop short of a complete overhaul. “Even if the Trump administration’s appointees to the Fed seek to dismantle much of this — and I suspect they will — change will take time and only partially restructure the rules that have totally redefined American finance,” Petrou told CNNMoney. In February, Trump signed an executive order, setting into motion the administration’s game plan for scaling back what he views as overly burdensome financial rules. Trump’s order for a regulatory review won’t roll back regulations by itself. Congress will need to approve some policy changes, while others will need to be implemented by financial regulators the president hasn’t appointed yet. Still, that hasn’t kept the president from repeating his campaign promise to dismantle the reform law. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money,” Trump said at the signing. “They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” The Trump administration has singled out one provision of Dodd-Frank: the Volcker Rule, which bans the largest banks from taking bets with taxpayer money as a target. Two other potential marks: the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a requirement that advisers on retirement accounts work in the best interest of their clients. And while Tarullo has agreed there’s room for debate on alleviating burdens on community banks and debating whether additional measures on the largest banks is appropriate, he has said a complete unwind of the reform law is out of question. The Fed governor hasn’t announced what his next role will be. For now, he’ll return to Boston for several weeks as a distinguished fellow at MIT’s Golub Center for Finance and Policy. Warren Buffett is the face of Cherry Coke in China 5 things to know about the gender pay gap Related Posts Currency comeback? Losers rally on oil hopes Uber rivals band together to form international alliance Texas is in danger of a recession Nissan-Mitsubishi: A new rival for GM and Toyota? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alliance Data Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliance Data Systems (ADS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Advantage Oil & Gas (AAV) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Insider Buying: Swift Energy Co Com (SWTF) CFO Purchases 605 Shares of Stock Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Director Purchases $65,000.00 in Stock InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) EVP Sells $42,875.00 in Stock John Sabin Buys 2,077 Shares of Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (CDOR) Stock AgroFresh Solutions (AGFS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Ambev SA (ABEV) Getting Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Analysis Finds John A. Kite Sells 25,000 Shares of Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Stock Insider Selling: TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) President Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Red Hat Inc (RHT) Director William S. Kaiser Sells 25,000 Shares Zagg (ZAGG) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Wave Life Sciences (WVE) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Stock Price Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earning Negative News Coverage, Study Finds Ambev SA (ABEV) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Alliance Data Systems (ADS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) have trended somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne reports. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Alliance Data Systems earned a coverage optimism score of 0.05 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about Alliance Data Systems an impact score of 83 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on ADS. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $278.00 target price on shares of Alliance Data Systems in a research note on Friday, March 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Alliance Data Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $260.00 to $255.00 in a research note on Friday, December 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Alliance Data Systems from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $266.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Alliance Data Systems to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $163.00 target price on shares of Alliance Data Systems in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $241.09. Shares of Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) traded up 0.53% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $250.33. 732,673 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $14.00 billion, a PE ratio of 34.10 and a beta of 1.65. Alliance Data Systems has a one year low of $185.02 and a one year high of $251.26. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $242.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $226.59. Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $4.67 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.66 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $1.83 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.94 billion. Alliance Data Systems had a net margin of 7.23% and a return on equity of 54.59%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $4.13 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Alliance Data Systems will post $18.51 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th were issued a $0.52 dividend. This represents a $2.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.83%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 13th. Alliance Data Systems’s dividend payout ratio is currently 28.42%. In other news, insider Valueact Capital Master Fund, purchased 210,100 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $228.35 per share, for a total transaction of $47,976,335.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, major shareholder Holdings L.P. Valueact purchased 170,100 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $228.93 per share, for a total transaction of $38,940,993.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders bought 477,600 shares of company stock worth $108,498,272 and sold 6,882 shares worth $1,685,575. 2.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/alliance-data-systems-ads-earning-somewhat-positive-media-coverage-report-shows.html. About Alliance Data Systems Alliance Data Systems Corporation is a provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions serving consumer-based businesses in a range of industries. The Company offers a portfolio of integrated outsourced marketing solutions, including customer loyalty programs, database marketing services, end-to-end marketing services, analytics and creative services, direct marketing services, and private label and co-brand retail credit card programs. Receive News & Ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance InterDigital Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for InterDigital Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Director Purchases $65,000.00 in Stock InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) EVP Sells $42,875.00 in Stock John Sabin Buys 2,077 Shares of Condor Hospitality Trust, Inc. (CDOR) Stock AgroFresh Solutions (AGFS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Ambev SA (ABEV) Getting Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Analysis Finds John A. Kite Sells 25,000 Shares of Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Stock Insider Selling: TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) President Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Red Hat Inc (RHT) Director William S. Kaiser Sells 25,000 Shares Zagg (ZAGG) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Wave Life Sciences (WVE) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Stock Price Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earning Negative News Coverage, Study Finds Ambev SA (ABEV) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports XO Group (XOXO) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Intersect ENT (XENT) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Given News Impact Rating of 0.31 Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research HB Fuller Co (FUL) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Greenbrier Companies Inc (GBX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Anglo American plc (AAL) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) EVP Sells $42,875.00 in Stock April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) EVP Scott A. Mcquilkin sold 500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.75, for a total transaction of $42,875.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 80,724 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,922,083. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Shares of InterDigital, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDCC) traded down 0.41% during trading on Monday, hitting $85.95. 321,033 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $2.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 9.79 and a beta of 1.25. InterDigital, Inc. has a one year low of $51.97 and a one year high of $102.30. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $88.23 and a 200-day moving average price of $84.44. InterDigital (NASDAQ:IDCC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $3.85 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $3.84 by $0.01. InterDigital had a net margin of 40.78% and a return on equity of 33.71%. The firm earned $273.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $262.57 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.92 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 144.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that InterDigital, Inc. will post $2.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Investors of record on Wednesday, April 12th will be paid a dividend of $0.30 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 10th. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.40%. InterDigital’s dividend payout ratio is presently 20.55%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/interdigital-inc-idcc-evp-sells-42875-00-in-stock.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in IDCC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in InterDigital by 24.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 350,055 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,724,000 after buying an additional 68,612 shares in the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its position in InterDigital by 752.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 229,811 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,993,000 after buying an additional 202,859 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in InterDigital by 5.7% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,203 shares of the company’s stock worth $174,000 after buying an additional 119 shares in the last quarter. SECOR Capital Advisors LP purchased a new position in InterDigital during the third quarter worth approximately $1,946,000. Finally, Comerica Bank boosted its position in InterDigital by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 25,253 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,277,000 after buying an additional 1,506 shares in the last quarter. 69.84% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. A number of research firms recently issued reports on IDCC. B. Riley reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $85.50 price target (up from $80.00) on shares of InterDigital in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of InterDigital from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and issued a $88.00 price target (down from $94.00) on shares of InterDigital in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Sidoti downgraded shares of InterDigital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $86.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $89.00. About InterDigital InterDigital, Inc designs and develops technologies for wireless communications. The Company has designed and developed a range of technologies that are used in digital cellular and wireless products and networks, including second generation (2G), third generation (3G), fourth generation (4G) and IEEE 802 related products and networks. Receive News & Ratings for InterDigital Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for InterDigital Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cloudera Files for IPO By Chris Lange April 3, 2017 9:10 am EDT Print Email Tweet Cloudera has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were listed in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $200 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company intends to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CLDR. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Allen, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, Stifel, JMP Securities and Raymond James. This company empowers organizations to become data‑driven enterprises in the newly hyperconnected world. Cloudera has developed the leading modern platform for data management, machine learning and advanced analytics. Cloudera’s pioneering hybrid open source software (HOSS) model incorporates the best of open source with its robust proprietary software to form an enterprise‑grade platform. This platform delivers an integrated suite of capabilities for data management, machine learning and advanced analytics, affording customers an agile, scalable and cost-effective solution for transforming their businesses. The platform enables organizations to use vast amounts of data from a variety of sources, including the Internet of Things (IoT), to better serve and market to their customers, design connected products and services and reduce risk through greater insight from data. A vibrant ecosystem has developed around the platform, and a growing range of applications is being built on it. In the filing the company detailed its finances: For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2016 and January 31, 2017, our revenue was $166.0 million and $261.0 million, respectively, representing year‑over‑year growth in revenue of 57% for our most recent fiscal year. Over the same period, operating cash outflows increased from $90.5 million to $116.6 million while our net losses were $203.1 million and $187.3 million, respectively, which includes $63.6 million and $21.7 million, respectively, of stock‑based compensation expense, and a non‑cash charge of $21.6 million in connection with the donation of common stock to the Cloudera Foundation for the year ended January 31, 2017. The company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Why NovoCure Shares Are Skyrocketing Hot Recent Tech IPO Highlights Jefferies Top Growth Stocks to Buy » Read more: Technology, Cloud Computing, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's Best States to Live In The Richest Countries in the World The Richest Town in Every State America's Fastest Shrinking Cities Recent Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 First Solar, Rite Aid Dip into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club DuPont, Caterpillar Weigh on DJIA Monday Everbridge Prepares for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Low-Down-Payment Mortgages: What You Need to Know This Catalyst Can Take NVIDIA to the Cloud Mortgage Interest Deduction: How Much Can You Claim? Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade Paratek Pharmaceuticals shares jump 17% on pneumonia drug study data Pittsburgh Mayor Slams Uber: Will This Affect Its Driverless Car Efforts? Will Blue Apron's Next Delivery Be An IPO? 3 Tech Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now Asia stocks skittish as investors seek shelter before Trump-Xi meeting Elon Musk mocks short sellers after Tesla stock surge Vale megadeal puts Morgan Stanley, Bradesco at the top of Brazil M&A Warren Buffett Adorns Cherry Coke Cans in China Oil Rises on Weaker Dollar North Carolina Wins Sixth Men's Basketball National Championship Hyundai Pulls Upcoming Ads From 'O'Reilly Factor' Amid 'Disturbing' Allegations Americans' Fears About Water Pollution Hit A 16-Year High Businesses Offer 20-Percent Discounts For Equal Pay Day Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Public Records April 3, 2017 6:24 PM Real Estate Transactions: Feb. 27 - March 3, 2017 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The following property transactions, those most recently released to the Centre Daily Times, were recorded from Feb. 27, 2017, through March 03, 2017, in the office of the Centre County Recorder of Deeds. Bellefonte Borough Mark D. Mortensen to Karen Israelian and Marina Israelian, 236 N. Penn St, $333,000 Alan W. Scaroni and Maryellen Scaroni to Erica Renee Hollis, 361 Pine St, $143,500 Benner Township Richard E. Haines, Thomas R. Haines, Suzeanne H. Garner and Robert H. Haines to Thomas G. Benner, Larry S. Shaffer and Discount Remodelers, 3076 Benner Pike, $90,000 Boggs Township J.P. Morgan Chase Bank to David P. Bagley and Barbara L. Bagley, 1019 Runville Rd, $64,000 College Township Ed Satalia Construction Inc to Ashod G. Toumayants and Noelle J. Toumayants, 165 Meadowsweet Dr, $150,000 Joseph M. Cummins to Joseph M. Cummins and Kelly E. Cummins, 225 Fairlawn Ave, $1.00 David E. McLaughlin to Gregory J. Hillegas, 155 Jay Ln, $270,000 S&A Homes Inc to Christopher Jam Snyder and Doreen Kay Ferretti, 115 Windrush Rd, $473,642 Mastros 1 LLC to Brenden A. Jeziorski and Kathryn L. Jeziorski, 267 Wiltree Ct, $287,325 Marilyn Kline by Attorney a/k/a Marilyn B. Kline to Austin E. Graybill and Ashley M. Graybill, 1210 East Branch Road, $187,500 Ferguson Township Jonathan F. Essick and Kelly A. Essick to Gary A. Delafield and Dorothy K. Delafield, 118 Horseshoe Cir, $220,000 Maureen Robertson Baggett Family Trust and Maureen Robertson Baggett to Maureen Robertson Baggett and Wayne Martin Baggett, 1203 W. Beaver Ave, $1.00 George S. Beechan, Georgette B. Beechan, Scott D. Peachey and Teena M. Peachey to Scott D. Peachey and TeenaM. Peachey, 1191 Barnstable Ln, $1.00 Michael R. Lebo and Brenda J. Lebo to Michael A. Hicks and Jennifer A. Hicks, 672 Berkshire Drive, $415,000 Harris Township Douglas S. Johnson and Annmarie Johnson to Weichert Workforce Mobility, 102 Aspen Dr, $702,500 Weichert Workforce Mobility Inc. to Sterlin Rebuck, 102 Aspen Dr, $615,000 Mathilde Boal Lee Estate, Mathilde Boal Lee Testamentary Trust and Blair lee IV to Waldenheim LLC, S. Academy St, $450,000 Corey W. Hoefs, Mark E. Harpster, Nichole M. Harpster and Deanna R. Harpster n/k/a Deanna R. Hoefs to Nichole M. Harpster and Nicholas Jordan Clark, 111 Mason Dr, $1.00 Robert A Shumaker and Judith L. Shumaker to Wayne Howard, 216 Beacon Cir, $270,000 Eric A. Marshall and Megan Marshall to Wyatt E. Stoup, 313 Mountain Rd, $255,000 Maya R. Quinn and Matthew P. Quinn to Chunjie Yang and Song Bai, 271 Meadow Lark Ln, $776,000 John R. Jr. to John R. Jr. and Paula Parker, 107 Horseshoe Cir, $1.00 William E. Davies and Barbara L. Davies to Barbara L. Davies, 1445 Willowbrook Dr, $1.00 Milesburg Borough Sheila R. Stever a/k/a Sheila M. Stever to Nicholas C. Auman, 201 Iddings St, $84,900 Patton Township S and A Homes Inc. to Michael J Hughes and Elizabeth M. Hughes, 1740 Woodledge Dr, $434,000 Copper Beech Townhome Communities Eighte to Feng-Sou Yang, 670 G Oakwood Ave, $270,000 Edward J. Heary Estate and Norman T. Fedon to Matthew R. Marshall and Jennifer A. Dececco, 17 N. Barkaway Ln, $395,000 Robert J. Thorpe and Regina G. Thorpe to Kevin J. Dincher and Michelle A. Dincher, 140 Pinewood Pl, $357,000 Phillip Fether to Phillip Fether and Diana M. Fether, 431 Weymouth Cir, $1.00 Loretta P. Nicholas to John Edward Nicholas, 119 N. Main St, $1.00 Pardip Singh Sandhu and Sharmila Sandhu to Mary D. Johnston, 152 Glenndale Dr, $331,000 Michael A. Hicks and Jennifer A. Hicks to Kyle Z. Emmett and Erin J. Emmett, 109 Clemson Ct, $288,000 Terry R. Varner, Sondra Varner, Erin J. Emmett f/k/a Erin J. Varner and Kyle Z. Emmett to Ascher Family Trust, 237 Amblewood Way, $218,000 Mimi Joy Cooper to Stephen P. Shedlock, 550 Brittany Dr, $1.00 Potter Township Valley Business Associates LP, Salvatore L. Nicosia Jr. and Pauline R. Nicosia to David D. Lingle LLC, Larkspur Way, $59,000 Rush Township Robert M. Greenawalt and Carmen F. Greenawalt to Larry J. Straw and Penny K. Straw, 219 Forshey Ln, $1.00 Stephen L. Shawley by Sheriff to Deutsche Bank National Trust Co, 619 Hemlock St, $3,299.58 Kathleen M. Wawrynovic to Thomas A. Wawrynovic and Jane A. Stark, 274 Mallard Rd, $1.00 Edward J. Rieg and Marian Rieg to Dylan S. Nearhood, 111 Greenhouse Ln, $69,500 Carrie W. Kephart to Joseph C Kephart Jr, 407 Kinkhead St, $1.00 Snow Shoe Township Jerry A. Inch, James E. Hackenberg, Robert E. Wolfe, Jeffrey L. Leitzel and David S. Hough to Jerry A. Inch, James E. Hackenberg, Robert E. Wolfe, Jeffrey L. Leitzel and David S. Hough, 256 Snow Shoe Mtn. Rd, $4,000 Thomas E. Covaleski and Jennifer L. Covaleski to Michael S. Krebs and Janette L. Krebs, Hunter Ridge Rd. Spur, $51,000 Spring Township Theodore R. Miller Estate and Frederick Miller to Tobias L. Miller, 350 Lieb St, $1.00 JFDC Land Acquisition LLC to Christeen J. Moyer, 222 Jonathan Ln, $178,900 Charles E. Golembeski to Charlse E. Golembeski and Kimberly Henk. 205 Sandra Ln, $1.00 State College Borough Timothy P. Williamson and Kathryn A. Williamson to Jack W. Huizenga, 746 Thomas St, $370,000 Serene Properties LLC to ZW-Art Treehouse LLC, 818 Walnut St, $223,000 Unknown Owner to Commonwealth of PA Dept. of Trans, Property Located in SC Borough, $0 Ora Ben-David to Brian S. Weber, 522 E. College Ave, $143,500 Wells Fargo Bank to Lisa Mae Rentzel and Troy Wayne Rentzel, 212 W. Irvin Ave, $169,500 Walker Township Roy A. Long and Erin C. Long to George R. Horetsky and Jane E. Horetsky, 122 Jenjo Drive, $308,000 Worth Township Austin E. Graybill and Ashley M. Graybill f/k/a Ashley M. Knowles to Tara Felix and Jinathan Felix, 617 Laurel Run Rd, $267,500 Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Public Records Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:16 Bellefonte Area students run Life Skills Cafe Pause 1:19 Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 0:19 State College's Noah Woods talks about being named All-State in football 3:33 Video shows Steelers assistant coach Joey Porter dispute before arrest 3:47 Penn State freshman improvises 'If I Ain’t Got You' 1:01 Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan appears with ‘House of Cards’ star Michael Kelly in opioid epidemic awareness video 2:28 Former Penn State administrators 'turned their backs' on child sex abuse, AG says 1:33 James Franklin explains what cost Penn State the Rose Bowl 1:57 This April see Jupiter all night long and the Lyrids meteor shower peak 0:50 Youngsters making a better environment Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 hours ago Prevention is Priceless 0:51 5 hours ago Prevention is Priceless 1:57 16 hours ago This April see Jupiter all night long and the Lyrids meteor shower peak 1:19 3 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist View more video Public Records Real Estate Transactions: March 6 - March 10, 2017 Real Estate Transactions: Feb. 27 - March 3, 2017 Marriage Licenses: March 21, 2017 Marriage Licenses: March 28, 2017 Real Estate Transactions: Feb. 20 - Feb. 24, 2017 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Good City Brewing Beer Bash - Become a Member - Member Login Show Menu Real Estate Politics Political Contributions Tracker Bruce Murphy Data Wonk State of Politics Press Releases Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment A&E Events Eyes on Milwaukee Vote Tuesday Learn more about the many races and candidates for this overlooked election By Jeramey Jannene - Apr 2nd, 2017 08:56 pm Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email The top of the ticket race on Tuesday Lost in the maelstrom engulfing national politics and your Facebook feed, a statewide election is taking place Tuesday in Wisconsin. Milwaukee residents will have a number of contested races on their ballots. The top of the ballot race is an increasingly partisan race for Wisconsin State Superintendent of Public Instruction. A county-wide election for Milwaukee County Circuit Court Judge Branch 47 will leave voters with a choice between two candidates vying for an open seat. A city-wide election for Municipal Judge Branch 1 (of 3) features two candidates vying for a role dispensing justice on everything from parking tickets and public intoxication to slumlords and speeders. Voters will also find a number of uncontested races on their ballot. A number of Milwaukee Board of School Directors seats have contested elections. Voters living in those districts will have an extra choice to make when they cast their ballot. One non-binding referendum question will also greet county voters: “Do you support County Executive Chris Abele’s proposal for a $60 Vehicle Registration Fee (wheel tax) to provide designated funding for transit and transportation-related projects?” The 2017 Milwaukee County budget implemented a $30 vehicle registration fee. On Tuesday, April 4th polls will be open from 7 a.m. until 8 p.m. Find your polling place, registration status and see a sample ballot on the state’s My Vote Wisconsin website. Want to continue to complain about politicians on Facebook? Do the right thing and vote Tuesday. Urban Milwaukee does not make election endorsements. Candidates are presented in alphabetical order. State Superintendent Candidates What the office does: The non-partisan State Superintendent of Public Instruction is the head of public education in Wisconsin. In addition to leading the Department of Public Instruction, the superintendent is charged with licensing teachers, dispensing federal aid for schools, overseeing the reporting of school statistics including attendance and academic performance, and creating models for academic standards. Term length: Four years Tony Evers Tony Evers Website Facebook Page Dr. Tony Evers was elected State Superintendent of Public Instruction for Wisconsin in April 2009. With more than 30 years of public education experience, he has dedicated his life to public education in our state. Born and raised in Plymouth, Wisconsin, Tony graduated from Plymouth High School, and went on to the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in 1973, a master’s degree in 1976 and a doctorate in 1986. Tony Evers has been married 36 years to his wife Kathy, who he met at Plymouth High School. The Evers have three adult children, Erin, Nick and Katie, all public school graduates, and four grandchildren. Tony Evers has served the students, parents and citizens of Wisconsin for over 34 years as a teacher, principal, superintendent, regional administrator, and Deputy State Superintendent. He has served in schools and lived in communities across Wisconsin, from Tomah to Oakfield, Verona to Oshkosh. From 2001 to 2009, Dr. Evers served as Deputy State Superintendent of Public Instruction, working to ensure a quality education for students across Wisconsin and supporting parents and educators. From 1992 to 2000, Tony was the chief administrator of Cooperative Educational Service Agency 6, based in Oshkosh, which serves 42 school districts in east central Wisconsin. Prior to that position, Tony was superintendent of the Verona and Oakfield school districts, and was a high school principal, elementary school principal, teacher of gifted and talented children, and technology coordinator in Tomah. On a national level, Tony has been a curriculum auditor in Texas, California, Indiana, Kansas and Ohio. He is also a member of the Council of Chief State School Officers, and was honored by being elected to serve as the national president of the Deputy State Superintendent Leadership Commission by education leaders from all 50 states. Lowell Holtz. Photo from Facebook. Lowell Holtz Website Facebook Page I am a Wisconsinite, born and raised, and have been married to my high school sweetheart, Sue, since 1980.  We have five children who attended both parochial and public schools.  Like many of you, we were ‘choosy’ in that regard, always trying to find what’s best for each child.  In 2004, Sue and I both earned our Educational Doctorate Degrees in Leadership, Learning and Service, from Milwaukee’s Cardinal Stritch University.  Previously, while working on my Masters in Education from UW – Madison, I served as a police officer in Whitewater during my spare time. My education experience exceeds 30 years and includes teaching at a small parochial school in Minnesota, serving as an elementary and middle school principal in Cambridge, and being honored as a Wisconsin Principal of the Year and National Distinguished Principal in Peshtigo. I have also served as a superintendent or district administrator in the Palmyra-Eagle, Beloit and Whitnall school districts, covering a wide and diverse spectrum of rural, urban and suburban communities. While serving those schools and districts, I have: Raised test scores in all districts and schools served by collaborating with teachers, administrators and parents Collaborated with business, industry and community to Create a regional, multi-district career and technical education academy Launch annual business/education summits Create charter schools Partnered with a team of parents and community members to build one of the state’s finest high school athletic complexes without raising taxes Led successful urban school reform effort, drastically reduced violence, returned control of classroom to teachers, closed achievement gaps and increased graduation rates Consistently raised teacher satisfaction, pre- and post-Act 10 Put systems and teams in place to consistently close gaps by raising academic achievement of all students Municipal Judge Candidates What the office does: According to the city website “The mission of the municipal court is to impartially adjudicate ordinance violation cases such that legal rights of individuals are safeguarded and public interest is protected.” The three judges that make up Milwaukee’s municipal court dispense justice one everything from speeding tickets and building code violations to shoplifting and assault and battery. Milwaukee municipal judges hear up to 60,000 cases a year, the highest total for any court in the state. Term length: Four years William Crowley. Photo from Facebook. William Crowley Website Facebook Page Since graduating from Marquette Law School, William Crowley has demonstrated a commitment to serving marginalized populations in the community.  He began working as an attorney with Hudson Legal in 2011, working on a foreclosure review project for JP Morgan Chase Bank.  In this job, he worked to ensure compliance with federal and state laws, and identify cases where a non-compliance issue existed, so a settlement could be reached with the owners. In 2014, William joined the staff at Disability Rights Wisconsin, working as a Family Care and IRIS ombudsman, working with people with disabilities on Wisconsin’s long-term care programs.  In this capacity, he has been an advocate for people facing denials or cuts to their essential long-term care related services, conducting investigations, negotiating, and assisting with appeals to the State.  Also in this role, he serves on a number of committees, including working with local government and county transit officials on public transportation program implementation for people with disabilities. Furthermore, since 2012 William has served on the Board of the Wisconsin Chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, most recently as its Affirmative Action Officer, working to cultivate a broad, representative membership on the Board. William has spent many years as an advocate for people with disabilities. When he was just two years old, he was critically injured in a car accident caused by a drunk driver, killing his stepfather and mother, who was 8 months pregnant at the time. The crash left him paralyzed from the chest down, but did not injure his resolve to carry on with life and strive for success. William will use this determination and ability to persevere to bring about a more just and equitable Milwaukee Municipal Court. You can often find William venturing to new establishments around town and attending many of our festivals and local events. He is also an avid competitor in one of Milwaukee’s local trivia leagues. William hopes that you will join him in standing up for justice! Valarie Hill. Photo from Facebook. Valarie Hill Website Facebook Page Judge Valarie A. Hill was elected to to the bench in the City of Milwaukee in April 2004. Prior to her election, she served as a Milwaukee County Judicial Court Commissioner, where she presided over thousands of misdemeanor, felony, traffic and small claims cases. Previously, Judge Hill served as a Deputy First Assistant, Senior Assistant and Assistant State Public Defender in the Milwaukee Trial Office where she was a member of the management team and handled thousands of criminal and administrative matters for indigent defendants. Judge Hill graduated from The Ohio State University and the University of Akron School of Law. She is active in numerous community based organizations and is a member of the Wisconsin, Milwaukee and National Bar Associations as well as the National Association of Women Judges. Circuit Court Candidates – Branch 47 What the office does: The judges of the Milwaukee County Circuit Court are divided into five divisions: children’s, civil, family, felony and misdemeanor, with a number of subdivisions. The judges elected will preside over cases in a rotation ranging from divorce and child custody to murder and embezzlement. Term length: Six years Scott Wales. Scott Wales Website Facebook Page My grandpa gave me my first job at his famous shoe store, Hecker’s Shoes, as a stock boy. Teaching me to be tough and fight hard, he promised me America was a country where no dream was impossible if you give an honest effort and earn it the right way. I never forgot that lesson. As a boy I was obsessed with the Milwaukee Bucks. I was born in north Milwaukee County, a scrappy Jewish kid with his face half-frozen. Moebius Syndrome made it hard to learn how to speak, and paralysis froze my mouth and finer eye movement – my grandpa’s promise seemed like a fairy tale a million miles from my reality. I know the sting and real hurt of bullying and prejudice. This campaign is the first time I have had the opportunity to advocate and to discuss it publicly. With the help of public school teachers and years of dutiful practice, I became confident with spoken English. Thanks, interestingly, to a ventriloquist puppet and a kind speech pathologist. Attending University of Wisconsin – Madison for my undergraduate degree was a vital first step in earning and achieving my life’s goals. My grandpa’s words inspired me to become a decent basketball player in my youth, and later to pursue the law and build a family. Since starting my legal career almost 30 years ago, I have dedicated my life to public service and giving back to Wisconsin. Since 1992, I have been a public educator and Adjunct at MATC Downtown Milwaukee, and I have served our community as Fox Point’s Municipal Judge for over 8 years. Being uniquely blessed, I am a successful downtown Milwaukee lawyer and I have a daughter at Nicolet High School where I proudly graduated from, and another soon on her way there in a few years. I am serious and committed to the law, fatherhood, and my faith. If I win Branch 47, everyone can expect a fair, impartial trial free of bias … even if you are a Chicago Bulls fan. Kashoua Yang. Photo from Yang for Judge. Kashoua “Kristy” Yang Website Facebook Page Attorney Yang believes that a fair justice system is one where those administering justice can distinguish between the unfortunate and the malicious. Attorney Yang immigrated to the United States with her parents and siblings at the age of six.  She credits her success to the generosity of her parents who taught her the value of hard work, in addition to the guidance and support of her 10 siblings. As a former refugee child, she benefited from the kindness of many people who helped her adjust to life in American society.  This helped her expand her English vocabulary to more than just the word Pepsi, and achieve her dream of becoming a lawyer and making a difference. She is the owner of Kashoua Yang, LLC, a law firm that concentrates on family law, family mediation, worker’s compensation, and social security disability. She has successfully litigated and settled many cases, both in circuit court and administrative proceedings. Attorney Yang is also a court appointed Guardian ad Litem (GAL) in family law cases involving custody and placement disputes. She has garnered numerous accolades for her work, including Super Lawyers Rising Star for years 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016; Association of Women Lawyers Pro Bono Award in 2016, Milwaukee Magazine Leading Lawyers in 2015, and Milwaukee Bar Association Messenger volunteer recognition in 2012. Attorney Yang devotes her time to various pro bono activities. She is a board member and volunteer attorney with the Legal Options for Trafficked and Underserved Survivors (LOTUS), past volunteer attorney with Marquette Volunteer Legal Clinic (MVLC), and legal clinics for Hmong speakers and at Voces de la Frontera. She has also helped in the Know Your Rights workshops and the Hmong American Peace Academy mentor program. She is a board member of the State Bar of Wisconsin Lawyer Referral and Information Service Committee, president-elect of the Society of Family Lawyers, and an advisory committee member of the Hmong Milwaukee Civic Engagement Project. Attorney Yang belongs to the Leander J. Foley Jr. Matrimonial American Inn of Court, Milwaukee Bar Association, Wisconsin Asian Bar Association, Wisconsin Association of Worker’s Compensation Attorneys, Association of Women Lawyers, and the National Organization of Social Security Claimant’s Representatives. Attorney Yang graduated from Lakeland College summa cum laude.  After working several years for Kohler Company in Kohler, Wisconsin, she attended and obtained her law degree from the University of Wisconsin Law School. She and her husband live with their three daughters in Oak Creek. She loves goofing around with her daughters and in her spare time enjoys the challenges of CrossFit training. Milwaukee Board of School Directors – District 4 What the office does: The Milwaukee Board of School Directors is the policy-making body for the Milwaukee Public Schools system, serving within the framework provided by law, the will of the local citizenry, and the ethics of the education profession. They have oversight on everything from district-wide policy and the MPS budget to hiring and firing of the superintendent and declaring the district a “sanctuary district.” Term length: Four years Aisha Carr. Photo courtesy of Aisha 4 Milwaukee. Aisha Carr Website Facebook Page Aisha Carr, 4th District School Board candidate, currently serves as the Culturally Responsive Teacher Leader for the Milwaukee Public Schools District. Prior to serving in this capacity, Carr worked as an MPS Secondary Special Education Teacher and a Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee Community Learning Center Club Manager. Carr has experience in the areas of community organizing, educational policies and youth leadership and development. Aisha Carr, a Milwaukee native, currently serves as the Culturally Responsive Teacher Leader for Milwaukee Public School’s James Madison Academic Campus. Prior to serving in this capacity, Carr worked as a Secondary Special Education Teacher for MPS while completing her two-year commitment for Teach for America; the Community Learning Center (“CLC”) Manager for the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater Milwaukee; and, Legislative Assistant for Former State Senator, Russell Feingold. During her time as a CLC Director, Carr had the privilege of serving over 300 youth in the Milwaukee community, developing educational youth serving programs to build character and leadership; career and college readiness skills; promote healthy lifestyles by creating health and life skills programming, in addition to intensive and content specific tutoring, community service and civic engagement opportunities and conflict resolution tactics including restorative practices. A single mother of a school-aged child, a first-generation, professional Graduate student, a product of foster-care and a single-father household, and lastly, a product of the public and private education sector, Aisha’s experiences and proven track record of success is an immediate result of her life’s story of pain, struggle, defeat, victories, education and success. Carr has devoted her entire professional career to the advancement of students of color, in the fight for racial and educational equity and justice. Carr is a proud graduate of Marian University (Fond Du Lac, WI) where she earned her Bachelors of Science in Social Work. Carr completed the Special Education Teacher certification at Cardinal Stritch University and is currently completing her practicum for her Graduate studies with the University of Wisconsin-Madison where she will earn her Graduate degree in Educational Leadership and Policy Analysis. Carr’s graduate research is centered around Restorative Justice and the School-to-Prison pipeline. Carr currently resides in Milwaukee, WI with her beautiful daughter, Harmoni-Imani. Annie Woodward. Photo courtesy Annie Woodward for Education. Annie Woodward Facebook Page Annie Woodward is a community advocate with a passion for seeking higher academic standards for every child. She is a retiree from the Milwaukee County Department of Health and Human Services, having worked in the areas of mental health and social services from 1967 until 2001. From 1993 until 2000, Ms. Woodward served on the Board of the Milwaukee Inner City Congregaations Allied for Hope (MICAH) and on that organization’s Economic Development Task Force and Health and Welfare Committee. Ms. Woodward served as Chair of Parkview South Neighborhood and as treasurer of the Mary Church Terrell Club, Inc. As a member of Calvary Baptist Church, she serves as a deaconess and as a womens’ class Sunday school teacher. Ms. Woodward did her undergraduate studies in business management and communications at MATC, Alverno College, and Concordia University. Milwaukee Board of School Directors – District 5 Larry Miller. Photo courtesy of MPS. Larry Miller Website Facebook Page I have been an elected school board member for 8 years and serve as the board’s vice-president. My central focus has been to improve academic achievement for all students and enhance the quality of experience for every child. This includes working to educate the whole child by increasing access to the arts, music, physical education and extra-curricular offerings. Most recently I have worked to strengthen staff training in cultural relevance and responsiveness. One component has been the creation of comparative ethnic studies with the goal of integrating it throughout the curriculum. Presently I am working on an initiative to increase school readiness through advancing a city-wide literacy initiative for children from birth to 4 years of age. The goal is to embrace a deep appreciation for the critical first 2,000 days of a child’s life and help prepare young children to be ready for school so they will all have an equal chance. We want to unite the whole community—government, higher education, childcare and health care providers, parents, business, community, congregations, all schools—to come together to advance the health and learning of our youngest citizens. I am a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and National Louis University. My undergraduate degree is in education, history, and political science; my masters’ degree is in education leadership. I taught high school in MPS for 15 years and was an administrator for two years. While serving on the MPS School board, I have also been an adjunct professor for the Marquette College of Education, teaching Schooling in a Diverse Society. As a high-school teacher, I taught U.S. history, citizenship, world geography, world history, economics, and political science, as well as photography, video production, and physical science. I spent a number of his summers doing historical research to enhance my teaching. This included spending the summer of 1998 with the National Endowment for the Humanities at the National Archives in Washington, D.C., studying the Civil War, Reconstruction and the lives of Southern freed men and women. I am an editor of Rethinking Schools. Since its founding, Rethinking Schools has grown into a nationally prominent publisher of educational materials. Most important, it remains firmly committed to equity and to the vision that public education is central to the creation of a humane, caring, multiracial democracy. While writing for a broad audience, Rethinking Schools emphasizes problems facing urban schools, particularly issues of race. Kahri Phelps-Okoro. Photo from campaign website. Kahri Phelps-Okoro Website Facebook Page My parents ensured I received an excellent education as a child, and as a community stakeholder and parent of four, it is my duty to do the same for my children and your children. I have your children’s education at heart, as it has been a vital role in my life. I am a proud MPS graduate from Milwaukee Trade and Technical High School, and I have earned three higher education degrees from Concordia University: Bachelor’s in Secondary Education & Broad Field Social Science; a Master’s in Reading Specialist; and a MBA in International Business and Risk Management. I am also a Certified Teacher through the Compton Program. I have a strong history teaching reading and financial literacy and with that experience, here’s my Blueprint for Change: Ensure all Children can read by the end of 2nd grade. From the 2015-2016 WI DPI report card data only 20% of MPS students scored advanced and/or proficient in area of literacy. Research shows a direct correlation between literacy and incarceration rates. To increase the graduation rate, let’s increase the number of literate children. Strengthen the Curriculum. The MPS district received a score of 55.3% on the WI Department of Instruction Report Card, so let’s ensure all schools offer a vibrant and culturally responsive educational program that is accessible to all children, challenges and moves them forward in life, and offers effective interventions for any who are behind. Build a better Culture. I will create a stronger MPS by reengaging the communities surrounding our schools and reintroducing the neighborly feeling. Let’s also collaborate with choice and charter schools to identify what is working, and change what’s not. Engage the Community. We’ll engage businesses, schools and families to bring equity back into our schools. It is imperative that the Board of Directors have a stake in the community that it serves. My family and I live and work in the 5th District, and I am running for Board of Director District #5. I look forward to earning your confidence and vote. Milwaukee Board of School Directors – District 6 Tony Baez. Photo from Tony for MPS. Tony Baez Website Facebook Page Dr. Báez has a doctorate from UW-Milwaukee in Urban Education with concentrations in Bilingual Education and school equity. Since the 1970’s, he has been involved in education in Milwaukee and nationally. He has also traveled to other countries to observe schools and understand better policies supporting children. Dr. Báez has been a leader in bilingual and dual language education; he is one of the founders of the bilingual program in Milwaukee, and in many communities, nationally. He is among the national leaders advocating that this country is ready for multilingualism. Because of his significant expertise in Latino issues and language education, he has been a keynote speaker and presenter in many national conferences. He has also been a college administrator, a professor and an author. In the middle of the 1970’s he was a Parent Coordinator in MPS. He also was a coordinator in the National Origin Desegregation Assistance Center at UW-Milwaukee. As an educator, Dr. Báez has taught many courses at UW-Milwaukee along with having served as Dean of Liberal Arts and Vice-President of Academic Affairs at the Milwaukee Area Technical College. Additionally, he was Dean of Faculty and Provost in Hostos Bilingual College in New York and most recently served as the Executive Director of Centro Hispano Milwaukee. Three of his children graduated from MPS as well as one of his grandchildren; two are currently enrolled in MPS. The Wisconsin Association for Bilingual Education has a state award name after him – The Tony Báez Advocacy and Leadership Award. In 2014 he was the recipient of the state’s Martin Luther King Heritage Award In 2015, he was awarded the City’s Frank Zeidler, Public Service Award. And has been the recipient of many other awards and recognitions locally and nationally. Jonatan Zuniga. Photo from campaign website. Jonatan Zuniga Website Facebook Page Born and raised on the Southside of Milwaukee (in District 6), I attended Kagel Elementary and Lincoln Center of the Arts, graduated from Carmen High School of Science & Technology and went on to study at the University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee where I earned my Bachelor’s Degree in Urban Studies and Business Administration. I was part of Youth Empowered in the Struggle (YES) volunteered with the Southside Organizing Committee from 2011-2015 to organize college students and plan marches in an effort to support immigrant rights.  I now work as the Community Outreach Manager at Layton Boulevard West Neighbors, where I collaborate with residents, youth, businesses and partners to attract investments into the local neighborhoods. My wife Rebecca Arcos and I are newlyweds, married on March 26, 2016. She has an MA in social work and runs La Luz del Mundo Family Services. My mother Maria Zuniga who raised me lives with my sisters, Sarai (age 13, Wedgewood student) and Ismerai (age 9, Alba student). We are faithful members of La Luz del Mundo Church. Milwaukee Board of School Directors – District 7 Joey Balistreri. Photo courtesy of the Friends of Joey Balistreri. Joey Balistreri Website Facebook Page Joey Balistreri is an educator and product of life-changing public school teachers. He’s not a politician nor partisan-politics insider. He and his husband live in the Jackson Park neighborhood with their two-year-old son, Liam. Joey first came to Milwaukee in 2010 with his now-husband, Michael—a proud graduate of Rufus King High School. They met while both attending college in the Washington, DC metropolitan area. Around the same time, Joey’s family disowned him for being gay, but luckily, the Balistreri family was there to welcome Joey with open arms. The rest is history—Milwaukee is home. Joey Balistreri grew up in Virginia and attended public schools for his K-12 education. He was constantly guided, challenged, and pushed to be his best by dedicated public school teachers. It was in high school where Joey discovered his love for the arts. Joey attended George Mason University where he majored in violin performance. When Joey’s husband graduated from the United States Naval Academy, they were stationed in and relocated to Jacksonville, Florida. It was in Jacksonville where Joey began his teaching career as a Teach For America corps member. As a fifth grade math and science teacher, he worked to ensure all students were accepted for their true-self and able to achieve their best through high expectations. After two years in Florida, and like most military families, the Balistreris relocated. This led Joey to Indianapolis where he stepped into the role of an Instructional Coach. While in Indy, Joey coached and managed a cohort of 25 teachers. In this capacity, Joey impacted over 1,000 students across Indianapolis Public Schools, ranging from kindergarten to eighth grade. In 2015, Michael and Joey adopted their son, Liam, who was born with a rare physical disability. Having a son with special needs truly changed his perspective and passion for equal access for all children. Since becoming a parent, Joey has fought tirelessly to ensure Liam and other children with special needs receive the same opportunities as their peers. After yet another military move, the Balistreris were finally able to move back home to Milwaukee—where Liam will attend the same elementary school as Michael, Milwaukee Spanish Immersion. As a former teacher, teacher coach, and parent of a special needs child, Joey has the passion and responsibility to make Milwaukee Public Schools the best option for all families. Paula Phillips. Photo courtesy of campaign. Paula Phillips Website Facebook Page I’m running for Milwaukee Public School Board of Directors because my success has been rooted in great education and I want all of our kids to have high-quality schools. As a school board director, I will advocate for the success of every child in the district through supporting our educators, strengthening our community partnerships, and protecting the future of public education. In my current role, I am focused on expanding leadership opportunities for women in Academic Medicine at Medical College of Wisconsin. As the Special Projects Manager at City Year Milwaukee, I worked on various responsibilities that included Organizational Change Management, Government Relations, Board Development, Staff Development, Office Management, Human Resources, Talent Acquisition and Strategic Planning. During my time at City Year Headquarters, I was the center point for communication during City Year Tulsa’s startup phase. In this role, I worked directly on Corps Member/Staff recruitment, New Staff Orientation, New Office Setup, Brand Awareness, and significant troubleshooting on the ground in Tulsa prior to opening of the site and during the first few weeks. My career has been founded in my personal service work. Before working on staff at City Year, I served two AmeriCorps service years as a Civic Engagement Corps Member at City Year Chicago and a Public Ally at Public Allies Milwaukee. Prior to my nonprofit work, I worked at a local church organizing domestic and international mission trips. Eyes on Milwaukee Inside Mitchell on Water Apartments Mar 30th, 2017 by Jeramey Jannene Milwaukee County Fixes GO Pass Mar 29th, 2017 by Jeramey Jannene City Won’t Delay Streetcar for County Mar 28th, 2017 by Jeramey Jannene Categories: Eyes on Milwaukee, Politics Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Name * Email * Website Latest Articles & Columns The State of Politics: Bill Would End “Revolving Door” Lobbyists by Steven Walters House Confidential: A Tiny Odd Beauty in Riverwest by Michael Horne Campaign Cash: Regent Nominees Gave Walker $22,550 by Wisconsin Democracy Campaign Your Right to Know: Walker’s Open Records Order Helps by April Barker Former Bucks Player Inspires Students by Camille Paul Press Releases Short-term impacts begin for Lakefront Gateway project by Wisconsin Department of Transportation Governor Walker, Education Leaders Call on Legislature to Approve $649 Million for K-12 Education by Gov. Scott Walker Transit Riders Union Supports the $60 Vehicle Registration Fee by Milwaukee Transit Riders Union Read more Press Releases 3 Most Popular House Confidential: A Tiny Odd Beauty in Riverwest by Michael Horne Eyes on Milwaukee: Food Trucks Banned On Brady Street by Jeramey Jannene Murphy’s Law: Sykes’ War Against Sheriff Clarke by Bruce Murphy Become a Member Get members-only benefits Help assure the future of city’s fastest growing publication. Join Today Recent Comments Shirley on Campaign Cash: NRA Wants Guns Without Permits Penrod on Campaign Cash: NRA Wants Guns Without Permits Milwuakee Native on Despicable Duey: Legislator Exploiting Loopholes to Cut His Own Taxes Wants To Hike Property Taxes on People Voting to Support Their Public Schools Jason on Despicable Duey: Legislator Exploiting Loopholes to Cut His Own Taxes Wants To Hike Property Taxes on People Voting to Support Their Public Schools Jason on House Confidential: A Tiny Odd Beauty in Riverwest New Faces Safe & Sound Welcomes Two New Board Directors Alverno student honored as 2017 Newman Civic Fellow Ray Jivoff Named Artistic Director of Skylight Music Theatre More New Faces Information About Advertise Calendar Contact Privacy Policy The Store Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Google plus Twitter LinkedIn The Store 755 N. Milwaukee St. Milwaukee, WI 53202 414-395-0632 Website (Hours, Directions, Products) Subscribe * indicates required First Name Last Name Email Address * © 2017, Urban Milwaukee, Inc. All rights reserved. X Be the smart one in your group of friends. Get our daily email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News NVIDIA to Host World’s Premier AI Conference /EINPresswire.com/ — SANTA CLARA, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 3, 2017) – NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), a world leader in AI computing technology, will host its eighth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on May 8-11, at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver a keynote on Wednesday, May 10, to an expected audience of 8,000 attendees. GTC is the largest event of the year for developers, data scientists and executives in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual reality and self-driving cars. Attendance has grown fourfold since the first event in 2009. This year’s conference will occupy the entire 373,000-square-foot convention center. The four-day conference will feature more than 500 speaking sessions and 150 exhibitors. Topics include deep learning and AI, data center and cloud computing, analytics, healthcare, self-driving and AI cars, life sciences, defense, virtual and augmented reality, computer and machine vision, smart cities, robotics and IoT. Speakers include tech leaders from Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Argo AI, Audi, Baidu, Boeing, Facebook, Ford, GE, GlaxoSmithKline, Google, HERE, Honda, IBM, JP Morgan Chase, Lockheed Martin, Massachusetts General Hospital, Mercedes-Benz, Microsoft, MIT, NASA, National Cancer Institute, National Institute of Health, NYU, Oculus, OpenAI, Pixar, Salesforce, Samsung, Stanford and VMware. GTC is a great opportunity for developers and data scientists to sharpen their skills. 4,000 developers will attend 70 labs this year, including self-paced and hands-on instruction in autonomous vehicle technology, CUDA, deep learning, embedded applications, OpenACC, virtual reality and more. The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute will conduct more than a dozen self-paced and instructor-led labs, using the latest AI frameworks and SDKs, for 2,500 data scientists. Every year NVIDIA recognizes disruptive AI startups at the show. This year the company will award $600,000 in prizes to three winners from the 2,000 AI startups in its Inception program. As part of its Global Impact Award, an additional $150,000 in prizes will go to two research groups for pioneering work addressing important social and humanitarian problems. View the GTC session schedule and register to attend at www.gputechconf.com. Discounted rates are available through April 5th. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr. About NVIDIA NVIDIA‚s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the expected event details, topics and attendees for GTC are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Treos Bio Announces Filing of Key Patent Applications on its Precision Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine Development Platform and its Compositions for Colorectal and Breast Cancers Next PostNext Zymr, Inc. recognized as a Top Cloud Consulting firm by Clutch.co Search Recent Posts SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Files Class Action Suit Against Cascade Bancorp Press release – Opening: EP President to make formal protest to Eurogroup President Dijsselbloem Remarks by the High Representative/Vice-President Federica Mogherini following the Foreign Affairs Council Statement by the Spokesperson on the Parliamentary elections in Armenia NexPoint Credit Strategies Fund Announces the Regular Monthly Dividend Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Cimarex Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC) ("Cimarex") announced today that it has priced an offering of $750 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2027, which will carry an interest rate of 3.90%. The notes were sold to the public at 99.748% for a yield to maturity of 3.93%. Cimarex intends to use the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to fund the purchase price and accrued and unpaid interest payable with respect to all notes validly tendered and accepted for payment pursuant to the separately announced tender offer for any or all of the outstanding $750 million aggregate principal amount of Cimarex's 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes") and the redemption of any 2022 Notes that remain outstanding after completion or termination of the tender offer. Interest is payable May 15 and November 15 of each year. The first interest payment will be made November 15, 2017, and interest will accrue from April 10, 2017. The offering is expected to close on April 10, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and MUFG Securities Americas Inc. have acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on Form S-3 and available for review on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the senior notes referred to above. An offering of any such securities will be made only by means of a prospectus forming a part of the effective registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement thereto and other related documents. Any such documents shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. You may obtain copies of these documents without charge from the SEC at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of these documents can be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk – 3rd Floor, or via phone, collect, at 1-212-834-4533; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at 608 2nd Avenue South, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or via phone at 1-800-645-3751, or by email at wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, Attention: Prospectus Group, or via phone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; or MUFG Securities Americas Inc. at 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10020, Attention: Capital Markets Group, or via phone at 1-212 405-7440, or toll-free at 1-877-649-6848. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Mid-Continent and Permian Basin areas of the U.S. This communication contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including a successful closing of the offering. These risks and uncertainties are more fully described in SEC reports filed by Cimarex. While Cimarex makes these forward-looking statements in good faith, management cannot guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. Cimarex assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except as required by law. Actual results may differ materially from Cimarex projections and can be affected by a variety of factors outside Cimarex's control, including the risks and uncertainties described in Cimarex's SEC reports.   SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGas, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Medical disinfection cotton swab Market Effect and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2016-2021 Next PostNext Medical Radiation Detection Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Search Recent Posts Tortoise MLP Fund, Inc. Provides Unaudited Balance Sheet Information and Asset Coverage Ratio Update as of March 31, 2017 INVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Illinois Environmental Protection Agency Approves Village of Ransom’s Drinking Water SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces an Investigation of The Board of Directors of TRC Companies, Inc. – TRR SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces an Investigation of The Board of Directors of TRC Companies, Inc. – TRR Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Sign In/Up Levin Report Candy Maker’s Stock Plunges After April Fool’s Ad Is Accused of Promo… Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Levin Report Candy Maker’s Stock Plunges After April Fool’s Ad Is Accused of Promoting a Coup At least one lawmaker just can’t take a joke. by Bess LevinApril 3, 2017 5:30 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Gal Schweizer/LatinContent/Getty Images. This year, in what may or may not have been an attempt by the universe to offer us some small respite from the horrors of 2016, the wretched holiday that is April Fools' Day fell on a weekend, sharply curtailing the number of companies unleashing painful humor on the masses in an attempt to “go viral.” Turkish confectioner Ulker Biskuvi AS, sister company of Godiva Chocolatier, McVities, and Jaffa Cakes—all owned by Yildiz Holding—didn’t take the holiday off but is probably wishing it had! According to Bloomberg, shares of the company fell as much as 4.7 percent today after a 50-second animated commercial it aired on April 1, in which siblings “seek revenge in tit-for-tat pranks” and a voice-over declares “now is the day of reckoning” was “interpreted by the Turkish government as a harbinger of another coup,” according toThe Financial Times. Istanbul lawmaker Metin Kulunk, who is a member of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s Justice and Development Party, said the ad was an “attempt to manipulate the psychology of 80 million people [who] . . . will not forget the night of [last summer’s coup attempt].” Kulunk announced that an investigation into the commercial has begun. Other publicly traded companies owned by Ulker parent Yildiz Holding also dropped, with private equity firm Gozde Girisim Sermayesi slumping by as much as 7.5 percent, and grocery wholesaler Bizim Toptan as much as 4.6 percent. In his April 1 interview, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim’s verdict was that the advertisement was “inept.” There is already “uneasiness in society, and this is a commercial that triggers that unease,” said Yildirim, who added that he hadn’t personally watched it. “Apparently there were some remarks reminiscent of the days of the coup attempt, and some allusion to revenge.” Ulker Biskuvi, for its part, described Kulunk’s response as a “defamation campaign” and accused the government of being paranoid. “The meaning of the advertisement that was broadcast for April Fools' Day has been dragged to different points with ill intentions,” the candy-maker said. “The advertisement is about friendly competition among family members, especially brothers and sisters.” According to the F.T., the company has threatened legal action. In addition to the whole unfortunate situation “being viewed as inciting a coup.", there is the sad matter of the company’s shares losing all the gains they made on Friday after JPMorgan analysts upgraded Ulker to overweight. “Ulker Biskuvi still has an outstanding growth story ahead. Yet, this is another incident that is souring sentiment for the stock,” Deniz Invest analyst Gulsen Ayaz told Bloomberg. We’re assuming the sweets maker has shelved any plans to release a limited edition line of chocolates in the shapes of various leaders of last year’s coup, just in case anyone can’t take a joke. If you would like to receive the Levin Report in your inbox daily, click here to subscribe. Mexico takes steps toward sticking it to Trump Among the many targets Donald Trump went after during his bid for the presidency (Hillary Clinton, Rosie O’Donnell, a former Miss Universe, Goldman Sachs, China), few received as much attention from the candidate as Mexico. Upon improbably winning the election and being inaugurated as the 45th president, Trump’s attacks on our southern neighbor have only increased as he lashes out at Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto over Twitter, moving forward with plans to build the Wall, and continuing to claim increased border security is necessary to keep out the “rapists” and “criminals,” despite the fact that more Mexicans have been leaving the U.S. than entering. Oh, and there’s the matter of Trump threatening to heavily tax Mexican imports. Now, in an unsurprising turn of events, Mexico is strongly considering taking action that will hurt the U.S. economy in return. Per CNN Money: Mexican officials head to Argentina later this week for the World Economic Forum's Latin America summit where they will likely reiterate their interest in buying more goods—particularly corn and soy—from Brazil and Argentina instead of the United States. Last week, Mexico's deputy economic minister, Juan Carlos Baker, told The Financial Times that Mexico is already in talks with the two South American giants to strengthen trade ties. “There is a lot of potential for a win-win situation,” Martin Redrado, Argentina's former central bank president and and director of Fundacion Capital, a no-profit research institute, told CNNMoney. “Mexico has always been welcome in Latin America.” Mexico is one of the biggest buyers of American corn and soy. Corn is a staple food to the Mexican diet, found everywhere from taco stands to fine-dining restaurants. Great work, Donny. Jared Kushner’s family could use a hand In a charitable mood today? Consider the plight of the Kushner family, whose eldest son, Donald Trump’s in-law, paid $1.8 billion for a skyscraper on Fifth Avenue shortly before the financial crisis, which remains a 41-story albatross around the family’s neck. The New York Times reports the failure of a proposed deal with Chinese conglomerate Anbang, which would‘ve salvaged the investment made by a young Jared and put $400 million in the Kushner family’s pocket, has come at a really, really bad time. More than a quarter of the office space in the building sits vacant. According to an analysis by Trepp L.L.C., a data and analytics firm that tracks bank lending, 666 Fifth Avenue has not generated enough money to pay its debts for several years, forcing the owners to cover the shortfall—at least $10 million in 2015. And that gap is growing. The interest-only $1.2 billion mortgage comes due in less than two years. “This building has had financial issues for years now,” said Joe McBride, a senior associate at Trepp. “How much longer can they sustain it? Occupancy is at 70 percent, more leases are expiring, and they’re going into their own pocket to pay the debt.” According to a spokesman for the Kushner Companies, Jared’s father Charles Kushner, who was sentenced to two years in federal prison for illegal campaign contributions, tax evasion, and witness tampering, not to mention being the world’s worst brother, is optimistic about lining up new investors. “We are well on our way to lining up the $2.5 billion in equity needed to get this deal done,” James Yolles told the Times, “and we’re confident that we’ll get there.” Wells Fargo forced to pay up for being pricks Last September, Wells Fargo announced that over the course of several years, employees had opened more than 2 million accounts in customers’ names without customers’ knowledge. That was bad, but what was yet worse was the revelation that a number of employees had attempted to report the unethical behavior, to a real thing called the ethics hotline, and in many cases were retaliated against, fired, or both. Not such a great look! Now, the bank has been ordered to pay at least one of those whistle-blowers billions and give him his job back, which shouldn’t be awkward at all. Per Bloomberg: The manager, who wasn’t identified, was dismissed in 2010 after reporting on incidents of suspected bank, mail, and wire fraud by two bankers in the Los Angeles area, according to a statement Monday from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. The San Francisco-based lender was also ordered to give the whistle-blower about $5.4 million in back pay, compensatory damages, and legal fees after O.S.H.A. determined his warnings were at least a contributing factor in the termination. While the agency didn’t elaborate on the alleged misconduct, regulators announced in September that Wells Fargo employees sought for years to meet aggressive sales targets by opening unauthorized accounts for customers. The scandal triggered investigations and congressional hearings, prompting the lender to shake up leadership, deny bonuses to executives, and fire some senior managers in the consumer business. I.P.O.’ing tech companies want shareholders to fork over money and then disappear. Trend alert! Per The Wall Street Journal: About 15 percent of the tech companies that went public in the U.S. between 2012 and 2016, including Facebook Inc., Fitbit Inc. and Twilio Inc., did so with at least two classes of stock, up from 8 percent between 2007 and 2011, according to data compiled by University of Florida finance professor Jay Ritter. That ownership structure makes it possible for companies to assign different voting rights to different groups of shareholders, as Facebook did in its I.P.O. in 2012. Class B shares held by Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg and other early investors have 10 votes per share, while Class A shares sold to the public have one vote per share. Snap has three classes of shares. The tech industry’s use of so-called supervoting shares has climbed so much in the past five years that it is roughly in line with I.P.O.s as a whole. The percentage of newly public tech companies with supervoting shares is likely to climb even higher if the market for new offerings continues to rebound and corporate executives are emboldened by the successful stock-market debuts so far this year, including Snap. As the Journal notes, the founders of disappearing messaging app Snapchat Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy control a whopping 90 percent of the voting power in parent-company Snap, which went public last month. In case there was any confusion for new shareholders, they really don’t want to hear from you. Ferrari once owed by U.S. president fails to sell bigly at auction Bloomberg reports that Donald Trump’s 2007 Ferrari F430 F1 Coupe sold at a Florida auction block on Saturday for a mere $240,000, “$10,000 below its low estimate.” The auction house said in a statement hours later “we can confirm [the car] exchanged hands just minutes after it left the podium for a final sale price of $270,000.” The car was expected to go for $350,000. Sad! Elsewhere! Who’s Worth What at the White House: The Financial Disclosures (N.Y.T.) Bill Ackman Jokes About Career Falling Apart at Florida Tennis Event (Bloomberg) Caution Signals Are Blinking for the Trump Bull Market (N.Y.T.) A Swedish start-up has started implanting microchips into its employees (A.P.) RBS rising from ruins as shadow of former self (Reuters) Trump Plans Have Deal Makers Dreaming Big ($100-Billion-Cash-Takeover Big) (Dealbook) Gamblers in London and Ireland are having a field day over Trump (CNBC) Inside Snapchat’s identity crisis (The Hive) Warren Buffett's Face Will Adorn Cans of Cherry Coke in China (Bloomberg) “Just to be clear, the president has spent the last 3 hours watching TV” (Twitter) Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE Thousands Arrested In Turkey After Attempted Military Coup FailsVanity Fair Military Coup Reported as Turkish Forces Claim to Take Over CountryVanity Fair Donald Trump’s Mansions and Saddam Hussein’s Palaces Are Basically the SameVanity Fair Even the White House Doesn’t Know What Kellyanne Conway’s Job IsVanity Fair Yahoo and AOL Are Joining Forces and Getting a Creepy New NameVanity Fair Elon Musk’s Billion-Dollar Crusade to Stop the A.I. ApocalypseVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Thousands Arrested In Turkey After Attempted Military Coup FailsBY EMMA STEFANSKY Military Coup Reported as Turkish Forces Claim to Take Over CountryBY MAYA KOSOFF SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL MSFT Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Panera (PNRA) rockets higher on reports it's exploring a sale >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Best Stocks for 2017: Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Stock Has Lots of Room to Run Newell Brands wisely keeps adjusting its portfolio of products By Hilary Kramer, Editor, GameChangers  |  Apr 3, 2017, 11:51 am EDT     Popular Posts: Now Is the Perfect Time to Buy Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Stock International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock Has More Room to Grow Recent Posts: Best Stocks for 2017: Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Stock Has Lots of Room to Run International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock Has More Room to Grow Trade of the Day: Polaris Industries (NYSE:PII) View All Posts Editor’s note: This column is part of our Best Stocks for 2017 contest. Hilary Kramer’s pick for the contest is Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL). I can’t believe it has already been a few months since I first shared my pick for InvestorPlace’s Best Stocks for the 2017 contest! As you may recall, I put my money on Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL), a global consumer goods company with a wide portfolio of well-known brands, including Elmer’s glue, Sharpie markers, Yankee Candle and Paper Mate pens. While Newell Brands was a little slow out of the gate this year, we’re still out in front of about 70% of the stocks on the market. NWL is up 6% year-to-date versus about 4.4% for the S&P 500, and factoring in our first 19-cent dividend for the year extends our lead. How Is NWL Stock Doing? The key here is what powerhouse banks like JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) have started discovering in the last few weeks. As NWL buys new products and sells off old ones, it’s far from a zero-sum game: the goal is always to strengthen as well as streamline the overall operating footprint. Sometimes this means liquidating bread-and-butter segments like tools and matches in order to free up room on the balance sheet to acquire faster-growing or higher-margin businesses like the Yankee Candle chain and Jostens’ school yearbooks. Management keeps dealing cards in search of the best hand to capture today’s consumer tastes. The current hand is relatively cash-rich and product-lean. Revenue is tracking 10% above last year’s levels and margins are creeping up as the latest round of acquisitions starts generating operational synergies. That process was a little sluggish last quarter, which hurt our standings early on, but management was confident enough about a month ago to not only confirm Wall Street’s expectations but get the whisper numbers moving up 1%-2% in recent weeks. And with the tool business sale retiring over $1.8 billion in debt from the balance sheet, NWL is quickly opening up room to make new deals when the opportunities emerge. A few hints of how double-digit growth is going to continue in 2018 and beyond should get the analysts buzzing again. In fact, we’re beginning to hear some of that buzz now. Consensus already indicates that NWL can climb 20% over the next year, which would let us score close to 30% including dividends. But that’s counting the most bearish people on the Street, the ones who at worst begrudgingly admit that this stock has come as far as it can go — the real bulls keep raising their targets far beyond $60 (NWL is currently trading around $47, giving it plenty of more room to run). While there may be bears feeling otherwise, I remain bullish on the name and look forward to where NWL goes next. Hilary Kramer is the editor of GameChangers, Breakout Stocks, High Octane Trader, Absolute Capital Return and Value Authority. She is an accomplished investment specialist and market strategist with more than 25 years of experience in portfolio management, equity research, trading, and risk management. She has extensive expertise in global financial management, asset allocation, investment banking and private equity ventures, and is regularly sought after to provide her analysis on Bloomberg, CNBC, Fox Business Network and other media. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/best-stocks-for-2017-newell-brands-inc-nwl-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Will Panera Sell Out to SBUX or MCD? Tesla Stock Hits New Highs, Threatens Massive Breakout 3 Semiconductors Still Worth Buying Now 3 Entertainment Stocks to Buy as Summer Approaches 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April 3 Entertainment Stocks to Buy as Summer Approaches 3 Biotech Trades for the Faux Doomsday Scenario 3 Soaring Semiconductor Stocks Still Worth Buying Most Popular The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Google fights to win back advertisers - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Google fights to win back advertisers Posted: Monday, April 3, 2017 4:32 PM EDT Updated: Monday, April 3, 2017 7:02 PM EDT Google is pulling out all the stops to win back advertisers after a big brand boycott last month over extremist content. So far, though, many brands are still playing hard to get. By Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Google is pulling out all the stops to win back advertisers after a big brand boycott last month over extremist content. So far, though, many brands are still playing hard to get. A spokesperson for Google said Monday it will begin working with "trusted" third-party firms to better identify offensive YouTube content that brands may not want to place ads next to. Google also said it is now relying on artificial intelligence to pinpoint content that could be objectionable to advertisers. An investigation published last month by The Times in London revealed that ads from companies like the BBC and L'Oreal were placed near content on YouTube posted by religious extremists, a Ku Klux Klan leader and more. That finding prompted an advertiser exodus in the UK and US. AT&T, Verizon, Walmart, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase and others all confirmed suspending ads on YouTube. Despite Monday's announcement, reps for AT&T, Verizon, General Motors and FX Networks told CNNTech there is no reversal yet of their earlier decisions to halt ads. (AT&T has agreed to acquire Time Warner, the parent company of CNN. The deal is pending regulatory approval.) Other brands, including Coca Cola, Walmart, Starbucks and Chase, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Only Johnson & Johnson confirmed changing its mind -- in select markets. "Johnson & Johnson has resumed YouTube digital advertising in a number of select countries following the implementation of increased brand protection measures by Google," Carol Goodrich, a spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson, said in a statement. The muted brand reaction highlights the challenge Google faces in fully moving past this advertiser outcry. "For larger marketers, any one instance of an inappropriate brand placement may be enough to seriously harm a brand's business value," Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group, wrote in an investor note last month that raised concerns about the issue. James Cakmak, an analyst with Monness, Crespi, Hardt, argues the ongoing brand boycott is a "power play" to get concessions from the Internet advertising giant. "If there was a window to take back some of that leverage, they took it," Cakmak told CNNTech. But it will be temporary, he adds. "At the end of the day, you can't ignore a platform with over one billion users." Cakmak estimates the financial hit to Google from the boycott could be as much as $500 million -- a significant sum, but a small amount for a company that posted $26 billion in sales last quarter. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Google fights to win back advertisers Google fights to win back advertisers Posted on Monday, April 3, 2017 by CNN in Business News Google is pulling out all the stops to win back advertisers after a big brand boycott last month over extremist content. So far, though, many brands are still playing hard to get. A spokesperson for Google said Monday it will begin working with “trusted” third-party firms to better identify offensive YouTube content that brands may not want to place ads next to. Google also said it is now relying on artificial intelligence to pinpoint content that could be objectionable to advertisers. An investigation published last month by The Times in London revealed that ads from companies like the BBC and L’Oreal were placed near content on YouTube posted by religious extremists, a Ku Klux Klan leader and more. That finding prompted an advertiser exodus in the UK and US. AT&T, Verizon, Walmart, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase and others all confirmed suspending ads on YouTube. Despite Monday’s announcement, reps for AT&T, Verizon, General Motors and FX Networks told CNNTech there is no reversal yet of their earlier decisions to halt ads. (AT&T has agreed to acquire Time Warner, the parent company of CNN. The deal is pending regulatory approval.) Other brands, including Coca Cola, Walmart, Starbucks and Chase, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Only Johnson & Johnson confirmed changing its mind — in select markets. “Johnson & Johnson has resumed YouTube digital advertising in a number of select countries following the implementation of increased brand protection measures by Google,” Carol Goodrich, a spokeswoman for Johnson & Johnson, said in a statement. The muted brand reaction highlights the challenge Google faces in fully moving past this advertiser outcry. “For larger marketers, any one instance of an inappropriate brand placement may be enough to seriously harm a brand’s business value,” Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group, wrote in an investor note last month that raised concerns about the issue. James Cakmak, an analyst with Monness, Crespi, Hardt, argues the ongoing brand boycott is a “power play” to get concessions from the Internet advertising giant. “If there was a window to take back some of that leverage, they took it,” Cakmak told CNNTech. But it will be temporary, he adds. “At the end of the day, you can’t ignore a platform with over one billion users.” Cakmak estimates the financial hit to Google from the boycott could be as much as $500 million — a significant sum, but a small amount for a company that posted $26 billion in sales last quarter. Trump's trust lets him take money at any time UPS unveils Saturday delivery -- and 6,000 new jobs Related Posts Ashley Madison threatened to expose customers who disputed bills Thanks, Janet! Fed saves day for big banks ‘Corinthian 15’ launch ‘debt strike’ over student loans Zenefits slashes its workforce — again Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Swedbank AB - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swedbank AB with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Swedbank AB (SWDBY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Canadian Tire Co. Limited (CTC.A) Receives C$167.36 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Given News Impact Rating of -0.36 Century Casinos, Inc. (CNTY) Chairman Erwin Et Al Haitzmann Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock Medovex Corp. (MDVX) Director Scott Haufe Acquires 250,612 Shares of Stock Panhandle Oil and Gas Inc. (PHX) CEO Paul Blanchard, Jr. Buys 14,500 Shares of Stock Ducommun Incorporated (DCO) VP James S. Heiser Sells 6,150 Shares of Stock Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.36 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Effect Acxiom (ACXM) Stock Price Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Earns Underweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Angie's List Inc (ANGI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Overweight Rating for Metlife Inc (MET) National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Receives $50.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Vinci SA (DG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Receives $62.20 Average Price Target from Brokerages Christie Group plc (CTG) Announces Dividend Increase – GBX 1.50 Per Share PerkinElmer (PKI) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider James A. Pattison Purchases 75,000 Shares Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) CFO Brian Jenkins Sells 22,500 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 36,320 Shares Swedbank AB (SWDBY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Swedbank AB (OTCMKTS:SWDBY) has earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the nine analysts that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, four have assigned a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $28.00. A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on SWDBY shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Swedbank AB from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Barclays PLC cut shares of Swedbank AB from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Jennings Capital cut shares of Swedbank AB from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating on shares of Swedbank AB in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Shares of Swedbank AB (OTCMKTS:SWDBY) traded down 0.43% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $23.12. 16,855 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $25.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.66 and a beta of 1.19. Swedbank AB has a 1-year low of $19.08 and a 1-year high of $26.09. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $25.14 and its 200-day moving average is $24.03. WARNING: “Swedbank AB (SWDBY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/swedbank-ab-swdby-given-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Swedbank AB Company Profile Swedbank AB is a savings bank. The Company offers financial services and products in its home markets of Sweden, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The Company’s segments are Swedish Banking, Baltic Banking, Large corporates & Institutions, and Group Functions & Other. The Company offers products mainly in the areas of lending, payments and savings. Receive News & Ratings for Swedbank AB Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swedbank AB and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vinci SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vinci SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Overweight Rating for Metlife Inc (MET) National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Receives $50.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Vinci SA (DG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Receives $62.20 Average Price Target from Brokerages Christie Group plc (CTG) Announces Dividend Increase – GBX 1.50 Per Share PerkinElmer (PKI) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider James A. Pattison Purchases 75,000 Shares Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) CFO Brian Jenkins Sells 22,500 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 36,320 Shares China Biologic Products (CBPO) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows National-Oilwell Varco (NOV) Earning Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Set Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target at $126.25 Informa Plc (INF) Receives GBX 769.87 Average Price Target from Analysts Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) Major Shareholder Capital Royalty L.P. Acquires 4,000,000 Shares FMC Corp’s (FMC) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Instinet Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Major Shareholder Lilly Endowment Inc Sells 210,000 Shares of Stock Nutanix Inc (NTNX) EVP David Sangster Sells 300,000 Shares Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Give Endeavour Silver Corp (EDR) a C$5.50 Price Target Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for RDS-A (RDS-A) Vinci SA (DG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Vinci SA (EPA:DG) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eleven ratings firms that are covering the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and seven have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month price target among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is €74.82 ($79.59). DG has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vinci SA in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €84.00 ($89.36) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Berenberg Bank set a €84.00 ($89.36) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Morgan Stanley set a €63.00 ($67.02) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €77.00 ($81.91) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Shares of Vinci SA (EPA:DG) traded up 0.22% during midday trading on Monday, reaching €74.46. The company had a trading volume of 1,265,564 shares. Vinci SA has a 52-week low of €49.93 and a 52-week high of €75.03. The company’s 50-day moving average is €70.42 and its 200-day moving average is €66.25. The firm has a market cap of €41.30 billion and a P/E ratio of 16.62. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/vinci-sa-dg-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Vinci SA Company Profile Vinci SA is a France-based company involved in construction and engineering. It designs, builds, finances and manages facilities such as transport systems, public and private buildings, urban developments, and water, energy and communication networks. It divides its business into two sectors: concessions and contracting. Receive News & Ratings for Vinci SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vinci SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ocular Therapeutix Inc (OCUL) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Allianz SE (AZ) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brookline Bancorp (BRKL) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.69 Bridgeline Digital (BLIN) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 B&G Foods (BGS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 National Grid plc (NG) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Expect Consolidated Water Co. Ltd. (CWCO) to Post $0.11 Earnings Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research BTIG Research Reiterates Buy Rating for Macerich Co (MAC) Zacks: ReneSola Ltd. (SOL) Given $2.05 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Weyco Group, Inc. (WEYS) Given $26.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Dixie Group Inc (DXYN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Set $52.00 Price Target for Albany International Corp. (AIN) CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Jeremy Wiebe Sells 40,000 Shares of Engold Mines Ltd (EGM) Stock 180 Degree Capital Corp (TURN) Director Purchases $20,003.28 in Stock Safestay PLC (SSTY) Receives Hold Rating from Canaccord Genuity FMC Corp (FMC) Upgraded to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Allianz SE (AZ) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Allianz SE (NYSE:AZ) has received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the six brokerages that are presently covering the firm. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have issued a buy rating on the company. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on AZ shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Baader Bank restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. DZ Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research note on Friday, February 17th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/allianz-se-az-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. About Allianz SE Allianz SE is a financial service company. The Company is the holding company of the Allianz Group. The Company operates in the field of reinsurance, providing reinsurance protection for Allianz Group companies, in particular. The Company’s segments include Property-Casualty, Life/Health, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vertex Pharmaceuticals’ (VRTX) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at JMP Securities Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Upgraded by Maxim Group to Buy Uni-Pixel’s (UNXL) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co. Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Sse Plc (SSE) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Receives Outperform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Given “Sell” Rating at Roth Capital Allianz SE (AZ) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Suburban Propane Partners LP (SPH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Boohoo.Com PLC (BOO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Summit Therapeutics PLC (SMMT) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Ocular Therapeutix Inc (OCUL) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Allianz SE (AZ) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brookline Bancorp (BRKL) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.69 Bridgeline Digital (BLIN) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 B&G Foods (BGS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Allianz SE (AZ) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG restated their buy rating on shares of Allianz SE (NYSE:AZ) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on AZ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Allianz SE in a report on Friday, March 17th. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Allianz SE in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Allianz SE in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Baader Bank reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Allianz SE in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Allianz SE currently has an average rating of Buy. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/allianz-se-az-given-buy-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. Allianz SE Company Profile Allianz SE is a financial service company. The Company is the holding company of the Allianz Group. The Company operates in the field of reinsurance, providing reinsurance protection for Allianz Group companies, in particular. The Company’s segments include Property-Casualty, Life/Health, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Safestay PLC (SSTY) Receives Hold Rating from Canaccord Genuity FMC Corp (FMC) Upgraded to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Altona Energy Plc (ANR) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Rating Lowered to C+ at TheStreet James Garfield Macveigh Buys 100,000 Shares of ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Stock Ann Manix Sells 1,000 Shares of CompX International Inc. (CIX) Stock Insider Selling: Saga Communications, Inc. (SGA) Major Shareholder Sells 3,066 Shares of Stock Blue Hills Bancorp (BHBK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Brokerages Set $113.50 Price Target for Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Zacks: Gafisa SA (GFA) Given $20.49 Average Target Price by Analysts Sprott’s (SII) Market Perform Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Brokerages Set $44.00 Target Price for National Research Co. (NRCIB) Analysts Anticipate Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) to Announce $0.91 Earnings Per Share Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Downgraded by TheStreet WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Upgraded to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Steris PLC (STE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG SAP SE (SAP) Receives “Buy” Rating from DZ Bank AG Zacks: Analysts Set $23.50 Price Target for Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Friday. According to Zacks, “OMA operates and manages 13 international airports in the north and central regions of Mexico. OMA’s airports serve Monterrey, México’s third largest metropolitan area, the tourist destinations of Acapulco, Mazatlan, and Zihuatanejo, and nine other regional centers and border cities. OMA’s airports fulfill international safety norms and have received environmental compliance certificates. Their corporate name is Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V., and they serve their passengers, their airlines, and their business partners under the commercial name OMA. “ OMAB has been the subject of several other research reports. Scotiabank cut shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from an outperform rating to a sector perform rating in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $76.33. Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) traded down 0.79% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $42.84. The stock had a trading volume of 34,174 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.33 and a beta of 0.98. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $38.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $40.25. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort has a 12-month low of $30.05 and a 12-month high of $53.58. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/grupo-aeroportuario-del-centro-nort-omab-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of OMAB. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $9,200,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 57.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 331,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,464,000 after buying an additional 121,200 shares during the last quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK boosted its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 2,810,462 shares of the company’s stock valued at $97,074,000 after buying an additional 100,600 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 44.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 41,337 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,945,000 after buying an additional 12,669 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Conning Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the third quarter valued at approximately $490,000. Institutional investors own 10.80% of the company’s stock. About Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB. de C.V. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain and develop over 10 airports in Mexico. The Company’s segments include Metropolitan, Tourist, Regional, Border, Hotel and Other. The Company also engages in various commercial and diversification activities conducted at its airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and retailers, the operation of parking facilities, and the operation of the NH Terminal 2 Hotel and the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at the Monterrey airport. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: NVIDIA April 03, 2017 11:47 ET NVIDIA to Host World's Premier AI Conference Eighth Annual GPU Technology Conference Set for May 8-11 in San Jose SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 3, 2017) - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), a world leader in AI computing technology, will host its eighth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on May 8-11, at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver a keynote on Wednesday, May 10, to an expected audience of 8,000 attendees. GTC is the largest event of the year for developers, data scientists and executives in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual reality and self-driving cars. Attendance has grown fourfold since the first event in 2009. This year's conference will occupy the entire 373,000-square-foot convention center. The four-day conference will feature more than 500 speaking sessions and 150 exhibitors. Topics include deep learning and AI, data center and cloud computing, analytics, healthcare, self-driving and AI cars, life sciences, defense, virtual and augmented reality, computer and machine vision, smart cities, robotics and IoT. Speakers include tech leaders from Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Argo AI, Audi, Baidu, Boeing, Facebook, Ford, GE, GlaxoSmithKline, Google, HERE, Honda, IBM, JP Morgan Chase, Lockheed Martin, Massachusetts General Hospital, Mercedes-Benz, Microsoft, MIT, NASA, National Cancer Institute, National Institute of Health, NYU, Oculus, OpenAI, Pixar, Salesforce, Samsung, Stanford and VMware. GTC is a great opportunity for developers and data scientists to sharpen their skills. 4,000 developers will attend 70 labs this year, including self-paced and hands-on instruction in autonomous vehicle technology, CUDA, deep learning, embedded applications, OpenACC, virtual reality and more. The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute will conduct more than a dozen self-paced and instructor-led labs, using the latest AI frameworks and SDKs, for 2,500 data scientists. Every year NVIDIA recognizes disruptive AI startups at the show. This year the company will award $600,000 in prizes to three winners from the 2,000 AI startups in its Inception program. As part of its Global Impact Award, an additional $150,000 in prizes will go to two research groups for pioneering work addressing important social and humanitarian problems. View the GTC session schedule and register to attend at www.gputechconf.com. Discounted rates are available through April 5th. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr. About NVIDIA NVIDIA's (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the expected event details, topics and attendees for GTC are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice. Contact Information For further information, contact: Ken Brown Director, Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation (408) 486-2626 kebrown@nvidia.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company NVIDIA From this industry Electronics and Semiconductors From this sub-industry Semiconductors See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links NVIDIA About NVIDIA Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.nvidia.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Bartek Sadowski/Bloomberg Europe’s Divorce From Diesel Is About to Get Messy Elisabeth Behrmann and Tom Lavell April 3, 2017, 9:03 AM EDT Shift to cut German carmakers’ profit by 5%, JPMorgan says Mercedes, Audi seen benefiting with longer-range electric cars Diesel engines are set to lose their dominance in Europe as Volkswagen AG’s emissions cheating raises doubts about the technology’s advantages. Demand for diesel cars is likely to plunge to some 30 percent of the region’s total auto sales by 2020 from about half currently, hampering manufacturers’ profit growth while speeding up a push to develop battery-powered models, analysts including Jose Asumendi at JPMorgan Chase & Co. said Monday in a report. German carmakers will probably experience an average 5 percent earnings reduction as they promote less profitable hybrid models to meet European Union emissions regulations and as prices drop for used diesel vehicles coming off lease, the analysts said. Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG’s Audi division, along with French rival PSA Group, are in the best position to win customers as they bring out longer-range electric vehicles starting next year. Diesel cars’ popularity in Europe has been waning as Volkswagen’s emissions-test manipulation scandal, which emerged in late 2015, compounded concerns that pollutants from the fuel are outweighing the benefits of its lower CO2 emissions. Mercedes outlined plans last week to accelerate a rollout of battery-powered cars by 2022, saying combustion engines would continue to be refined only for a transitional period. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up “Diesel’s share in Europe has been declining for years because of stricter emissions regulation making the technology more expensive,” and potential restrictions on the models in cities such as Munich will probably damp sales further, Thomas Schlick, an automotive consultant at Roland Berger, said by phone. “The longer-term implications for a drop in combustion-engine demand are significant for the industry as by our calculations about one-third of jobs in the auto industry are related to drive-train technology.” Most parts suppliers generate less than 5 percent of revenue purely from diesel systems, JPMorgan’s Asumendi said in the report. As the auto industry adopts hybrid and electric powering, investors will probably lose interest in component makers that focus on combustion-engine systems. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Musk Trolls Shorts as Tesla's Value Hits Record, Passes Ford Tesla Beats Estimate With 25,000 Deliveries as Model 3 Nears Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qiwi PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc (PTI) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Qiwi PLC (QIWI) to Hold Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY (RBCAA) Raised to “Outperform” at Hovde Group Zacks Investment Research Lowers Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI) to Hold Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research ResMed Inc. (RMD) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Upgraded to “Buy” at Compass Point Altria Group’s (MO) “Equal Weight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Citigroup Inc Begins Coverage on Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) BroadSoft (BSFT) Given News Impact Rating of 0.31 B. Riley Comments on Franklin Covey Co.’s Q4 2018 Earnings (FC) Insider Selling: Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Director Sells $25,500.00 in Stock Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earning Critical Press Coverage, Report Finds Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Drexel Hamilton Reiterates “Buy” Rating for NetApp Inc. (NTAP) WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Dollarama Inc (DOL) Price Target Increased to C$125.00 by Analysts at CIBC Evotec AG’s (EVTCY) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Qiwi PLC (QIWI) to Hold April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “QIWI plc operates as a provider of next generation payment services primarily in Russia and the CIS. The Company has an integrated network that enables payment services across physical, online and mobile channels. It enables merchants to accept cash and electronic payments from virtual wallets, and operates cash-collecting terminals and kiosks. QIWI plc is based in Moscow, the Russian Federation. “ Shares of Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) opened at 17.11 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $15.22 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.95. Qiwi PLC has a 12-month low of $10.42 and a 12-month high of $17.41. The company has a market cap of $1.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.01 and a beta of 3.54. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/zacks-investment-research-lowers-qiwi-plc-qiwi-to-hold.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 10th. Investors of record on Monday, April 3rd will be issued a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.73%. Qiwi PLC’s payout ratio is 112.63%. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Qiwi PLC by 3.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,401,014 shares of the company’s stock worth $49,790,000 after buying an additional 113,951 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Qiwi PLC by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 730,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,328,000 after buying an additional 32,300 shares during the last quarter. J. Goldman & Co LP raised its stake in shares of Qiwi PLC by 126.1% in the fourth quarter. J. Goldman & Co LP now owns 316,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,043,000 after buying an additional 176,600 shares during the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Qiwi PLC during the fourth quarter worth about $3,710,000. Finally, Van ECK Associates Corp raised its stake in shares of Qiwi PLC by 34.8% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 218,501 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,790,000 after buying an additional 56,381 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 41.87% of the company’s stock. About Qiwi PLC QIWI plc is a provider of payment services in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The Company’s network enables payment services across physical, online and mobile channels. The Company operates in target markets and customer segments. It had deployed over 16.1 million virtual wallets, approximately 172,000 kiosks and terminals, and enabled merchants to accept cash and electronic payments. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Qiwi PLC (QIWI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Qiwi PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Citizens Bank Hires Chapin Bates as NYC Metro Regional Executive Former JP Morgan managing director to lead Providence, R.I.-based bank’s NYC Metro operations Chapin Bates (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Chapin Bates (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 03, 2017 10:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Citizens Bank has hired Chapin Bates as regional executive and head of NYC Metro. Bates joins Citizens following a successful 20-plus year career at JP Morgan Chase. “The NYC Metro region represents an area where we have an attractive opportunity to further grow our business,” said Donald H. McCree, vice chairman and head of commercial banking at Citizens. “Chapin is well-positioned to bring considerable leadership and innovative solutions to our clients in the region.” Bates has a strong track record of growing businesses and is a proven leader in the Metro NYC region. Most recently at JPMC, he was Managing Director and Head of Middle Market Banking for Manhattan and Brooklyn. Prior to that role, he led a national team as Head of F/X and Rate Derivative Sales. Bates has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Hobart College and a Masters of Management from Northwestern University’s J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management. Citizens is positioned as a strategic and financial partner, offering deep expertise, great ideas and seamless deal execution. The Citizens Commercial Banking approach puts clients first, and offers solutions that help clients make the best decisions throughout the life cycle of their business. For more information about Citizens, visit the Citizens Commercial Banking website. About Citizens Financial Group, Inc. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. is one of the nation’s oldest and largest financial institutions, with $149.5 billion in assets as of December 31, 2016. Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Citizens offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. In Consumer Banking, Citizens helps its retail customers “bank better” with mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,200 ATMs and approximately 1,200 Citizens Bank branches in 11 states in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. Citizens also provides wealth management, mortgage lending, auto lending, student lending and commercial banking services in select markets nationwide. In Commercial Banking, Citizens offers corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest hedging, leasing and asset finance, specialty finance and trade finance. Citizens operates through its subsidiaries Citizens Bank, N.A., and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania as Citizens Bank, Citizens Commercial Banking and Citizens One. Additional information about Citizens and its full line of products and services can be found at www.citizensbank.com. Contacts Citizens Financial Group, Inc. Frank Quaratiello, 617-725-5851 frank.quaratiello@citizensbank.com Contacts Citizens Financial Group, Inc. Frank Quaratiello, 617-725-5851 frank.quaratiello@citizensbank.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News NVIDIA to Host World’s Premier AI Conference SANTA CLARA, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 3, 2017) – NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), a world leader in AI computing technology, will host its eighth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on May 8-11, at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver a keynote on Wednesday, May 10, to an expected audience of 8,000 attendees. GTC is the largest event of the year for developers, data scientists and executives in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual reality and self-driving cars. Attendance has grown fourfold since the first event in 2009. This year’s conference will occupy the entire 373,000-square-foot convention center. The four-day conference will feature more than 500 speaking sessions and 150 exhibitors. Topics include deep learning and AI, data center and cloud computing, analytics, healthcare, self-driving and AI cars, life sciences, defense, virtual and augmented reality, computer and machine vision, smart cities, robotics and IoT. Speakers include tech leaders from Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Argo AI, Audi, Baidu, Boeing, Facebook, Ford, GE, GlaxoSmithKline, Google, HERE, Honda, IBM, JP Morgan Chase, Lockheed Martin, Massachusetts General Hospital, Mercedes-Benz, Microsoft, MIT, NASA, National Cancer Institute, National Institute of Health, NYU, Oculus, OpenAI, Pixar, Salesforce, Samsung, Stanford and VMware. GTC is a great opportunity for developers and data scientists to sharpen their skills. 4,000 developers will attend 70 labs this year, including self-paced and hands-on instruction in autonomous vehicle technology, CUDA, deep learning, embedded applications, OpenACC, virtual reality and more. The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute will conduct more than a dozen self-paced and instructor-led labs, using the latest AI frameworks and SDKs, for 2,500 data scientists. Every year NVIDIA recognizes disruptive AI startups at the show. This year the company will award $600,000 in prizes to three winners from the 2,000 AI startups in its Inception program. As part of its Global Impact Award, an additional $150,000 in prizes will go to two research groups for pioneering work addressing important social and humanitarian problems. View the GTC session schedule and register to attend at www.gputechconf.com. Discounted rates are available through April 5th. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr. About NVIDIA NVIDIA‚s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the expected event details, topics and attendees for GTC are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice. CategoriesUncategorized TagsNASDAQ:NVDA Post navigation Previous PostPrevious GrowBlox Sciences, Inc. (GBLX: OTCQB) | GB Sciences Submits Offer to Louisiana State University (LSU) for Providing the Cultivation, Extraction, Processing and Production of Medical Cannabis Pursuant to the Alison Neustrom Act Next PostNext AIDS Services Foundation Orange County Announces New Board Officers Search Recent Posts Over 5,000 expected to attend NWSL Seattle Reign FC vs. UCLA Bruins Women’s soccer on April 4th Gossan Grants Stock Options CipherLoc Announces Collaboration with Northern Arizona University Inertial Measurement Units in Global Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends & Forecast 2017-2022 Fire Up Your Taste Buds with Crown Maple and Horseshoe Brand Collaboration Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages TESARO Inc (TSRO) PT Raised to $202.00 at FBR & Co Visteon Corp (VC) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Tegna Inc (TGNA) Tenneco Inc (TEN) Now Covered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tudor Pickering Upgrades Parker Drilling Company (PKD) to Buy Zacks Investment Research Lowers Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) to Hold Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms “Negative” Rating for Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) PT Lowered to $19.00 Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Evercore ISI Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Earning Negative News Coverage, Report Shows Arc Logistics Partners (ARCX) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Sothebys (BID) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.40 Ares Management (ARES) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Arc Logistics Partners (ARCX) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds Caleres (CAL) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 Toth Financial Advisory Corp Purchases 2,246 Shares of Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Nestle SA (NSRGY) Stake Decreased by Beacon Financial Group Toth Financial Advisory Corp Has $1,440,000 Position in J M Smucker Co (SJM) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) have earned an average rating of “Buy” from the fifteen brokerages that are currently covering the company. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating on the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $30.35. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on VOD. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Standpoint Research began coverage on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set an “accumulate” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc downgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/vodafone-group-plc-vod-receives-consensus-rating-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 1.9% in the third quarter. Chesley Taft & Associates LLC now owns 24,910 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $726,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the last quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2.5% in the third quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 39,600 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $1,154,000 after buying an additional 953 shares during the last quarter. MAI Capital Management increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2.3% in the third quarter. MAI Capital Management now owns 34,670 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $1,011,000 after buying an additional 793 shares during the last quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 21.2% in the third quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL now owns 15,544 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $453,000 after buying an additional 2,723 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Trust Co increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 6.5% in the second quarter. Trust Co now owns 32,766 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $1,012,000 after buying an additional 1,993 shares during the last quarter. 9.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded down 0.98% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $26.17. 1,455,060 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Vodafone Group Plc has a 12 month low of $24.17 and a 12 month high of $34.70. The firm’s market cap is $73.05 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $25.46 and a 200-day moving average of $26.43. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Parker Drilling Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker Drilling Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Visteon Corp (VC) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Tegna Inc (TGNA) Tenneco Inc (TEN) Now Covered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tudor Pickering Upgrades Parker Drilling Company (PKD) to Buy Zacks Investment Research Lowers Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) to Hold Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms “Negative” Rating for Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) PT Lowered to $19.00 Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Evercore ISI Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Earning Negative News Coverage, Report Shows Arc Logistics Partners (ARCX) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Sothebys (BID) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.40 Ares Management (ARES) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Arc Logistics Partners (ARCX) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds Caleres (CAL) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 Toth Financial Advisory Corp Purchases 2,246 Shares of Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Nestle SA (NSRGY) Stake Decreased by Beacon Financial Group Toth Financial Advisory Corp Has $1,440,000 Position in J M Smucker Co (SJM) Toth Financial Advisory Corp Has $1,799,000 Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Beacon Financial Group Has $7,978,000 Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on PDC Energy Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (PDCE) Tudor Pickering Upgrades Parker Drilling Company (PKD) to Buy April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) was upgraded by analysts at Tudor Pickering from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report released on Monday, The Fly reports. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Parker Drilling Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $2.95. Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) opened at 1.75 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $1.95 and its 200 day moving average price is $2.25. The company’s market capitalization is $218.45 million. Parker Drilling Company has a one year low of $1.35 and a one year high of $3.16. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Tudor Pickering Upgrades Parker Drilling Company (PKD) to Buy” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/tudor-pickering-upgrades-parker-drilling-company-pkd-to-buy.html. In related news, Director Peter Thomas Fontana acquired 160,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $1.90 per share, for a total transaction of $304,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 168,021 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $319,239.90. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 3.68% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Towle & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 13.8% in the third quarter. Towle & Co. now owns 8,351,019 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,122,000 after buying an additional 1,010,650 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 1,347.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,132,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,143,000 after buying an additional 2,915,700 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,379,683 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,164,000 after buying an additional 182,181 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,328,686 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,056,000 after buying an additional 72,428 shares during the period. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 2.5% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,641,601 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,563,000 after buying an additional 40,007 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.07% of the company’s stock. About Parker Drilling Company Parker Drilling Company (Parker Drilling) is a provider of contract drilling, and drilling-related services and rental tools and services. The Company’s business consists of two business lines: drilling services and rental tools services. Its Rental Tools Services business includes U.S. Rental Tools and International Rental Tools segments, and its Drilling Services business includes its U.S. Receive News & Ratings for Parker Drilling Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker Drilling Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Effie Worldwide Relaunches Board of Directors NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Effie Worldwide announced today a new board of directors formed to further impact the nonprofit’s mission to serve as a forum for marketing effectiveness. The board includes representation from major brands, entertainment and media companies, and a position for an agency from each of the top 5 advertising agency holding companies, as well as an independent agency seat. Since 1968, Effie has been championing and improving the practice and practitioners of marketing effectiveness through the Effie Awards, Effie Index and educational initiatives in over 48 programs throughout the world. “For nearly fifty years, Effie Worldwide has served as the industry barometer for marketing effectiveness, holding us all accountable to delivering value back to our businesses. We strive to be the source of truth for what makes marketing effective,” said Carolyn Everson, VP, Global Marketing Solutions, Facebook, who has also served as Chair of Effie Worldwide’s current Board of Directors for the past two years. “Our incoming Board of Directors was strategically planned to include leaders who impact and influence today’s marketing ecosystem, and who will steer the mission of Effie for the future.” Daryl Lee, Global CEO, Universal McCann, who has served on the board since 2011 is the incoming Board Chair of Effie Worldwide, when the new board transitions in June 2017. Past Board Chair Taylor Gray, Partner at Revlyst, will serve as Treasurer. Ellen Hyde Pace, Global Client Leader of Red Fuse Communications, who has been committed to Effies mission since 2002, as a board member and frequent North American Effie Awards Judging Chair will serve as Secretary. The incoming Effie Worldwide Board of Directors include: Jack Bamberger, SVP, Global Head of Agency Development, AOL Torrence Boone, VP, Global Agency Sales & Services, Google Wendy Clark, President & CEO, DDB North America Carolyn Everson, VP, Global Marketing Solutions, Facebook Jae Goodman, Chief Creative Officer & Co-Head of CAA Marketing, Creative Artists Agency Pam Hamlin, Global CEO, Arnold Worldwide Catherine Hayes, Executive Director, Wharton Future of Advertising Program Dave Hohman, EVP & Managing Director, Agency Solutions, Nielsen Tamara Ingram, CEO, Worldwide, J. Walter Thompson Company Kristin Lemkau, Chief Marketing Officer, JPMorgan Chase Vineet Mehra, EVP & Chief Marketing Officer, Ancestry.com Nigel Morris, CEO, Dentsu Aegis Network Ann Mukherjee, Global Chief Marketing Officer, SC Johnson Michelle Peluso, Chief Marketing Officer, IBM Bea Perez, Chief Sustainability Officer, SVP Global Partnerships, Marketing Assets & Innovation, Licensing & Retail Attractions Chair, The Coca-Cola Company Carla Serrano, CEO, Publicis New York, Publicis North America Keith Weed, Chief Marketing & Communications Officer, Unilever Karina Wilsher, Partner, Global COO, Anomaly Linda Yaccarino, Chairman of Advertising Sales and Client Partnerships, NBCUniversal One of the first items on the agenda for the board of directors is to find a successor to Neal Davies, Effie Worldwide’s current President & CEO, who will be moving his family back home to the United Kingdom this summer. Neal joined Effie Worldwide in 2014 as the first agency and marketing veteran to lead the organization. During Neal’s leadership, Effie Worldwide experienced significant growth globally and expansion of its educational programs throughout the world. Neal helped migrate Effie from an awards show to a forum for the industry, with an increased focus on education and learning. “Neal put ‘worldwide’ in Effie Worldwide, by partnering with our licensees to sharpen their programs, growing entries, and fueling an even greater brand purpose. He has served as an ambassador to our industry, spotlighting Effie Worldwide on the global stage. We are grateful for his leadership and vision, and are looking forward to nominating someone to drive this important work forward,” said Everson. “Having spent the last year working with Carolyn and Daryl to assemble the new board, I know it would have been an incredible experience to have stayed on and worked with this stellar group of people,” said Davies. “I will stay involved from Europe and look forward to becoming a judge again. Wherever you are in the world, there’s no better way of keeping our industry honest than the Effies.” About Effie Worldwide Effie Worldwide is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization that stands for effectiveness in marketing communications, spotlighting marketing ideas that work and encouraging thoughtful dialogue about the drivers of marketing effectiveness. The Effie network works with some of the top research and media organizations worldwide to bring its audience relevant and first-class insights into effective marketing strategy. The Effie Awards are known by advertisers and agencies globally as the pre-eminent award in the industry, and recognize any and all forms of marketing communication that contribute to a brand’s success. Since 1968, winning an Effie has become a global symbol of achievement. Today, Effie celebrates effectiveness worldwide with the Global Effie, regional Asia Pacific, Euro, Latin American, North American and Middle East / North Africa Effie programs and more than 40 national Effie programs. For more details, visit www.effie.org. Follow @effieawards on Twitter for updates on Effie information, programs and news. The Effie Effectiveness Index identifies and ranks the marketing communications industry’s most effective agencies, advertisers, and brands by analyzing finalist and winner data from Effie Worldwide competitions. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SPI Strategies Promoted to Core Mandate Status and Receives $100 Million Allocation from Municipal Employees’ Retirement System of Michigan Next PostNext IVP Promotes Roseanne Wincek to Principal Search Recent Posts Canal Project Turns Wastelands into Farmlands in Northern Afghanistan Global Recruitment Process Outsourcing Market by Key Players, Drivers, Growth and Sales Volume to 2021 Global Recruitment Process Outsourcing Market by Key Players, Drivers, Growth and Sales Volume to 2021 Compte-Nickel and BNP Paribas join forces to strengthen commercial partnership with the Confédération des Buralistes de France Global Higher Education Testing and Assessment Market Growth Prospects, Trends Analysis, Demands and Development to 2022 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: NVIDIA April 03, 2017 11:47 ET NVIDIA to Host World's Premier AI Conference Eighth Annual GPU Technology Conference Set for May 8-11 in San Jose SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 3, 2017) - NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA), a world leader in AI computing technology, will host its eighth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on May 8-11, at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver a keynote on Wednesday, May 10, to an expected audience of 8,000 attendees. GTC is the largest event of the year for developers, data scientists and executives in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual reality and self-driving cars. Attendance has grown fourfold since the first event in 2009. This year's conference will occupy the entire 373,000-square-foot convention center. The four-day conference will feature more than 500 speaking sessions and 150 exhibitors. Topics include deep learning and AI, data center and cloud computing, analytics, healthcare, self-driving and AI cars, life sciences, defense, virtual and augmented reality, computer and machine vision, smart cities, robotics and IoT. Speakers include tech leaders from Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Argo AI, Audi, Baidu, Boeing, Facebook, Ford, GE, GlaxoSmithKline, Google, HERE, Honda, IBM, JP Morgan Chase, Lockheed Martin, Massachusetts General Hospital, Mercedes-Benz, Microsoft, MIT, NASA, National Cancer Institute, National Institute of Health, NYU, Oculus, OpenAI, Pixar, Salesforce, Samsung, Stanford and VMware. GTC is a great opportunity for developers and data scientists to sharpen their skills. 4,000 developers will attend 70 labs this year, including self-paced and hands-on instruction in autonomous vehicle technology, CUDA, deep learning, embedded applications, OpenACC, virtual reality and more. The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute will conduct more than a dozen self-paced and instructor-led labs, using the latest AI frameworks and SDKs, for 2,500 data scientists. Every year NVIDIA recognizes disruptive AI startups at the show. This year the company will award $600,000 in prizes to three winners from the 2,000 AI startups in its Inception program. As part of its Global Impact Award, an additional $150,000 in prizes will go to two research groups for pioneering work addressing important social and humanitarian problems. View the GTC session schedule and register to attend at www.gputechconf.com. Discounted rates are available through April 5th. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr. About NVIDIA NVIDIA's (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI -- the next era of computing -- with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Certain statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to the expected event details, topics and attendees for GTC are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners' products; design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including its Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 29, 2017. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company's website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances. © 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice. Contact Information For further information, contact: Ken Brown Director, Corporate Communications NVIDIA Corporation (408) 486-2626 kebrown@nvidia.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company NVIDIA From this industry Electronics and Semiconductors From this sub-industry Semiconductors See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links NVIDIA About NVIDIA Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.nvidia.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 48° Share As millennials ‘Venmo’ each other money, banks fight back with their own mobile apps By James Rufus Koren / Los Angeles Times (TNS) Monday, April 3rd, 2017 at 9:35am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... Apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other. (Dreamstime/TNS) Odds are, you’ve at least heard of Venmo, but there’s also a good chance you haven’t used the mobile app or anything else like it to send money to family or friends. But that’s likely to change over the next few years, as banks, payment companies and even the likes of Google and Facebook push so-called peer-to-peer, or p2p, payment systems — a medium of exchange with revolutionary potential. The apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other, and they even could make inroads at the cash register and with businesses that send refunds and other payments to their customers. Advertisement Continue reading These systems will get a boost later this year when a coalition of the nation’s biggest banks roll out Zelle, a mobile and online money-transfer network that will let any customer of nearly every U.S. bank send money to customers of any other bank using only a phone number or email address. Analysts say the bank-led system — and the related marketing push — should bring online and mobile peer-to-peer payments to a larger audience. Even competitors, notably the popular money transfer app Venmo, say the Zelle rollout could boost their fortunes by making digital-money transfers more mainstream. “We don’t see it as a winner-take-all scenario,” said Josh Criscoe, a spokesman for Venmo owner PayPal. “We welcome any effort to move folks to more digital payments and move toward the smartphone as the central point of financial life. The common enemy is cash.” Online and mobile peer-to-peer payment systems have grown rapidly over the last few years, and analysts expect that to continue. In a report published in March, finance industry research firm Aite Group estimated that Americans made about $147 billion in digital p2p transfers last year, up from $100 billion the year before. Those are big numbers, to be sure, but last year’s sum still only accounted for about 12 percent of the more than $1.2 trillion that Americans paid each other that year, mostly in cash. That means there’s still plenty of growth ahead, said Talie Baker, an analyst at Aite Group. In her report, she estimated that the volume of digital p2p payments will more than double by 2020, topping $316 billion. “Not that many consumers are using mobile payments yet,” Baker said, noting that though these payments are more common among young consumers in big coastal cities, they’re not so ubiquitous elsewhere. “I’m a Gen-X person and I live in Denver — I hadn’t heard of Venmo until 2015.” There are plenty of players in the p2p game. Advertisement Continue reading Square Inc., the payments company behind the tiny white credit card reader that plugs into a smartphone, has a p2p service of its own, Square Cash, which launched in 2013. Following the geometric theme, there’s also Circle, a Boston firm that started the same year and specializes in cross-border p2p transfers in dollars, euros and British pounds. Facebook and Google, too, allow users to send money to friends. Google has Google Wallet, which started as a mobile wallet app but became a p2p payment tool in 2015, and Facebook users have been able to send money through Facebook Messenger since 2015. Square, Google and Facebook don’t report the volume of payments made through their p2p systems, but Facebook in regulatory filings has said that only “a relatively small percentage” of its users have used the payments feature. Venmo is arguably the biggest name in peer-to-peer transfers. It even has the coveted status, like Google, Uber and a few others, of becoming a verb — as in “Venmo me.” Founded in 2009, the company was acquired in 2012 by payment services provider Braintree, which was acquired the following year by online payments giant PayPal — which offers p2p payments under its own name too. But the biggest players in the market are still the banks. Last year, Venmo users transferred $17.6 billion. That’s more than double the volume from 2015, but it’s also much less than the $28 billion transferred in 2016 through QuickPay, JPMorgan Chase’s peer-to-peer payment system. And that’s just one bank. Advertisement Continue reading Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other major financial institutions have had their own p2p transfer programs for years, though it can sometimes be clunky for bank customers to send money to people with accounts at other financial institutions. Aite Group estimates that of all the digital p2p transfers Americans made last year, non-bank systems such as Venmo accounted for only about 17 percent of that. Banks accounted for the rest, though much of that likely was made through banks’ websites, not mobile apps, and much of it was money transferred between customers of the same bank. In part, that’s a statement about who uses different systems, and what they are used for. Venmo and other non-bank systems are accessed about twice as often as bank systems, but for much smaller transactions, according to Aite Group. The average money transfer on a non-bank system is $135; the average for bank systems is $1,359, according to the report. That might suggest that parents sending money to a student for college tuition, for instance, might be more likely to transfer money through a bank, while students are much more likely to split a restaurant bill or bar tab using Venmo. The payment app is also a social network in its own right, with users sending messages to friends when they transfer money — a feature Venmo pioneered. Those messages shed light on what’s behind each transaction and indicate that Venmo is most often used among friends over food and drink, said Criscoe, the Venmo spokesman. “Pizza is the No. 1 emoji on Venmo; beer is a close follow,” he said, adding that other messages suggest users are splitting bigger-ticket items too, such as rent. Though Venmo and other non-bank payment systems are still a small part of the p2p market, banks want to make sure they keep their place in the financial order and keep their customers. This summer, Early Warning, a company owned by some of the nation’s largest banks, will release Zelle, a payment system built to compete with Venmo and others — and, banks hope, to make digital p2p payments more mainstream. Advertisement Continue reading Along with the release, Early Warning will kick off a marketing campaign showing not only how Zelle works but how it might be used. Lou Anne Alexander, president of Early Warning’s payments group, said the focus will be on appealing to older consumers who might not have tried p2p payments. “We’re trying to take (p2p) from millennials to the mainstream–customers might use a product like this,” Alexander said. “That might be managing contributions to the high school marching band or it might be renting a home on the beach with friends or family.” Zelle traces it roots back to 2011, when Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase set out to build a system — initially called ClearXchange — that would allow their customers to send money to each other using only phone numbers and email addresses. Before, customers could only transfer money to friends and family by entering account and routing numbers — information customers often didn’t know and might be concerned about sharing. Zelle is essentially a souped-up, rebranded version of ClearXchange. It will be available to anyone with a U.S. bank account, and it aims to overcome some of the limitations and confusion around the ClearXchange system. Sarah Grotta of research and consulting firm Mercator Advisory Group said banks didn’t do a great job of explaining that ClearXchange would allow customers to send money to customers of other banks. Part of the problem, she said, was that every bank has its own name for its ClearXchange-powered p2p system, including Chase QuickPay, Wells Fargo SurePay and Capital One P2P Payments. “It wasn’t well-marketed that someone at Chase could pay someone at Bank of America because they had different marketing and different branding,” Grotta said. “You could pay someone at any financial institution, but people never realized that.” To address that problem, banks over the next few months will begin rebranding their p2p transfer systems to include Zelle in the name. Chase, for instance, will start calling its system “QuickPay with Zelle.” Customers of more than a dozen big banks — representing most U.S. account holders — will be able to transfer money through the banks’ mobile apps. For other banks and credit unions, customers will be able to do so through the Zelle mobile app, set to be released this summer. Advertisement Continue reading Once the system is running and the marketing campaign kicks off, Grotta expects Zelle to be a hit. “This is going to be a much better user experience than the banks had before,” she said. “I think it will start to catch on once people see that they can in fact send money to another person at another financial institution.” For banks, the stakes are high. Though Venmo and other money transfer apps are tiny by comparison, Baker said banks are rightfully worried about what might happen if their customers interact more often with outside payment companies. If a customer opens an outside p2p payment app once a day and their mobile banking app just once a week, the payment company has more opportunities to sell that customer on products and services the bank would otherwise provide, she said. “Once Venmo builds up a strong enough customer base, then it can say, ‘Hey, come get a credit card from us,’ or ‘Come get a home loan from us,'” Baker said. “That’s the approach some providers are hoping to take.” Banks see other advantages too. Mary Harman, an executive in Bank of America’s consumer payments division, said it’s expensive for banks to process checks and move cash around, so an increase in digital p2p payments could cut costs. She said banks also want to give customers the services and options they want. Some customers, she said, might prefer using Venmo; others might prefer the implied security of managing financial transactions exclusively through their bank. “We serve 65-million households in the U.S., and not everyone will act the same way,” Harman said. We have to recognize that and have different products available in different places.” —— ©2017 Los Angeles Times Visit the Los Angeles Times at www.latimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.   Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Money Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Need to hit friends up for cash? There's an app for that – Jun 25, 2015 Big US banks will be rolling out ATMs that take smartphones, not cards – Feb 17, 2016 Fast money: Banks making it easier to split the tab – May 27, 2016 Venmo now used for more than just paying friends – Apr 3, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vistagen Therapeutics Inc (VTGN) Now Covered by Analysts at Maxim Group Jefferies Group LLC Raises Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Price Target to $80.00 Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Downgraded by Hovde Group to Market Perform Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Tudor Pickering Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Pensionfund Sabic Purchases Shares of 30,400 Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Beacon Financial Group Sells 488 Shares of Praxair, Inc. (PX) Countrywide (CYWDF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Rating Lowered to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Reduced by DA Davidson E.On Se (EOAN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ATKINS WS GBP0.005 (WATKF) to Hold Vetr Inc. Lowers FireEye Inc (FEYE) to Buy Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Marcello Rapini Sells 16,797 Shares of Perpetual Energy Inc. (PMT) Stock Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) PT Lowered to $13.00 National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,100 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Tudor Pickering April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) was upgraded by Tudor Pickering from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday, The Fly reports. Several other research firms also recently issued reports on PTEN. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Guggenheim downgraded shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price objective on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy in a report on Monday, January 9th. Stephens raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $14.00 to $24.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $26.92. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) opened at 24.27 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $26.81 and a 200 day moving average of $25.05. The firm’s market capitalization is $3.56 billion. Patterson-UTI Energy has a 12-month low of $16.06 and a 12-month high of $29.76. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.53) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.01. The business earned $247 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $228.83 million. Patterson-UTI Energy had a negative net margin of 34.79% and a negative return on equity of 13.25%. Patterson-UTI Energy’s quarterly revenue was down 27.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.40) EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Patterson-UTI Energy will post ($1.30) earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th were issued a dividend of $0.02 per share. This represents a $0.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.33%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. Patterson-UTI Energy’s dividend payout ratio is currently -3.69%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Tudor Pickering” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/patterson-uti-energy-inc-pten-upgraded-to-buy-at-tudor-pickering.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its stake in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 0.7% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 59,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,331,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 6.5% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 9,296 shares of the company’s stock worth $208,000 after buying an additional 564 shares in the last quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 3.9% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 15,593 shares of the company’s stock worth $349,000 after buying an additional 580 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 7.1% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 9,450 shares of the company’s stock worth $211,000 after buying an additional 628 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its stake in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 1.4% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 66,170 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,480,000 after buying an additional 940 shares in the last quarter. 98.84% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Patterson-UTI Energy Company Profile Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc is an oilfield services company. The Company owns and operates a fleet of land-based drilling rigs and a fleet of pressure pumping equipment in the United States. The Company’s segments include Contract Drilling, Pressure Pumping and Other operations. The Contract Drilling segment markets its contract drilling services to independent and other oil and natural gas operators. Receive News & Ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Dividend Declaration     LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE ANNOUNCEMENT     JPMORGAN ASIAN INVESTMENT TRUST PLC (the ‚Company’)     DIVIDEND DECLARATION   Second quarterly interim dividend   The Board of JPMorgan Asian Investment Trust plc announces that the Company’s cum income Net Asset Value (‚NAV’) was 343.89 pence per share at 31st March 2017. Accordingly, in line with the Company’s new distribution policy, the Directors have declared that a second quarterly interim dividend of 3.4 pence per share for the year ending 30th September 2017 will be paid on 10th May 2017 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 18th April 2017. The ex-dividend date will be 13th April 2017.   Shareholders are reminded that as announced on 21st December 2016, the new dividend policy aims to pay, in the absence of unforeseen circumstances, a regular quarterly dividend equivalent to 1% of the Company’s NAV on the last business day of each financial quarter, being the end of December, March, June and September.   Please refer to the Chairman’s Statement in the Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30th September 2016 for full details of the new dividend policy. A copy of the Report & Accounts can be found on the Company’s website at www.jpmasian.co.uk       3rd April 2017   Legal Entity Identifier: 5493006R74BNJSJKCB17 Information disclosed in accordance with DTR 6.1.13 For further information, please contact:   Alison Vincent For and on behalf of 020 7742 4000     CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious $MRNJ to Acquire Stake in Buzzlink & Starts $1,000,000 Capital Raise Next PostNext Sprint’s New Cell Sites Hit Network Coverage Out of the Park in Downtown Detroit Search Recent Posts Enrolments Open at Eclipse Early Education Group’s New Centre at Cranbourne East International Tax Planning and Asset Protection for High Net Worth Investors Labor Market Institutions and the Cost of Recessions Allergen Alert: Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. Issues Allergen Alert on Undeclared Peanuts in Wegmans Original Killer Brownies with Pecans, Sold Individually or Pre-packaged by the pound in Bakery in New York State Stores Only IBS Investment Bank Acquires Interest in The Progressive Orthopaedic Company, LLC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Facts 2017-04-03T17:52+02:00 17:52 03.04.2017 Acting Health Minister Suprun declares UAH 131,000 salary in 2016 Salary of Ukrainian Acting Health Minister Ulana Suprun in 2016 amounted to UAH 131,431. According to the electronic declaration for 2016 submitted by Suprun, last year she received a salary for her work at the Ukrainian Catholic University in the amount of UAH 107,977. Suprun has UAH 35 on her account in UniCredit Bank, UAH 18,207 in the public JSC Kredobank, UAH 150,525 in Ukrgazbank. The acting minister has $9,080 at the joint accounts with her husband Mark Suprun in Citibank NA, and $43,683 in JPMorgan Chase Bank NA USA. The joint deposit of spouses in UBS Financial Services Inc. make $3.817 million, Ulana Suprun has $471,332 on her pension account in this financial institution. In addition, Ulana and Mark Suprun received UAH 63,532 in 2016 as interests from their deposit in UBS Financial Services. Mark Suprun also has UAH 44,627 in Raiffeisen Bank Aval. Since August 2014, the spouses have been living in Kyiv in an apartment with an area of 128.7 square meters, which is owned by U.S. citizen Christina Pendzola-Vitovych. Until July 2016, Suprun headed the Patriot Defense NGO. In 2015, the acting health minister earned UAH 36,000 as her salary at the Ukrainian Catholic University. Her husband's salary in 2015 was UAH 37,000. In 2015, Suprun and her husband had $55,400 on their joint bank accounts. Facts IMPORTANT Nine killed, over 20 injured in St. Petersburg metro blast Poroshenko signs law on ratification of free trade agreement with Canada There was only one explosion in St. Petersburg metro Some 50 hurt in explosion in St. Petersburg metro Ten killed in St. Pete metro blast - authorities LATEST Updated data shows 11 killed, 45 injured in St. Petersburg metro blast - NAC Press briefing 'New Law on Privatization: No Politics, Only Economy' by Head of State Property Fund (SPF) Ihor Bilous at Interfax-Ukraine cancelled Un Security Council condemns St. Petersburg terrors attack President confirms ratification of convention between Ukraine and Luxembourg to avoid double taxation Ukrainian foreign minister condoles with families of people killed in St. Pete ADVERTISING SOCIAL ADVERTISING Ukraine U.S. UK Russia Kazakhstan Belarus Customer Login: Newswires Terminal Stock Market УКР РУС ENG Press Center Products & Services About agency Home Facts Economy Video Sport Trial Access Special Topics: Crimea Syria Sberbank Rada Eurovision ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING Loading... ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING ADVERTISING UKR.NET- новости со всей Украины. ADVERTISING WEATHER изучение английского детские куклы Квартиры в Вишневом ADVERTISING Press Center Products & Services Mobile Version Jobs About agency © 1992-2016, Интерфакс-Украина. Все права защищены Вся информация, размещенная на данном веб-сайте, предназначена только для персонального использования и не подлежит дальнейшему воспроизведению и/или распространению в какой-либо форме, иначе как с письменного разрешения "Интерфакс-Украина". Ukraine U.S. UK Russia Kazakhstan Belarus
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 of the Best Cash-Back Credit Card Perks Here are three of the best credit card perks, and some cards that excel for each. Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Apr 3, 2017 at 9:07AM Card companies are increasingly rolling out new cards with lengthier terms and confusing cash-back rewards programs. To combat the complexity, we ranked some of the best cash-back cards depending on a user's specific spending habits and requirements from a new card. Here are the three best cash-back card perks, and five cards that provide some of those perks. Sign-up bonuses Credit card companies will effectively pay new cardholders just for opening an account, with a sign-up bonus for spending a certain amount shortly after opening the card. These bonuses can be very lucrative for new cardholders, given that they act as high-double-digit cash-back rewards cards during the sign-up bonus period. For a no-frills cash-back card with no annual fee and easy sign-up bonus criteria, look no further than JPMorgan Chase's Chase Freedom Unlimited. Cardholders enjoy a $150 cash sign-up bonus for spending just $500 in the first three months after account opening, plus a 1.5% rewards rate on all spending. In the premier card category, Chase Sapphire Preferred offers a sign-up bonus of 50,000 points ($500 in cash, or $625 in travel) for spending $4,000 in the first three months after account opening. The card's ongoing rewards program is a little underwhelming when points are redeemed for cash, and cardholders should know about its $95 annual fee, which is waived for the first year. But the 1% rewards rate (2% for travel and restaurants) doesn't seem to have ever been its biggest draw; the real attraction (from a cash-back standpoint) is the sign-up bonus. Cash-back cards reward you with a portion of your spending on every swipe. Image source: Getty Images. Recurring rewards Cardholders who simply want a flat but high rewards rate on every dollar spent may want to take a look at Citigroup's Citi Double Cash Card. While it doesn't offer a sign-up bonus, it does offer a 1% cash-back rewards rate for each purchase, plus 1% cash back as you pay down your balance. In effect, cardholders enjoy a 2% cash-back rate. Whether cardholders should prioritize the cash-back rate or sign-up bonuses depends on their spending habits. The Citi Double Cash Card tops the Chase Freedom Unlimited only after cardholders spend more than $30,000, due to the Chase Freedom Unlimited's $150 sign-up bonus. For some, that rate of spending may be achieved in months, while others would take several years to put $30,000 on a card. Category bonuses People who can optimize their spending among a few cards can typically eke out higher rewards rates by maximizing bonus categories on other cards. The next cards offer the opportunity to earn 5% or more on spending in specific categories like gas, groceries, online retail, and more.  Bank of America's BankAmericard Cash Rewards card is a really great cash-back rewards card all round, serving up an easy-to-reach sign-up bonus, and a healthy rewards rate on big categories like gas and groceries -- and best of all, it doesn't carry an annual fee. Rewards are paid out under a 3-2-1 system, in which cardholders earn 3% on gas, 2% on groceries, and 1% on everything else. Bank of America customers can qualify for bonuses ranging from 10% to 75%, potentially bringing the all-in rewards rate on gas purchases up to 5.25%. You don't need to do anything special to claim your $100 sign-up bonus, though -- just spend $500 in the first 90 days. Discover Financial Services' Discover it Card keeps it simple with 1% cash back, with rotating categories that earn a 5% rate. The card also doubles all rewards earned in the first year, resulting in a large lump sum of rewards after the cardholder's first anniversary of use. Rotating bonus categories have included gas, restaurants, and Amazon.com purchases, with quarterly bonus caps on the first $1,500 of spending. With no annual fee, and no particularly complicated requirements for the bonus categories (log in and click to enroll each quarter), it may be worth keeping around even if you use it just a few months out of the year. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 9:07AM Investment Planning Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $59.68 down $0.14 (-0.23%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.59 no change (0.00%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.52 down $0.32 (-0.36%) Discover Financial Services NYSE:DFS $67.95 down $0.44 (-0.64%) Read More Low-Down-Payment Mortgages: What You Need to Know 5 Things You Need to Have in Hand to Do Your Taxes Tax Breaks Saved Americans $1.3 Trillion Last Year. Here's How to Claim the 5 Largest Even With Medicare, Seniors May Need up to $350,000 to Pay Medical Bills Mortgage Interest Deduction: How Much Can You Claim? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 of the Best Cash-Back Credit Card Perks @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM, $DFS
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, April 4, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Justice Dept. to Review Accords With Troubled Police Agencies By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG and ERIC LICHTBLAU 10:49 PM ET Attorney General Jeff Sessions has ordered a review of federal agreements, including those that address abuses, with dozens of law enforcement agencies. The examination, which reflects President Trump’s emphasis on law and order and reducing violent crime, could lead to a further retreat on consent decrees nationwide. A Debate: Should the Justice Department Police the Police? Democrats Gain Enough Votes for a Filibuster on Gorsuch By MATT FLEGENHEIMER Senate Republicans approved the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and vowed to have him confirmed by the end of the week. But they may need to change Senate rules to subvert the filibuster.  Comments Fact Check: Both Sides Spin and Mislead The Senate Filibuster, Explained Trump Offers Praise for Authoritarian Leader of Egypt By PETER BAKER and DECLAN WALSH President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt got just what he was looking for: validation from an American president after the cold shoulder of the past. The Upshot White House Pitches New Health Bill Plan to Freedom Caucus By MARGOT SANGER-KATZ 1:37 AM ET Under the proposal, states could opt out of requiring insurers to cover a minimum benefits package and could do away with a rule forcing them to charge the same price to everyone who is the same age.  Comments More in Politics In China, Maoists Admire Trump’s Nationalist Views Kushner Discusses ISIS Fight With Iraqi Leader 9:55 PM ET A Renewed Attack on Phone Tapping Claims and Clinton 9:07 PM ET O’Reilly Loses Two Sponsors as Scandal Buffets Fox News By EMILY STEEL and MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT 9:25 PM ET Sexual harassment scandals continue to plague Fox, with a new lawsuit alleging inappropriate behavior by its former chairman Roger Ailes and two carmakers pulling ads from Bill O’Reilly’s show. Truckloads of Work Visa Applications as Deadline Nears By MIRIAM JORDAN Possible changes to a program that allows technology companies to import foreign workers may be adding to an even heavier rush than usual this year.  Comments The Daily 360 1:43 Cross the Border Into Mexico Kirsten Luce for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. N.C.A.A. Tournament Sixth N.C.A.A. Title Is Worth the Wait for North Carolina A year after a heartbreaking loss in the final, North Carolina came from behind at the half to beat Gonzaga, 71-65, in the national title game. By ZACH SCHONBRUN Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 11:54 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Your Tuesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:11 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Inside our investigation of how Fox News has handled harassment allegations against its biggest star. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Skillet chicken with tomatoes, pancetta and mozzarella, Boston cream pie and more for the week ahead. How to Live With Sleep Apnea By KAREN BARROW Daytime sleepiness, a potentially vast array of side effects and difficult treatment decisions: Five men and women speak about living with sleep apnea.  Comments Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Clif Bar workers in the factory’s gym. Companies like Clif and Chobani have forced other employers in Twin Falls to raise wages and benefits. Credit Ruth Fremson/The New York Times Where Rural America Is Booming and Bustling New manufacturing jobs and population growth have lifted Twin Falls, Idaho, where the image of rural America painted in the presidential campaign is far from reality. By KIRK JOHNSON How Uber Uses Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons By NOAM SCHEIBER The company has undertaken an extraordinary experiment in behavioral science to subtly entice an independent work force to maximize revenue.  Comments Debt and a Failed Deal at Kushners’ Flagship Building By CHARLES V. BAGLI Charles and Jared Kushner’s company was already losing money on its $1.8 billion skyscraper. Then a deal with the Chinese for a replacement fell apart. Tesla Passes Ford in Value as Investors Bet on Future By BILL VLASIC and NEAL E. BOUDETTE 8:43 PM ET With signs that the long boom in American auto sales is tapering off, the Detroit giants are eclipsed on Wall Street by the electric-vehicle upstart. New York’s Emergency Budget Skips Thorny Issues By JESSE McKINLEY and LISA W. FODERARO After a deadline and a grace period expire, lawmakers pass a so-called extender budget to keep the state running as they try to settle policy issues. More News At Least 11 Are Killed in Subway Explosion in St. Petersburg Brazilian Schoolgirl Killed by Crossfire Adds to Rio’s Toll Iowa’s Largest Insurer Says It Will Leave Obamacare Exchanges N.H.L. Won’t Send Its Players to the 2018 Winter Olympics Kansas House Votes No on Expanding Medicaid The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Along the Mekong, the Ebb and Flow of a Shrine An ancient Khmer temple’s restoration along the Mekong River draws adventurous tourists to a little-known corner of Southeast Asia. A Museum About Soccer, and About Germany The popular new German Football Museum in Dortmund celebrates the sport but also portrays dark chapters in the nation’s modern history. Real Estate Frenzy in a Quiet Corner of China China’s effort to create a gleaming metropolis called Xiongan set off a buying frenzy, showing the unpredictability of its vast property market. The Opinion Pages Editorial A Peek Into the White House Swamp Officials’ financial disclosure forms raise more questions than they answer and provide no assurance of ethical behavior.  Comments Jared Kushner, the Assistant With the Big Portfolio By BRUCE BARTLETT President Trump needs to give his son-in-law some staff. Academic Freedom, Under Threat in Europe By MICHAEL IGNATIEFF The United States should not allow Hungary to intimidate an American institution in Budapest. Editorial: A Cornerstone of Peace at Risk Blow: Dwindling Odds of Coincidence Krugman: Trump Is Wimping Out on Trade Letters: Fear of Following User Subscriptions The Supreme Court: Where Do We Go From Here? Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ Times Insider » The Supreme Court: Where Do We Go From Here? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story U.S. On Campus, Embracing Feminism and the Future Opinion Mitch McConnell’s Nuclear Trigger Finger Style Love Lessons From the (Very) First Couple Business Day Combining Travel and Work for a Digital Nomad Opinion Closing Rikers Without a Road Map Times Insider A Rare Baseball Reporter Who Speaks Spanish Science Do Seas Make Us Sick? Opinion What Was Lenin Thinking? Book Review Rubbing Up Against Tradition in New South Multimedia/Photos Walden Pond: Selfies, Not Self Reflection Opinion Who Is the Victim? On Tuesday, a court will hear the appeal of Anna Stubblefield, the former professor convicted of sexually assaulting a disabled man. Book Review Charting the Legacy of ‘Les Misérables’ Sections World » North Korea’s Nuclear Strength, Encapsulated in an Online Ad for Lithium Explosion in St. Petersburg, Russia, Kills 11 as Vladimir Putin Visits Brazilian Schoolgirl Killed by Crossfire Adds to Rio’s Toll Business Day » Within Hours, Plans for a Quiet Corner of China Send Home Prices Soaring More Trouble at Fox News: Ailes Faces New Sexual Claims and O’Reilly Loses Two Advertisers Trump Completes Repeal of Online Privacy Protections From Obama Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Jared Kushner, the Assistant With the Big Portfolio Editorial: A Cornerstone of Peace at Risk Charles M. Blow: Dwindling Odds of Coincidence U.S. » An Idaho Town Bucks the Perception of Rural Struggle Sweeping Federal Review Could Affect Consent Decrees Nationwide Visa Applications Pour In by Truckload Before Door Slams Shut Technology » How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons Dyson Is the Apple of Appliances (and Just as Secretive) Google Training Ad Placement Computers to Be Offended Arts » A Hushed Departure at the Met Museum Reveals Entrenched Management Culture On Comedy: Louis C.K.’s New Special Mines Comedy From the Middle Ground U2 Producer’s Other Job: Selling CDs in Indonesia’s KFCs Politics » Political Memo: Trump Declines First Pitch on Opening Day, Throwing Ritual a Curveball Plan to Cut Funding for Biomedical Research Hits Opposition in Congress The Senate Filibuster, Explained Fashion & Style » Styles Q. and A.: The Vin Diesel Formula: Brains, Brawn and Heart Boîte: At the Museum of Sex, a Bar Where You Can Boogie Oogie Oogie Life as a Runway: What 10 Gallery Crawlers Wore to a Downtown Los Angeles Opening Movies » ‘The Boss Baby’ Bests ‘Beast,’ Barely, as Box Office No. 1 Advertising: The Ad Feels a Bit Like Oscar Bait, but It’s Trying to Sell You an iPhone ‘Moonlight’ Wins at Glaad Media Awards New York » Trump Budget Leaves New York-Area Transit Projects Up in the Air At Kushners’ Flagship Building, Mounting Debt and a Foundered Deal Brutal Force at Rikers Island Continues at an ‘Alarming Rate,’ Report Says Sports » North Carolina 71, Gonzaga 65: North Carolina Stops Gonzaga, Turning Heartbreak Into Joy A Referee Marches On (Much to Kentucky Fans’ Chagrin) N.H.L. Says Its Players Will Not Participate in 2018 Winter Olympics Theater » From Lost Soul in London to Glory Off Broadway Review: ‘Amélie’ Is Easy to Listen To, but Never Really Sings Review: A Hectic ‘Vanity Fair,’ Starring That Nasty Woman Science » Trilobites: A Mysterious Flash From a Faraway Galaxy Do Seas Make Us Sick? Surfers May Have the Answer Trilobites: Unmasking the Fearsome Face of a Tyrannosaur Obituaries » Leonard Litwin, New York Real Estate Mogul, Dies at 102 Ikutaro Kakehashi, Engineer Behind Revolutionary Drum Machine, Dies at 87 Katy Feeney, Baseball Executive Who Oversaw Scheduling, Dies at 68 Television » Review: ‘Prison Break’ Returns, With Yemen the Focus On Comedy: Louis C.K.’s New Special Mines Comedy From the Middle Ground Watching: The Best TV Shows and Movies New to Netflix, Amazon and More in April Health » Global Health: The Campaign to Lead the World Health Organization Kansas House Narrowly Upholds Governor’s Veto of Medicaid Expansion Turning Negative Thinkers Into Positive Ones Travel » Where I Live: My Vancouver: An Ever-Unfolding Story Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Victoria Falls (Zimbabwe Side) Books » Books of The Times: Stories of Wonder, Fear and Kindness From the Moth Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books Nonfiction: A Memoir of Motherhood Lost Education » Betsy DeVos Calls for More School Choice, Saying Money Isn’t the Answer Forum: Middlebury, My Divided Campus College Is the Goal. The Problem? Getting There. Food » Inviting the Easter Bunny to the Seder The Legend of King Solomon and the Passover Feast A Good Appetite: Carrots, Striking and Sweet, Have Arrived Sunday Review » Opinion: How Scared Should People on the Border Be? Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender in Trumpland Frank Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Real Estate » How to Avoid Stress When You’re Moving Big Ticket: A Brooklyn Condo Sells for a Record $15 Million Voyeur: Voyeur: Early Spring Flowers The Upshot » Public Health: Republican Health Proposal Would Undermine Coverage for Pre-existing Conditions The New Health Care: Birth Control Causes Depression? Not So Fast Public Health: Obamacare Choices Could Go From One to Zero in Some Areas Magazine » Feature: Trump vs. Congress: Now What? Feature: The High Price of Leaving Ultra-Orthodox Life Feature: Those Indecipherable Medical Bills? They’re One Reason Health Care Costs So Much Automobiles » Volkswagen Share Sale Keeps the Automaker a Family Affair Driven: Video Review: Acura NSX, a Supercar in Almost All Ways Wheels: As Auto Prices Rise, Used Cars Are Looking Shinier T Magazine » The Veteran Photographer Making Stunning New Buildings 4 New Books From Restaurant Chefs — for Home Cooks Martin Margiela Comes Back Into the Spotlight (Not That He Ever Left) Times Insider » Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Reporting the Reporting, Step by Step Real Estate » Moving Checklist Proper planning will make any move less stressful, and that means setting a time line with scheduled tasks leading up to your moving date. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Cimarex Launches Tender Offer for Any and All of its 5.875% Senior Notes Due 2022 DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC) („Cimarex”) today announced that it has commenced a cash tender offer to purchase any and all of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the „2022 Notes”). As of April 3, 2017, Cimarex had $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes outstanding. The tender offer is being made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase and a related Letter of Transmittal, each dated as of April 3, 2017, and a Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. The tender offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 7, 2017, unless extended (the „Expiration Time”). Tendered notes may be withdrawn at any time before the Expiration Time unless extended. Holders of notes that are validly tendered and accepted at or prior to the Expiration Time, or who deliver to the depositary and information agent a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and subsequently deliver such notes, each in accordance with the instructions described in the Offer to Purchase, will receive total cash consideration of $1,031.67 per $1,000 principal amount of notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but not including, the settlement date, which is expected to occur on April 10, 2017. The tender offer is contingent upon, among other things, Cimarex’s successful completion of a proposed debt financing transaction. The tender offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of notes being tendered. Cimarex may amend, extend or terminate the tender offer in its sole discretion, subject to applicable law. Cimarex currently intends to redeem any and all notes that are not validly tendered and purchased by Cimarex in the tender offer and that remain outstanding. The tender offer is being made pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase, related Letter of Transmittal and Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, copies of which may be obtained from D.F. King & Co., Inc., the information agent for the offer, by telephone at (800) 791-3320 (toll-free) or, for banks and brokers, at (212) 269-5550 or the following web address: www.dfking.com/xec. Persons with questions regarding the tender offer should contact the following dealer managers:  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, by telephone at (866) 834-4666 (U.S. toll-free) or (212) 834-3424 (call collect); or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, by telephone at (866) 309-6316 (U.S. toll-free) or (704) 410-4760 (call collect). This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities or any other securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. This announcement is not a solicitation of tenders with respect to the 2022 Notes and shall not constitute a notice of redemption under the indenture governing the 2022 Notes. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Mid-Continent and Permian Basin areas of the U.S. This communication contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including the consummation of the proposed transactions described above. These risks and uncertainties are more fully described in SEC reports filed by Cimarex. While Cimarex makes these forward-looking statements in good faith, management cannot guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. Specifically, Cimarex cannot assure you that the proposed transactions (including the proposed debt financing transaction) described above will be consummated on the terms Cimarex currently contemplates, if at all. Cimarex assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except as required by law.  Actual results may differ materially from Cimarex projections and can be affected by a variety of factors outside Cimarex’s control, including the risks and uncertainties described in Cimarex’s SEC reports. Cimarex is not responsible for any changes made to this release by wire or Internet services. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cimarex-launches-tender-offer-for-any-and-all-of-its-5875-senior-notes-due-2022-300433303.html SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co. Related Links http://www.cimarex.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Yield10 Bioscience, Inc. to Webcast, Live, at VirtualInvestorConferences.com April 6 Next PostNext Factor4 Gift Card App Now Available in First Data Clover® App Market Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Onfido: Delivering Next Generation Identity Verification For The Financial Services Industry Onfido: Delivering Next Generation Identity Verification For The Financial Services Industry Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 03, 2017 8:46am   Comments Share: It's almost that time of year. The 2017 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards is a competition to showcase the companies with the most impressive technology that are paving the future in financial services and capital markets. To get you prepared for this year's awards, Benzinga will profile each fintech company that has applied. Want to get involved? Submit your company here. For this installment, we spoke to Husayn Kassai, CEO of Onfido (answers have been edited for length and clarity). Onfido What does your company do? What unique problem does it solve? Onfido delivers next-generation identity verification, enabling businesses to verify that their users are who they claim to be, without the need to meet them face-to-face. In addition, Onfido also allows businesses to carry out background searches including Criminal Record, Right to Work and Anti-Money Laundering Checks. The regulatory burden facing financial services has been steadily on the rise since the financial crash of 2008, and it doesn’t show signs of slowing any time soon. But as financial services continue the migration online, the processes for addressing that regulatory requirement are struggling to keep up. Current Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) regulation and solutions were built for an offline world, where (for instance) customers being onboarded by a bank would need to have their documents and identities verified in person. Now that most customers interact with financial services online, that process is getting much harder to manage, driving up manual overheads and causing in-house compliance teams to balloon — in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)’s case, to a staggering 30,000 staff. Onfido’s Identity Verification Solution responds to these challenges by delivering a unique, layered, Machine Learning-based solution which increases conversion, reduces risk and cuts costs for businesses. Who are your customers? Our primary users are regulated businesses requiring "know your customer" and "anti-money laundering" checks, including fintechs, banks and e-gaming platforms. We are also used by leading businesses in the sharing economy for user verification. Our identity verification-supported background checks are used by high volume recruiters in the on-demand sector and traditional markets. Onfido works with over 1000 clients globally, including JustGiving, BlaBlaCar, Deliveroo, Monzo and Uber. How long have you been in business? We were founded August 1, 2012 Where are you located? We are headquartered in London and have offices in San Francisco, Lisbon and Delhi. Who is your company's leadership? What kind of experience do they have? Onfido's three co-founders are Husayn Kassai (CEO), Eamon Jubbawy (chief operations officer) and Ruhul Amin (chief technology officer). They met at Oxford University where Kassai and Jubbawy served as president and vice president of the Oxford Entrepreneurs Society, respectively. Kassai went on to work at Merrill Lynch (Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC)), Jubbawy at Credit Suisse Group AG (ADR) (NYSE: CS) and Amin at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (ADR) (NYSE: MTU) before founding Onfido. _________ For another fintech profile, click here to read about how Validis, a cloud-based fintech, extracts and standardizes financial data. If you’re looking for cool fintech startups and access to top financial institutions, and are sick of attending stuffy corporate conferences, the Benzinga Global Fintech Awards is the event for you. From its first year in 2015, the competition grew to over 250 applicants and over 500 attendees in 2016. Connect with us on social media — use the hashtag #BZAwards and #Fintech to spread the word!   ________ Image Credit: Screengrab from Onfido Posted-In: Benzinga Fintech Awards Benzinga Global Fintech AwardsFintech Education Success Stories Tech Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + CS) What Dropbox's New Credit Line Means For Prospect Of An IPO PreMarket Prep Recap For March 28: 8 Days Down On The Dow And Discussing The Dividend Capture Strategy Anatomy Of A Decision Series Highlights Skills Necessary To Climb To The Top Of The Corporate Ladder Trump Stocks Get A Price Check PreMarket Prep Recap, March 23: The Trade In The Financials Just Changed Anatomy Of A Decision, Part 3: Minorities In The Boardroom View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 MTU, BAC: Onfido: Delivering Next Generation Identity Verification For The Financi... 1 SPY, SPX: From The Mean Streets Of Scarsdale To Russia And Back: A Chat With CNBC&... 2 ONDK, PYPL: Fintech Down Under: An Australian Fintech Hub CEO On The '... 3 BABA: Orchard Platform: Asia Is 'Light Years' Ahead In... 4 ONDK, LC: Bizfi: Fintech Delivering Funding Options For Smal... 5 How Airbnb And Dropbox Brought Fintech To Their Co... 6 FIZZ, GILD: Here's What You Missed On PreMarket... 7 From Businesses To Migrant Workers, OKLi... Tweets by @BZAwards Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Guggenheim Capital LLC Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Upgraded to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Stewart Information Services Corp (STC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $743,000 Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Morgan Stanley Initiates Coverage on Qualys Inc (QLYS) Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Rating Increased to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Position Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,195,000 Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $765,000 Position in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Brokerages Set Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Price Target at $4.56 SAP SE (SAP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Connect Group PLC (CNCT) Receives GBX 178 Average Price Target from Brokerages AQR Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Citigroup Inc Begins Coverage on Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Stephen I. Chazen Sells 4,000 Shares of Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. They currently have $94.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “Cullen/Frost's shares outperformed the Zacks categorized Southwest Banks industry over the last six months. Also, the company’s organic growth remains on track with increasing loans and deposits balances. With further rise in interest rates and improving non-interest bearing deposits, the company's net interest income and net interest margin will grow. However, rising costs stemming mainly from expanding franchise are likely to deter bottom-line growth to some extent. Also, substantial exposure to real estate loans and stringent regulations remain near-term threats. Nonetheless, Cullen/Frost’s strong capital position keeps it well poised to continue capital deployment activities.” A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on CFR. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $86.00 to $93.00 and gave the company a sector perform rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Barclays PLC increased their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $89.00 to $96.00 and gave the company an equal weight rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and increased their price objective for the company from $67.00 to $95.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Maxim Group increased their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $85.00 to $95.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $80.67. Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) opened at 88.97 on Tuesday. Cullen/Frost Bankers has a 52 week low of $51.43 and a 52 week high of $96.62. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.91 and a beta of 1.20. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $91.23 and its 200-day moving average is $82.96. Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.06. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 26.73% and a return on equity of 10.39%. The firm had revenue of $338.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $305.52 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.90 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 9.6% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Cullen/Frost Bankers will post $5.07 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-lifted-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 28th were issued a $0.54 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, February 24th. This represents a $2.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.43%. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s dividend payout ratio is currently 45.96%. In other Cullen/Frost Bankers news, Chairman Phillip D. Green sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $93.56, for a total value of $1,871,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 47,367 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,431,656.52. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Bobby Berman sold 7,940 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $93.35, for a total transaction of $741,199.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 38,596 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,602,936.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 46,940 shares of company stock valued at $4,372,799. Corporate insiders own 8.03% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 4,080.0% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 1,463 shares of the company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 1,428 shares in the last quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 9.0% in the third quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 1,594 shares of the company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 132 shares in the last quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 0.5% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 1,712 shares of the company’s stock worth $123,000 after buying an additional 8 shares in the last quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new position in Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter worth about $217,000. Finally, Calamos Advisors LLC bought a new position in Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter worth about $218,000. 81.64% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Cullen/Frost Bankers Company Profile Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cullen/Frost Bankers (CFR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Donald Trump in his own words Donald Trump warns China the US is ready to tackle North Korea Donald Trump’s North Korea warning sparks concern in Asia May promises ‘jaw-jaw’ with Spain to solve Gibraltar differences Russia terror probe after St Petersburg metro explosion kills 11 US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump in his own words Donald Trump warns China the US is ready to tackle North Korea Donald Trump: Without Twitter, I would not be here — FT interview FBI plans to create special unit to co-ordinate Russia probe Mexico breaks silence to voice Venezuela fears Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lex in depth: The $2tn Saudi Aramco question Imagination plunges as Apple pulls out of chip supply deal Tesla overtakes Ford as investors bet on electric dream Britain turns to South Korea to salvage Moorside nuclear project US hotels and airlines slash prices as Trump policies hit tourism Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Central banks cut euro exposure and favour sterling long-term Jeremy Grantham puts down a marker on climate change investing Test of nerve awaits investors as Q2 dawns Alternative truths and some hard facts about coal Rosneft takes key step in push into Middle East Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump: Without Twitter, I would not be here — FT interview How to get Britain back into the EU Amicable Brexit divorce hinges on cash settlement Angry voters are nostalgic for powerful elites Alternative truths and some hard facts about coal Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read The business books to help you through turbulent times The dedicated office chatters are being forced out All pupils should have as many chances as Prince George How the rigid French style of management is poised to change Missing Oxford comma shows why writing skills matter Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why Hotel California marked a watershed for rock High heels at work? Why women should write company dress codes Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths Out of road: driverless vehicles are replacing the trucker David and Monica Galetti: a restaurant of their own Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Bank of America aims to reinvent the bricks and mortar branch Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes lower as investors pump brakes ahead of earnings By Wallace Witkowski and Ryan Vlastelica Published: Apr 3, 2017 4:24 p.m. ET Share Nasdaq briefly touches intraday record, then slips Reuters Tesla is now worth more than Ford, according to the stock market. By WallaceWitkowski Reporter RyanVlastelica Markets reporter U.S. stocks closed lower Monday, but off session lows, to kick off the second quarter as disappointing vehicle sales and lackluster economic data amplified concerns that lofty equity valuations won’t be buttressed by commensurately strong corporate quarterly results in coming weeks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.06% which had fallen more than 100 points earlier, finished down 13.01 points, or less than 0.1%, at 20,650.21, weighed down by shares of DuPont DD, -0.82% American Express Co.  AXP, -0.66%  and Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.65%   The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.16% fell 5.01 points, or 0.2%, to close at 2,357.71, with seven out of 11 sectors finishing in the red, led lower by the consumer-discretionary, materials and technology stocks. Both the Dow and the S&P 500 had been in danger of finishing below their 50-day moving averages for the first time since the November election, a sign that upbeat sentiment, underpinned by bullish hopes that President Donald Trump’s market-friendly policy proposals would be written into law soon, is fading. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.29% which had briefly hit an intraday high at 5,928.93 early in the session, dropped 17.06 points, or 0.3%, to close at 5,894.68. The first quarter, which ended last week, finished with solid gains, with major indexes scoring advances of 4.6% to 9.8%. That rally has taken Wall Street to repeated records, but the scale of the move has some analysts concerned about equity valuations. Mixed auto sales weighed on sentiment, said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. The auto industry is seen as a major driver for the economy, and when coupled with concerns about when Trump’s tax policy will materialize, that is going to put pressure on the broader market, he said. “Weak car sales are raising the question of economic growth and that’s flattening the yield curve and affecting financials,” said Boockvar. Financial stocks, which had earlier in the session been one of the worst performing sectors on the S&P 500, finished the day down 0.3%. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.23% fell 5 basis points to 2.335% on Monday. Over the first quarter, the yield curve became flatter, meaning the difference of rates between short-term bonds and long-term bonds narrowed, signaling concern over the economic outlook. Economic data, which showed some signs of softness Monday, added to the market’s cautious tone. The U.S. Markit manufacturing purchasing manager’s index fell to 53.3 in March from 54.2 the previous month, while a reading of manufacturing from the Institute for Supply Management for March fell to 57.2 from 57.7, though the employment index hit a six-year high. A reading of 50 indicates economic expansion. “I expect we’ll see some softness until earnings start to come in,” said Wayne Kaufman, chief market analyst at Phoenix Financial Services. “Right now we’re positioning for earnings to be strong, particularly in the tech, financial and health-care sectors, but there is a broad concern about valuation.” How to invest in gold(2:16) The author of "Precious Metals Investing for Dummies" talked to MarketWatch about the role gold can play in a portfolio and the risks that are involved in trading metals. “We’re leaving a time when you can just buy the broad market,” Kaufman said. “I think indexers will be OK going forward, but there will be greater opportunities for stock pickers or people who go after specific areas of the market.” Need to know: Trump presidency: a ‘buy low’ candidate? See: What would it take to trigger the ‘Fed put’? Data and Fed speakers: Despite Monday’s data, Friday’s jobs numbers will likely be the biggest focus before companies begin reporting earnings in the middle of the month. Some are concerned that the strong start to U.S. employment growth in the first two months of 2017 will be difficult to maintain. Read: Economic data on watch as sleepy stock market awaits earnings season Among Federal Reserve speakers, Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker reiterated on Monday that he still backs two more rate hikes this year. Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker is scheduled to speak on the Wall Street concept of “too big to fail” at Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Va., at 5 p.m. Eastern. Stocks to watch: Shares of Tesla Inc. TSLA, +7.27%  closed up 7.3% after the electric-car maker beat expectations with 25,000 deliveries in the first quarter. Ford Motor Co. F, -1.72%  fell 1.7% after its March sales data, while General Motors Co. GM, -3.37%  lost 3.4%. With the day’s move, Tesla surpassed Ford in market capitalization for the first time in its history — $48.69 billion to $45.47 billion. Auto-related stocks took a pounding, with shares of O’Reilly Automotive Inc. ORLY, -4.13% BorgWarner Inc. BWA, -3.47%  and CarMax Inc. KMX, -4.31%  all finishing down more than 3%. Panera Bread Co. PNRA, +7.93%  shares jumped to a record on reports of a possible sale. Shares closed up 7.9%. DryShips Inc. DRYS, -18.79%  finished down nearly 19% after the operator of cargo ships announced a private offering of up to $226.4 million worth of its shares, and a deal to buy six vessels. Read: An ‘all-star lineup’ of the best stocks in each sector Read: Over 60% of stock investors made money in March—even as Snap IPO hurt many Other markets: Asian markets ADOW, -0.31%  finished modestly higher Monday, while the Europe Stoxx 600 index SXXP, -0.49% SXXP, -0.49% declined 0.5%. The FTSE 100 index UKX, -0.55%  also kicked off the second quarter on a subdued note. The ICE Dollar Index DXY, +0.08% which measures the value of the U.S. dollar relative to a basket of foreign currencies, traded up 0.2% to 100.54. Oil prices CLM7, -0.41%  declined 0.7% to settle at $50.24 a barrel and gold prices GCM7, +0.46%  settled up 0.2% at $1,254 an ounce. —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Tesla surpasses Ford as stock rises to record Quote References DJIA -13.01 -0.06% DD -0.66 -0.82% AXP -0.52 -0.66% CSCO -0.22 -0.65% SPX -3.88 -0.16% COMP -17.06 -0.29% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.01 +0.23% TSLA +20.22 +7.27% F -0.20 -1.72% GM -1.19 -3.37% ORLY -11.15 -4.13% BWA -1.45 -3.47% KMX -2.55 -4.31% PNRA +20.76 +7.93% DRYS -0.31 -18.79% ADOW -10.10 -0.31% SXXP -1.85 -0.49% UKX -40.23 -0.55% DXY +0.08 +0.08% CLM7 -0.21 -0.41% GCM7 +5.80 +0.46% Show all references Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,650.21 -13.01 (-0.06%) Volume 285.7M Open 20,665 High 20,692 Low 20,518 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $79.67 -0.66 (-0.82%) Volume 2.6M Open $80.44 High $80.67 Low $78.83 P/E Ratio 27.9 Div Yield 1.91 Market Cap 69.5B American Express Co. U.S.: NYSE: AXP $78.59 -0.52 (-0.66%) Volume 3.0M Open $79.17 High $79.18 Low $77.97 P/E Ratio 13.96 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 71.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $33.58 -0.22 (-0.65%) Volume 18.8M Open $33.70 High $33.94 Low $33.46 P/E Ratio 17.22 Div Yield 3.45 Market Cap 169.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,358.84 -3.88 (-0.16%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,362 High 2,366 Low 2,345 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,894.68 -17.06 (-0.29%) Volume 0 Open 5,917 High 5,929 Low 5,868 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.33% +0.01 (+0.23%) Volume 0 Open 2.33% High 2.34% Low 2.32% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $298.52 +20.22 (+7.27%) Volume 13.8M Open $286.90 High $299.00 Low $284.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 45.4B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $11.44 -0.20 (-1.72%) Volume 65.0M Open $11.64 High $11.64 Low $11.28 P/E Ratio 9.98 Div Yield 5.24 Market Cap 46.3B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $34.17 -1.19 (-3.37%) Volume 29.1M Open $35.33 High $35.40 Low $33.80 P/E Ratio 5.7 Div Yield 4.45 Market Cap 53.0B O'Reilly Automotive Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ORLY $258.69 -11.15 (-4.13%) Volume 2.4M Open $266.00 High $266.00 Low $253.86 P/E Ratio 24.11 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 24.7B BorgWarner Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BWA $40.34 -1.45 (-3.47%) Volume 3.7M Open $41.95 High $41.95 Low $39.42 P/E Ratio 79.1 Div Yield 1.39 Market Cap 8.9B CarMax Inc. U.S.: NYSE: KMX $56.67 -2.55 (-4.31%) Volume 5.5M Open $58.20 High $58.50 Low $56.01 P/E Ratio 17.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 11.1B Panera Bread Co. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: PNRA $282.63 +20.76 (+7.93%) Volume 4.9M Open $261.95 High $292.42 Low $260.40 P/E Ratio 45.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.0B DryShips Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: DRYS $1.34 -0.31 (-18.79%) Volume 54.0M Open $1.38 High $1.43 Low $1.29 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 250.9M The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,238.17 -10.10 (-0.31%) Volume 0 Open 3,247 High 3,248 Low 3,235 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 379.29 -1.85 (-0.49%) Volume 0 Open 382.19 High 382.74 Low 379.26 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 379.29 -1.85 (-0.49%) Volume 0 Open 382.19 High 382.74 Low 379.26 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,282.69 -40.23 (-0.55%) Volume 0 Open 7,323 High 7,350 Low 7,281 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 100.57 +0.08 (+0.08%) Volume 0 Open 100.49 High 100.61 Low 100.42 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLM7 $50.50 -0.21 (-0.41%) Volume 3407 Open $50.68 High $50.82 Low $50.43 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,259.80 +5.80 (+0.46%) Volume 27036 Open $1,256 High $1,260 Low $1,256 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fortis Inc. (FTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Mesoblast limited (MESO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Insider Sells C$770,069.30 in Stock Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (AAWW) Now Covered by Seaport Global Securities Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) PT Raised to GBX 420 Dollarama Inc Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.81 Per Share (DOL) Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Steris PLC (STE) Position Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Sells 117,168 Shares of TransUnion (TRU) Comerica Bank Has $497,000 Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 70,903 Shares of BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Investment Technology Group (ITG) Stake Reduced by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Red Hat Inc (RHT) CEO Sells $1,038,000.00 in Stock State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for McBride plc (MCB) Fortis Inc. (FTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Fortis Inc. (NYSE:FTS) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning. Barclays PLC currently has a $37.00 price target on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Fortis in a report on Monday, February 27th. They set a neutral rating on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Fortis from a d rating to a c rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Fortis from a sell rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $38.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, February 20th. CIBC upgraded shares of Fortis from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut shares of Fortis from an outperform rating to a mkt perform rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $37.50. Fortis (NYSE:FTS) opened at 33.16 on Tuesday. Fortis has a one year low of $29.14 and a one year high of $34.66. The company has a market capitalization of $13.32 billion and a PE ratio of 23.43. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $32.14 and its 200 day moving average is $31.45. Fortis (NYSE:FTS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.64 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.28. Fortis had a net margin of 8.22% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The business had revenue of $2.05 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.05 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.51 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/fortis-inc-fts-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a $0.3058 dividend. This represents a $1.22 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.69%. This is a boost from Fortis’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.30. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Fortis’s payout ratio is presently 84.40%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in FTS. Keybank National Association OH bought a new position in Fortis during the fourth quarter worth $328,000. Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC bought a new position in Fortis during the fourth quarter worth $331,000. Fred Alger Management Inc. bought a new position in Fortis during the fourth quarter worth $334,000. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC bought a new position in Fortis during the fourth quarter worth $429,000. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. bought a new position in Fortis during the fourth quarter worth $433,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 12.08% of the company’s stock. Receive News & Ratings for Fortis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesla Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fortis Inc. (FTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Mesoblast limited (MESO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Insider Sells C$770,069.30 in Stock Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (AAWW) Now Covered by Seaport Global Securities Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) PT Raised to GBX 420 Dollarama Inc Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.81 Per Share (DOL) Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Steris PLC (STE) Position Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Sells 117,168 Shares of TransUnion (TRU) Comerica Bank Has $497,000 Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 70,903 Shares of BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Investment Technology Group (ITG) Stake Reduced by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Red Hat Inc (RHT) CEO Sells $1,038,000.00 in Stock State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed their sell rating on shares of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) in a research note released on Tuesday. They currently have a $187.00 price target on the electric vehicle producer’s stock. TSLA has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a hold rating and set a $215.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Vetr raised shares of Tesla from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $244.47 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 30th. FBN Securities set a $260.00 price objective on shares of Tesla and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating on shares of Tesla in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a $305.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $254.20. Shares of Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) opened at 278.30 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $259.03 and a 200 day moving average of $220.30. The company’s market cap is $44.99 billion. Tesla has a 12 month low of $178.19 and a 12 month high of $287.39. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The electric vehicle producer reported ($0.69) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.43) by $0.26. The firm had revenue of $2.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.21 billion. Tesla had a negative return on equity of 29.17% and a negative net margin of 14.74%. Tesla’s revenue for the quarter was up 88.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.87) EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Tesla will post ($1.63) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/tesla-inc-tsla-receives-sell-rating-from-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In related news, VP John Douglas Field sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $228.61, for a total transaction of $228,610.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 15,433 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,528,138.13. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Kimbal Musk sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $212.90, for a total value of $532,250.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 166,846 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $35,521,513.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 14,700 shares of company stock valued at $3,610,196 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 27.70% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Tesla by 70.5% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 64,476 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $13,687,000 after buying an additional 26,656 shares during the last quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC increased its stake in shares of Tesla by 14.5% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 489 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 62 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in shares of Tesla by 3.0% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 2,669 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $545,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd increased its stake in shares of Tesla by 25.0% in the third quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 36,136 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $7,372,000 after buying an additional 7,225 shares during the last quarter. Finally, National Pension Service increased its stake in shares of Tesla by 8.8% in the third quarter. National Pension Service now owns 70,756 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $14,436,000 after buying an additional 5,743 shares during the last quarter. 57.29% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Tesla Tesla, Inc, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc, designs, develops, manufactures and sells fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as installs, operates and maintains solar and energy storage products. The Company operates through two segments: automotive, and energy generation and storage. Receive News & Ratings for Tesla Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henderson Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henderson Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Steris PLC (STE) Position Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Sells 117,168 Shares of TransUnion (TRU) Comerica Bank Has $497,000 Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Acquires 70,903 Shares of BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Investment Technology Group (ITG) Stake Reduced by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Red Hat Inc (RHT) CEO Sells $1,038,000.00 in Stock State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for McBride plc (MCB) Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Earns “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital Seaport Global Securities Comments on WPX Energy Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WPX) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sprint Corp’s Q4 2017 Earnings (S) Comerica Bank Buys New Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) 39,690 Shares in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Encore Wire Co. (WIRE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Lowers Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Henderson Group Plc (LON:HGG) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. BNP Paribas currently has a GBX 230 ($2.89) price target on the stock. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 245 ($3.08) price target on shares of Henderson Group Plc in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Henderson Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Morgan Stanley dropped their price target on Henderson Group Plc from GBX 282 ($3.54) to GBX 245 ($3.08) and set an equal weight rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 238 ($2.99) price target on shares of Henderson Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Barclays PLC dropped their price target on Henderson Group Plc from GBX 270 ($3.39) to GBX 240 ($3.02) and set an equal weight rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Henderson Group Plc has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 246.42 ($3.10). Shares of Henderson Group Plc (LON:HGG) opened at 236.00 on Tuesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.58 billion. Henderson Group Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 192.60 and a 52 week high of GBX 278.80. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 225.43 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 233.04. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/henderson-group-plc-hgg-given-neutral-rating-at-bnp-paribas.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a GBX 7.30 ($0.09) dividend. This is an increase from Henderson Group Plc’s previous dividend of $3.20. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.43%. In related news, insider Philip Wagstaff sold 292,036 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 225 ($2.83), for a total value of £657,081 ($825,789.87). Also, insider Andrew Formica purchased 600,000 shares of Henderson Group Plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 211 ($2.65) per share, with a total value of £1,266,000 ($1,591,051.90). Henderson Group Plc Company Profile Henderson Group plc is an independent asset manager, specializing in active investment. The Company is a client-focused global business with assets under management. It manages a range of actively managed investment products for institutional and retail investors, across five capabilities, which include European equities, global equities, global fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives, including private equity and property. Receive News & Ratings for Henderson Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henderson Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KAZ Minerals PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for McBride plc (MCB) Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Earns “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital Seaport Global Securities Comments on WPX Energy Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WPX) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sprint Corp’s Q4 2017 Earnings (S) Comerica Bank Buys New Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) 39,690 Shares in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Encore Wire Co. (WIRE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Lowers Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in California Resources Corp (CRC) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Centrica PLC (CNA) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Centaur Media Plc (CAU) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) National Grid plc (NG) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) VP Sells $2,215,000.00 in Stock Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Director Sells $1,904,500.00 in Stock Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Earns “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reiterated their sell rating on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC (LON:KAZ) in a research note released on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a GBX 100 ($1.26) price objective on the copper miner’s stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Canaccord Genuity upgraded shares of KAZ Minerals PLC to a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of KAZ Minerals PLC to an overweight rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of KAZ Minerals PLC to an equal weight rating and lifted their price target for the company from GBX 300 ($3.77) to GBX 380 ($4.78) in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of KAZ Minerals PLC to a neutral rating and lifted their price target for the company from GBX 275 ($3.46) to GBX 370 ($4.65) in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 275 ($3.46). Shares of KAZ Minerals PLC (LON:KAZ) opened at 457.80 on Wednesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.04 billion. KAZ Minerals PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 115.84 and a 52-week high of GBX 610.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 515.19 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 382.93. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Earns “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/kaz-minerals-plc-kaz-earns-sell-rating-from-liberum-capital.html. KAZ Minerals PLC Company Profile KAZ Minerals PLC is an investment holding company principally engaged in mining businesses. The Company operates through three segments. East Region Operations segment is mainly engaged in the mining, processing, marketing and sales of copper and other metals. Other metals include gold, silver and zinc concentrate, among others. Receive News & Ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inmarsat Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inmarsat Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for McBride plc (MCB) Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Earns “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital Seaport Global Securities Comments on WPX Energy Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WPX) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sprint Corp’s Q4 2017 Earnings (S) Comerica Bank Buys New Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) 39,690 Shares in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in Encore Wire Co. (WIRE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Lowers Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in California Resources Corp (CRC) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Centrica PLC (CNA) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Centaur Media Plc (CAU) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) National Grid plc (NG) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) VP Sells $2,215,000.00 in Stock Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Director Sells $1,904,500.00 in Stock Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada upgraded shares of Inmarsat Plc (LON:ISAT) from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating in a report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has GBX 1,000 ($12.57) target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 760 ($9.55). Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 1,245 ($15.65) target price on shares of Inmarsat Plc in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Beaufort Securities began coverage on shares of Inmarsat Plc in a research report on Friday, March 10th. They set a hold rating and a GBX 785 ($9.87) target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on shares of Inmarsat Plc from GBX 830 ($10.43) to GBX 850 ($10.68) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. HSBC Holdings plc raised their target price on shares of Inmarsat Plc from GBX 650 ($8.17) to GBX 850 ($10.68) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut their price objective on shares of Inmarsat Plc from GBX 1,040 ($13.07) to GBX 960 ($12.06) and set a buy rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 898.57 ($11.29). Inmarsat Plc (LON:ISAT) opened at 838.50 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 727.31 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 715.51. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.77 billion. Inmarsat Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 594.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,024.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/inmarsat-plc-isat-stock-rating-upgraded-by-royal-bank-of-canada.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be issued a GBX 0.33 ($0.00) dividend. This is a positive change from Inmarsat Plc’s previous dividend of $0.30. This represents a yield of 3.69%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. In other Inmarsat Plc news, insider Andrew (Andy) Sukawaty sold 52,963 shares of Inmarsat Plc stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 750 ($9.43), for a total value of £397,222.50 ($499,211.39). Inmarsat Plc Company Profile Inmarsat plc is a United Kingdom-based provider of global mobile satellite communications services. The Company’s segments include Maritime, Government, Enterprise, Aviation and Central Services. The Maritime segment focuses on commercial maritime services across the world. The Maritime segment includes the provision of broadband data and safety communications for all vessel sizes. Receive News & Ratings for Inmarsat Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inmarsat Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Redrow plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redrow plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Redrow plc (RDW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Matomy Media Group Ltd (MTMY) Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Carillion plc (CLLN) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Insider Selling: HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) SVP Sells $2,876,040.00 in Stock Trican Well Service Ltd (TCW) Insider Buys C$2,499,000.00 in Stock Capital & Regional plc (CAL) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Card Factory PLC (CARD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Bgeo Group PLC (BGEO) Price Target Cut to GBX 395 Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Earns “Hold” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Ramaco Resources Inc (METC) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.85 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Gabelli Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Lindsay Co. (LNN) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Energy Transfer Partners LP’s FY2017 Earnings (ETP) Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Redrow plc (LON:RDW)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by analysts at Barclays PLC in a report released on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 558 ($7.01) price objective on the stock. Barclays PLC’s price target suggests a potential upside of 9.41% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research analysts have also commented on RDW. Peel Hunt lifted their target price on Redrow plc from GBX 620 ($7.79) to GBX 650 ($8.17) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Redrow plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Canaccord Genuity lifted their target price on Redrow plc from GBX 540 ($6.79) to GBX 545 ($6.85) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Redrow plc in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Liberum Capital reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 415 ($5.22) target price on shares of Redrow plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Redrow plc presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 502.50 ($6.32). Shares of Redrow plc (LON:RDW) opened at 509.00 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.85 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 494.47 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 436.15. Redrow plc has a 52 week low of GBX 100.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 522.00. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be given a dividend of GBX 6 ($0.08) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a yield of 1.28%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/barclays-plc-reiterates-overweight-rating-for-redrow-plc-rdw.html. Redrow plc Company Profile Redrow PLC is engaged in residential housing development. The Company is engaged in constructing homes throughout England and Wales. The Company’s operations are focused on housebuilding. Its product range is focused on traditional family housing in its regional businesses and apartment schemes in Greater London. Receive News & Ratings for Redrow plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redrow plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shire PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Rating Reiterated by BNP Paribas Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas BNP Paribas Reiterates Neutral Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) FMC Corp’s (FMC) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Redrow plc (RDW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Redrow plc (RDW) Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Matomy Media Group Ltd (MTMY) Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Carillion plc (CLLN) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Insider Selling: HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) SVP Sells $2,876,040.00 in Stock Trican Well Service Ltd (TCW) Insider Buys C$2,499,000.00 in Stock Capital & Regional plc (CAL) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Card Factory PLC (CARD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Bgeo Group PLC (BGEO) Price Target Cut to GBX 395 Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Earns “Hold” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Ramaco Resources Inc (METC) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.85 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Shire PLC (SHP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shire PLC (LON:SHP)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reissued by equities researchers at BNP Paribas in a research note issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 5,900 ($74.15) price target on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. BNP Paribas’ price target indicates a potential upside of 26.58% from the company’s current price. A number of other research firms also recently commented on SHP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 6,000 ($75.41) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Berenberg Bank boosted their target price on Shire PLC from GBX 5,800 ($72.89) to GBX 5,900 ($74.15) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 6,600 ($82.95) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 5,400 ($67.86) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their target price on Shire PLC from GBX 6,300 ($79.18) to GBX 6,800 ($85.46) and gave the stock a “conviction-buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 6,115.60 ($76.86). Shire PLC (LON:SHP) opened at 4664.50 on Monday. Shire PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 2,707.19 and a 12-month high of GBX 5,377.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 4,793.26 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 4,762.42. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 42.11 billion. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 9th will be paid a GBX 20.64 ($0.26) dividend. This is a positive change from Shire PLC’s previous dividend of $3.51. This represents a yield of 0.43%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/shire-plc-shp-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-bnp-paribas.html. About Shire PLC Shire plc is a biotech company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other specialized conditions. The Company’s segment is engaged in research, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of specialist medicines. It focuses its development resources on projects in various therapeutic areas (TAs), including Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, Hematology, Oncology, Immunology, Gastrointestinal (GI)/Metabolic/Endocrinology Diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Shire PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mondi Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Matomy Media Group Ltd (MTMY) Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Carillion plc (CLLN) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Insider Selling: HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) SVP Sells $2,876,040.00 in Stock Trican Well Service Ltd (TCW) Insider Buys C$2,499,000.00 in Stock Capital & Regional plc (CAL) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Card Factory PLC (CARD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Bgeo Group PLC (BGEO) Price Target Cut to GBX 395 Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Earns “Hold” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Ramaco Resources Inc (METC) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.85 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Gabelli Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Lindsay Co. (LNN) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Energy Transfer Partners LP’s FY2017 Earnings (ETP) Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald General Motors Company (GM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Tigress Financial Accelerize Inc (ACLZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC) Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI)‘s stock had its “equal weight” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Barclays PLC in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 1,870 ($23.50) target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 1,500 ($18.85). Barclays PLC’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 2.96% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on MNDI. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price target on shares of Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.88) to GBX 2,000 ($25.14) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price target on shares of Mondi Plc from GBX 1,700 ($21.36) to GBX 2,000 ($25.14) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG cut shares of Mondi Plc to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from GBX 2,025 ($25.45) to GBX 2,100 ($26.39) in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.88) to GBX 2,100 ($26.39) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Mondi Plc to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from GBX 1,600 ($20.11) to GBX 2,070 ($26.01) in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 1,928.75 ($24.24). Shares of Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) opened at 1932.00 on Thursday. Mondi Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,240.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,978.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 9.36 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,891.81 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,704.31. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mondi Plc (MNDI) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/mondi-plc-mndi-rating-reiterated-by-barclays-plc.html. Mondi Plc Company Profile Mondi plc is a United Kingdom-based packaging and paper company. The Company is engaged in managing forests and producing pulp, paper and compound plastics for industrial and consumer packaging. The Company and Mondi Limited, under a dual listed company (DLC) structure, operate together as a single economic entity. Receive News & Ratings for Mondi Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Earns Sell Rating from Analysts at Shore Capital Stagecoach Group plc (SGC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas Brokers Issue Forecasts for Intertain Group Ltd.’s FY2017 Earnings (IT) Shore Capital Reiterates “house stock” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Shore Capital Reaffirms not rated Rating for Armadale Capital PLC (ACP) DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avinger Inc (AVGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) Given Hold Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald BT Group plc (BT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Vale SA (VALE) Groupon Inc (GRPN) Coverage Initiated at Barclays PLC Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Evercore ISI AZZ Inc (AZZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Saga PLC (LON:SAGA)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by Beaufort Securities in a note issued to investors on Thursday. Several other brokerages have also recently commented on SAGA. Peel Hunt reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.14) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on Saga PLC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a GBX 200 ($2.51) target price on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and set a GBX 235 ($2.95) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 215 ($2.70) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Thursday. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 228.33 ($2.87). Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) opened at 201.128 on Thursday. Saga PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 175.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 227.38. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 196.26 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 197.65. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.24 billion. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a GBX 5.80 ($0.07) dividend. This is a positive change from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 2.84%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/saga-plc-saga-rating-reiterated-by-beaufort-securities.html. About Saga PLC Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Healthequity Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Healthequity Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald General Motors Company (GM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Tigress Financial Accelerize Inc (ACLZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC) Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Earns Sell Rating from Analysts at Shore Capital Stagecoach Group plc (SGC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas Brokers Issue Forecasts for Intertain Group Ltd.’s FY2017 Earnings (IT) Shore Capital Reiterates “house stock” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Shore Capital Reaffirms not rated Rating for Armadale Capital PLC (ACP) DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avinger Inc (AVGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) Given Hold Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Investment analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald started coverage on shares of Healthequity Inc (NASDAQ:HQY) in a research note issued on Thursday. The brokerage set an “overweight” rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald’s target price suggests a potential upside of 17.79% from the stock’s current price. The analysts wrote, “HSA market growth is likely to continue. Industry research indicates that there were 20 million HSAs in place at the end of 2016 with about $37 billion in assets. Given the increased popularity of high deductible health plans, the Devenir HSA report estimates that total HSA assets will increase to $52 billion in 2018. We view HQY as a cross over company as it straddles both the healthcare IT and managed care sectors. The company sells its cloud-based healthcare and spending platform to health plans and employers who offer HSA to members and employees. Generally speaking, we view HSA administration as an attractive niche within the broader benefit administration market. Direct competitors in the HSA market include Optum Bank (owned by UnitedHeatlhGroup, UNH) and Webster Financial (WBS). Benefit administration solution companies include Wageworks (WAGE) and Benefitfocus (BNFT). Consumer/employee engagement represents another niche with the broader market.”” Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Chardan Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $53.00 price target (up from $50.00) on shares of Healthequity in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on shares of Healthequity in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. They issued an “outperform” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Healthequity from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on shares of Healthequity from $44.00 to $51.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Healthequity in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $58.00 price target for the company. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.18. Shares of Healthequity (NASDAQ:HQY) opened at 42.45 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 96.48 and a beta of 1.94. Healthequity has a 12 month low of $22.26 and a 12 month high of $49.25. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $43.70 and its 200 day moving average price is $40.64. Healthequity (NASDAQ:HQY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.03. The business earned $46.83 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $45.55 million. Healthequity had a net margin of 15.19% and a return on equity of 11.08%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.07 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Healthequity will post $0.53 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/healthequity-inc-hqy-coverage-initiated-at-cantor-fitzgerald.html. In other Healthequity news, Director Frank Medici sold 1,000,000 shares of Healthequity stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.45, for a total value of $46,450,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, VP Darcy G. Mott sold 10,000 shares of Healthequity stock in a transaction on Friday, January 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.73, for a total transaction of $477,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 70,000 shares in the company, valued at $3,341,100. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 1,228,170 shares of company stock worth $56,719,761. 29.00% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of HQY. Tiverton Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Healthequity by 919.0% in the third quarter. Tiverton Asset Management LLC now owns 233,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,850,000 after buying an additional 210,855 shares during the period. Comerica Bank raised its position in shares of Healthequity by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 45,732 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,187,000 after buying an additional 2,474 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of Healthequity by 119.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,248,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $50,587,000 after buying an additional 680,671 shares during the period. Nicholas Investment Partners LP raised its position in shares of Healthequity by 28.4% in the fourth quarter. Nicholas Investment Partners LP now owns 154,851 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,272,000 after buying an additional 34,218 shares during the period. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Healthequity by 18,291.0% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 489,201 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,517,000 after buying an additional 486,541 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.22% of the company’s stock. About Healthequity HealthEquity, Inc provides a range of solutions for managing healthcare accounts (Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), Health Reimbursement Arrangements (HRAs) and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)) for health plans, insurance companies and third-party administrators. The Company is engaged in technology-enabled services platforms that allow consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions. Receive News & Ratings for Healthequity Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Healthequity Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Buy Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Vantiv’s (VNTV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) PT Set at $77.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies TAL Education Group’s (TAL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Columbia Property Trust Inc (CXP) Given a $26.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Bioverativ Inc (BIVV) Given a $62.00 Price Target at Leerink Swann CSX Co. (CSX) Upgraded to Market Outperform at Avondale Partners AA PLC’s (AA) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Issued By B. Riley Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.65 Per Share (CM) Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Receives $31.92 Average Target Price from Analysts Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research IPSEN (IPSEY) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Corus Entertainment Inc. (CJR.B) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Brokerages Set United States Steel Co. (X) PT at $35.90 Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) PT Set at $77.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Piper Jaffray Companies set a $77.00 target price on Clovis Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:CLVS) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on CLVS. Vetr upgraded Clovis Oncology from a sell rating to a buy rating and set a $39.27 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on Clovis Oncology from $45.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Chardan Capital upgraded Clovis Oncology from a sell rating to a neutral rating and raised their price target for the stock from $15.00 to $36.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $49.00 price target on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott set a $38.00 price target on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $58.93. Shares of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) opened at 63.67 on Tuesday. Clovis Oncology has a 12-month low of $11.57 and a 12-month high of $74.94. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $63.34 and its 200 day moving average price is $45.12. The company’s market cap is $2.84 billion. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.83) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.65) by $0.18. The firm earned $0.08 million during the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($3.12) EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Clovis Oncology will post ($5.31) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/clovis-oncology-inc-clvs-pt-set-at-77-00-by-piper-jaffray-companies.html. In other Clovis Oncology news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.99, for a total value of $200,970.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 209,583 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,039,965.17. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 17.40% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Consonance Capital Management LP boosted its stake in Clovis Oncology by 20.3% in the third quarter. Consonance Capital Management LP now owns 3,531,487 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $127,310,000 after buying an additional 595,000 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Clovis Oncology by 93.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,141,663 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $95,131,000 after buying an additional 1,035,917 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Clovis Oncology by 3.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 854,514 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $30,805,000 after buying an additional 31,478 shares during the period. Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its stake in Clovis Oncology by 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 565,900 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $25,137,000 after buying an additional 50,300 shares during the period. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Clovis Oncology by 153.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 420,512 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $18,679,000 after buying an additional 254,898 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.48% of the company’s stock. About Clovis Oncology Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company’s product candidates include Rociletinib, Rubraca (Rucaparib) and Lucitanib. Rucaparib is an oral, small molecule poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor of PARP1, PARP2 and PARP3 approved as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious breast cancer (BRCA) (human genes associated with the repair of damaged deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)) mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Receives $41.64 Average PT from Analysts ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives $40.60 Average PT from Brokerages Snap Inc (SNAP) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from CIBC Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Buy Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Vantiv’s (VNTV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) PT Set at $77.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies TAL Education Group’s (TAL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Columbia Property Trust Inc (CXP) Given a $26.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Bioverativ Inc (BIVV) Given a $62.00 Price Target at Leerink Swann CSX Co. (CSX) Upgraded to Market Outperform at Avondale Partners AA PLC’s (AA) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Issued By B. Riley Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.65 Per Share (CM) Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Receives $31.92 Average Target Price from Analysts Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research IPSEN (IPSEY) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives $40.60 Average PT from Brokerages April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) has been assigned an average rating of “Buy” from the fifteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and nine have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $40.60. A number of analysts recently issued reports on ACAD shares. Vetr upgraded shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $41.20 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives $40.60 Average PT from Brokerages” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/acadia-pharmaceuticals-inc-acad-receives-40-60-average-pt-from-brokerages.html. In other news, EVP Terrence O. Moore sold 157,540 shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.77, for a total value of $6,265,365.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. 21.65% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Putnam Investments LLC increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 16,647 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $480,000 after buying an additional 286 shares during the last quarter. Knott David M increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Knott David M now owns 65,947 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,902,000 after buying an additional 550 shares during the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 4.6% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 13,077 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $416,000 after buying an additional 575 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 4.3% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 18,557 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $590,000 after buying an additional 760 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 21.3% in the third quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC now owns 5,629 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 990 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 98.25% of the company’s stock. Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACAD) opened at 34.38 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $37.49 and its 200-day moving average is $31.06. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has a one year low of $20.68 and a one year high of $42.49. The company’s market cap is $4.17 billion. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Company Profile ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of medicines for central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Its lead drug candidate, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), is used for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson’s disease psychosis (PD Psychosis). Receive News & Ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AA PLC’s (AA) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Issued By B. Riley Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.65 Per Share (CM) Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Receives $31.92 Average Target Price from Analysts Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research IPSEN (IPSEY) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Corus Entertainment Inc. (CJR.B) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Brokerages Set United States Steel Co. (X) PT at $35.90 Beaufort Securities Reaffirms Hold Rating for Wolseley plc (WOS) Bird Construction (BDT) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Reitmans Limited (RET) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Martinrea International Inc (MRE) Earns Buy Rating from TD Securities Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Ivanhoe Energy Inc. (IE) Hudson's Bay Co’s (HBC) Sector Perform Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers Heroux Devtek Inc (HRX) Price Target to C$13.00 Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued on Monday. They presently have a GBX 380 ($4.78) price target on the natural resources company’s stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 21.35% from the stock’s current price. GLEN has been the subject of several other research reports. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 315 ($3.96) price target on shares of Glencore PLC and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. AlphaValue restated an “add” rating and set a GBX 337 ($4.24) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 390 ($4.90) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 440 ($5.53) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.27) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 344.74 ($4.33). Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) opened at 313.2126 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 323.98 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 280.24. Glencore PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 124.55 and a 12 month high of GBX 347.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 44.63 billion. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be given a dividend of GBX 0.04 ($0.00) per share. This represents a yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/glencore-plc-glen-given-buy-rating-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main Content Site Search Search Advanced Search Register Member Login Send to a friend Member Login Your Email PasswordForgotten your password? Home News Exchanges Exchange Directory Exchange Holidays Sample Exchanges Handbook Articles Regulators/Associations Publications White Papers FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Exchange Forum You are here: Home Media & Resources News News Centre UBS Publishes Agenda For The Annual General Meeting Of UBS Group AG On 4 May 2017 - Julie G. Richardson Nominated For Election To The Board Of Directors At The Annual General Meeting. Joseph Yam Decided Not To Stand For Re-Election Press Events News RSS Videos Newsletters About Mondo Visione Vendors Polls Glossary Acronyms FT Trading Room Elsevier and Mondo Visione Media Contacts NYSE Exchanges Blog White Papers Newsletter Subscription Form Newsletter Enter your email address to receive regular updates UBS Publishes Agenda For The Annual General Meeting Of UBS Group AG On 4 May 2017 - Julie G. Richardson Nominated For Election To The Board Of Directors At The Annual General Meeting. Joseph Yam Decided Not To Stand For Re-Election Date 03/04/2017 The Board of Directors of UBS Group AG is proposing Julie G. Richardson for election as a new member of the Board of Directors for a one-year term. Julie G. Richardson (born 1963) was a Partner and Head of the New York Office of Providence Equity Partners from 2003 to 2012, a global private equity firm specializing in equity investments in media, communications, education and information companies. She acted as a senior advisor to the partnership until 2014. From 1998 to 2003, Julie G. Richardson served as Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investment Banking division and Head of its Global Telecommunications, Media and Technology group. She started her career with Merrill Lynch in 1986, where she worked until 1998, in her last position as Managing Director Media and Communications Investment Banking. Julie G. Richardson graduated with a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Chairman of the UBS Board of Directors Axel Weber: “I am delighted to announce the nomination of Julie G. Richardson for election to the Board of Directors. We are convinced she has the specialist knowledge required to strengthen the UBS Board of Directors and – subject to her election – will provide invaluable skills, experience and expertise.” Joseph Yam has decided to step down from the Board of Directors at this year's Annual General Meeting (AGM) for personal reasons. He has been a member of the Board since 2011 and was a member of the Corporate Culture and Responsibility Committee and the Risk Committee. Chairman Axel Weber, said: "Joseph Yam's experience as a former regulator in the vital Asian market brought important impetus to the Board, where he engaged actively for a sustainable strategy. The Board thanks him for his valuable collaboration." Chairman Axel Weber and the other members of the Board of Directors will stand for re-election for a further one-year term. Dividend proposal The UBS Group AG Board of Directors intends to propose to shareholders an ordinary dividend of CHF 0.60 per share for the financial year 2016, unchanged compared with the previous year. Proposals for compensation of the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Board At the AGM 2017, shareholders will be asked to vote on the variable compensation for the Group Executive Board for 2016, the fixed compensation for the Group Executive Board for 2018 and the compensation for the Board of Directors for the period from the AGM 2017 to the AGM 2018. As in previous years, there will also be an advisory vote by shareholders on the current compensation report, which outlines UBS’s compensation strategy and principles, governance and practice. The advisory vote and the binding votes on compensation provide the Board of Directors with valuable feedback on the firm’s compensation policy and reflect its commitment to transparent say-on-pay for shareholders. Agenda for the Annual General Meeting 2017 of UBS Group AG UBS Group AG management report and consolidated and standalone financial statements for the financial year 2016 1.1. Approval of the UBS Group AG management report and consolidated and standalone financial statements 1.2. Advisory vote on the UBS Group AG Compensation Report 2016 Appropriation of retained earnings and distribution of ordinary dividend out of capital contribution reserve Discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Board for the financial year 2016 Approval of the aggregate amount of variable compensation for the members of the Group Executive Board for the financial year 2016 Approval of the maximum aggregate amount of fixed compensation for the members of the Group Executive Board for the financial year 2018 Elections 6.1. Re-election of members of the Board of Directors        6.1.1.    Axel A. Weber as Chairman of the Board of Directors        6.1.2.    Michel Demaré        6.1.3.    David Sidwell        6.1.4.    Reto Francioni        6.1.5.    Ann F. Godbehere        6.1.6.    William G. Parrett        6.1.7.    Isabelle Romy        6.1.8.    Robert W. Scully        6.1.9.    Beatrice Weder di Mauro        6.1.10.  Dieter Wemmer 6.2. Election of a new member to the Board of Directors: Julie G. Richardson 6.3. Re-election of the members of the Compensation Committee        6.3.1.    Ann F. Godbehere        6.3.2.    Michel Demaré        6.3.3.    Reto Francioni        6.3.4.    William G. Parrett Approval of the maximum aggregate amount of compensation for the members of the Board of Directors from the Annual General Meeting 2017 to the Annual General Meeting 2018 Re-elections 8.1. Re-election of the independent proxy, ADB Altorfer Duss & Beilstein AG, Zurich 8.2. Re-election of the auditors, Ernst & Young Ltd, Basel The invitation to the AGM as well as explanatory information on individual agenda items is available on the UBS website via the following link: www.ubs.com/agm. Voting results will also be uploaded to the website during the AGM. The UBS Group AG AGM will take place at the Messe Basel on 4 May 2017 and begins at 10:30 a.m. Back to List Publications Handbook Online Exchange Handbook Trading Places World Exchanges Media & Resources Press Events News FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Glossary Acronyms White Papers Twitter Legal and About Us About Mondo Visione Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap © Mondo Visione 2017 About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Careers Sitemap Back to Top News RSS Site by Red Ant
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RWE AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RWE AG (RWE) Given a €20.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts DZ Bank AG Analysts Give RWE AG (RWE) a €16.00 Price Target Repros Therapeutics Inc (RPRX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Deutsche Bank AG Increases Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) Price Target to $87.00 Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Equity BancShares Inc (EQBK) to Sell Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Brokerages Set Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Target Price at $24.75 Analysts Set CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Price Target at $26.00 Analysts Set Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) PT at $8.02 Zacks: Analysts Set $38.00 Price Target for Culp, Inc. (CFI) Lynn Fordham Sells 72,634 Shares of SVG Capital plc (SVI) Stock Seneca Global Income & Growth Trust PLC (SIGT) Insider Richard A. M. Ramsay Buys 59,347 Shares Internet Initiative Japan Inc. (IIJI) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) to Hold Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Rating Increased to Sell at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Downgrades Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) to Hold Enservco Corp (ENSV) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Lowered by Seaport Global Securities DZ Bank AG Analysts Give RWE AG (RWE) a €16.00 Price Target April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet DZ Bank AG set a €16.00 ($17.39) price objective on RWE AG (FRA:RWE) in a research report released on Tuesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also weighed in on RWE. HSBC Holdings plc set a €10.50 ($11.41) price objective on RWE AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €20.00 ($21.74) price objective on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.00 ($15.22) price objective on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Barclays PLC set a €12.20 ($13.26) price objective on RWE AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €15.00 ($16.30) price objective on RWE AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €15.67 ($17.03). RWE AG (FRA:RWE) opened at 15.522 on Tuesday. RWE AG has a 12 month low of €10.75 and a 12 month high of €16.45. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €14.00 and a 200 day moving average price of €13.19. The firm’s market capitalization is €9.54 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/dz-bank-ag-analysts-give-rwe-ag-rwe-a-16-00-price-target.html. RWE AG Company Profile RWE AG is a Germany-based electricity and gas company. It diversifies its activities into seven divisions: Germany, which consists of the Power Generation and Sales and Distribution Networks business area; Netherlands/Belgium; Great Britain; The Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe; Renewables; Upstream Gas and Oil, and Trading/Gas Midstream. Receive News & Ratings for RWE AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Monday April 3rd, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: UBS Headline: UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017 Zurich, 3 April 2017 – The Board of Directors of UBS Group AG is proposing Julie G. Richardson for election as a new member of the Board of Directors for a one-year term. Julie G. Richardson (born 1963) was a Partner and Head of the New York Office of Providence Equity Partners from 2003 to 2012, a global private equity firm specializing in equity investments in media, communications, education and information companies. She acted as a senior advisor to the partnership until 2014. From 1998 to 2003, Julie G. Richardson served as Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investment Banking division and Head of its Global Telecommunications, Media and Technology group. She started her career with Merrill Lynch in 1986, where she worked until 1998, in her last position as Managing Director Media and Communications Investment Banking. Julie G. Richardson graduated with a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Chairman of the UBS Board of Directors Axel Weber: “I am delighted to announce the nomination of Julie G. Richardson for election to the Board of Directors. We are convinced she has the specialist knowledge required to strengthen the UBS Board of Directors and – subject to her election – will provide invaluable skills, experience and expertise.” Joseph Yam has decided to step down from the Board of Directors at this year’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) for personal reasons. He has been a member of the Board since 2011 and was a member of the Corporate Culture and Responsibility Committee and the Risk Committee. Chairman Axel Weber, said: “Joseph Yam’s experience as a former regulator in the vital Asian market brought important impetus to the Board, where he engaged actively for a sustainable strategy. The Board thanks him for his valuable collaboration.” Chairman Axel Weber and the other members of the Board of Directors will stand for re-election for a further one-year term. Dividend proposal The UBS Group AG Board of Directors intends to propose to shareholders an ordinary dividend of CHF 0.60 per share for the financial year 2016, unchanged compared with the previous year. Proposals for compensation of the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Board At the AGM 2017, shareholders will be asked to vote on the variable compensation for the Group Executive Board for 2016, the fixed compensation for the Group Executive Board for 2018 and the compensation for the Board of Directors for the period from the AGM 2017 to the AGM 2018. As in previous years, there will also be an advisory vote by shareholders on the current compensation report, which outlines UBS’s compensation strategy and principles, governance and practice. The advisory vote and the binding votes on compensation provide the Board of Directors with valuable feedback on the firm’s compensation policy and reflect its commitment to transparent say-on-pay for shareholders.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 3, 2017 @ 5:43 pm Filed Under: Asia Pacific Region, Banking and Finance, Business, Commerce, Economics, English, Global Economy, Investment, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, UBS NEXT ARTICLE → “Frank E. Webner, pony express rider” About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017 “Frank E. Webner, pony express rider” Croydon assault: police wish to identify three people, eight remain in custody DFA Design for Asia Awards 2017 Gemalto Accelerates IoT Adoption and Innovation in Japan © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content Founded by Bob Livingston ® 1.2M 4.6K Menu Trending Energy Founding Fathers Bank Climate Change health Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. The banksters are back Posted on April 3, 2017March 31, 2017 by GS Early Views: 961 16 Shares It should come as no surprise that a guy from New York City, who has run a major global real estate development business, knows more than a few well-placed bankers. And when that guy becomes president of the United States, it’s his chance to give them their due. Now, before you get your hackles up, this isn’t a Trump-bashing piece. All presidents come to Washington and end up helping their state’s businesses. Reagan’s defense and anti-ballistic missile defense system build-up helped many of the aerospace companies and computer firms in his home state of California. Clinton helped make Tyson Foods one of the biggest chicken producers in the world. And Wal-Mart was also a big beneficiary of Clinton largesse. So it comes as no surprise that Wall Street has unpacked its bags on Pennsylvania Avenue. Like the former CIO of Goldman Sachs as Secretary of Treasury. Lose the middlemen Still in denial about the bankers having a heyday in DC as well as NYC? Here are the six-month returns of some of the top banksters that ushered in the financial crisis and were bailed out by you and me: Goldman Sachs: 44 percent JPMorgan Chase: 34 percent Wells Fargo: 27 percent Morgan Stanley: 36 percent Citigroup: 29 percent The S&P 500: 9 percent These big banks have outperformed the broad market 3- to 5- fold since the election. And it’s no coincidence. But this isn’t about morality. It’s about business. Actually, I’m kind of glad we’ve gotten rid of some of the ossified political hacks that were the middlemen for their corporate overlords and now we’re dealing directly with the overlords. At least it’s a change of pace. Investing is about performance. It’s about understanding what’s happening, regardless of your politics or desires and objectively observing what is going on. And then finding the opportunity there. That’s what I’m doing here. Do I like the debt-driven culture these banks have promoted? No. Are they a buying opportunity? Yes. But I think there is a better place to go with your investment dollars in this sector. Regional banks. Why regional banks? Because now that the banks are on their feet again and regulations will be in limbo for years to come, they have the chance to start blowing up the next big bubble. And I’m guessing that will be consolidating all the healthy, conservative regional and local banks. You see, the smaller banks weren’t the ones that caused the financial meltdown. They weren’t the ones lending to credit risks on one side of the trade while bundling those risks, selling them off and then shorting them on the other. Regional banks lend to local businesses, homeowners and individuals. They don’t have an arbitrage desk or a trading division. They make money the old way – pennies on the dollar, over and over again. For the “banksters,” as Bob Livingston calls them, they represent piggy banks full of responsible cash that will help their balance sheets (and stocks). It will also help the big boys leverage those assets into more trading money for their institutional side. Remember, the big banks cut their trading operations significantly once the bottom fell out of the global economy. But those days are gone and it’s back to business as usual, better business than usual. This is also a great opportunity to consolidate the banking landscape. If they gobble up enough smaller players around the country, they also rebuild their Too Big To Fail size while also becoming major players in small towns and big cities across America. Think about it like the auto industry. Here is a list of the defunct car companies in the U.S. that have been culled into the Big Three. Top targets Before I get to my investment picks, I want to say that the biggest statement you can make against the banksters is to move your business to smaller banks. I stopped using big banks decades ago and I have never felt cheated at keeping them as far away from my money as possible. Two other attractive qualities to regional bank stocks: Even if they’re not acquired, they’re still the best way to invest in the financial sector in the long term. If they are bought out, they will command big premiums, meaning big payoffs for investors. Without further ado, four solid stocks to look at are, BB&T, Fifth Third Bancorp, U.S. Bancorp and Burke & Herbert Bank and Trust. All these are rock-solid regional banks that will prosper on their own or profit handsomely from any takeover. — GS Early This entry was posted in Financial Foresight and tagged Bank. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← ‘No limits’ facial recognition presents huge privacy threat California ‘fake news’ bill would scrub the 1st Amendment → GS Early is editor of Liberty Investor Digest™ and managing director of Fresh Eyes Media, a media management and consulting firm that develops custom content and marketing solutions for financial businesses and publishers. Gregg has been a leader in the financial publishing business for two decades and has worked on content strategies with every major publisher in the industry, as well as organizations like CNBC, Morgan Keegan, Folio Investing and Moneyshow. He is an award-winning writer and editor and has built many of the top publications available to investors today. His specialties are emerging technologies (biotech, nanotech, robotics), defense and cybersecurity. He is a graduate of James Madison University. Join the Discussion Comment Policy: We encourage an open discussion with a wide range of viewpoints, even extreme ones, but we will not tolerate racism, profanity or slanderous comments toward the author(s) or comment participants. Make your case passionately, but civilly. Please don't stoop to name calling. We use filters for spam protection. If your comment does not appear, it is likely because it violates the above policy or contains links or language typical of spam. We reserve the right to remove comments at our discretion. Exclusive Free E-Book Claim your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) and your FREE subscription to Personal Liberty Digest™ when you sign up today! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside! Recent Polls Exercise your right to vote. Is legal recreational marijuana dangerous to American society? Are you concerned about a coming economic collapse? Do you take nutritional supplements? Do you support a tax on wire transfers to Mexico to fund Trump's border wall? Are candy flavored drugs really a problem? Do you consider Edward Snowden a traitor? Would you support President Trump's efforts to dismantle the Freedom Caucus? Would you allow law enforcement to search your cellphone or laptop without a warrant? Should computers come with pre-installed government censorship to block adult material? Do you believe the AHCA was a good bill that should have passed? Today's Issue The Latest From Personal Liberty Digest™ The world almost had free energy Jefferson and slavery The banksters are back Self-reliance tools for a crisis California ‘fake news’ bill would scrub the 1st Amendment Economists: All the bubbles are ready to bust ‘No limits’ facial recognition presents huge privacy threat Yes, let’s allow the Syrian people to decide for themselves Pot state governors to Sessions: Back off! Today's cartoon Contributors Voices of Personal Liberty™ Brandon Smith: With Trump as president prepping is more important than ever Bob Livingston: The world almost had free energy Ben Crystal: Don’t blame conservatives GS Early: Welcome to the real world Dome Watch Daily Congressional Updates Lawmakers have a plan to pay for Trump’s wall What are they on? Lawmakers go after dealers selling ‘flavored drugs’ Lawmakers introduce bills to legalize and regulate marijuana at the federal level Rand Paul confident conservatives will get their full repeal Bell Ringer Chronicling Corruption And Threats To Liberty And The Constitution Trump should end illegal Obamacare exemption EPA official hid cancer study for Monsanto, lawsuit reveals On immigration, Trump should quit playing ‘their’ game Obama’s massive federal land grabs Taxpayer Dimes Where Does The Money Go? Trump’s first budget to offer look at his vision for dismantling ‘administrative state’ If Trump has his way, what do sanctuary cities stand to lose? Bob Livingston: Trumponomics Healthcare.gov still registering, granting ‘subsidies’ to fake people Medialogue On The Media And Around The Internet California ‘fake news’ bill would scrub the 1st Amendment Reason editor: Trump’s AG can’t kill marijuana reform Bob Woodward predicts criminal charges for Obama officials FEC Democrats want to silence conservative media Election Informer Personal Liberty’s Campaign Headquaters Lawmaker: Trump ‘amazingly accessible’ Hillary lost because America is conservative… Top 11 ‘Russian-hack’ questions the ‘rogue-electors’ should ask the CIA Once again, there were no Russians involved in the DNC email leak 2nd Amendment Under Fire Issues And Actions Involving Gun Rights Gun sales way up, accidents down Constitutional concealed carry bills introduced Trump ATF poised to weaken gun regs Florida lawmaker wants to hold businesses accountable for gun-free zones Power Of The State Documenting Abuses By Government Agents Bob Livingston: SCOTUS legalizes theft by police Bob Livingston: Amish farmer facing life in prison over herbal product labels Police body cams are becoming powerful surveillance state assets Bob Livingston: A coup is underway On Your Own Helping You Prepare For Emergency Situations Frank Bates: Self-reliance tools for a crisis It’s over… or is it? Thomas Miller: Disaster intelligence for emergency preparedness Gaye Levy: What you need to know about animal snares for survival Hillary Files Chronicling the antics of the most corrupt woman in American politics An update on Hillary Clinton and her lawyers Fair weather friends say goodbye to Clinton Here she comes again Could Hillary Clinton still face prosecution? Hot Topics A deeper look at important issues Jefferson and slavery ‘Climate science’ isn’t science; it’s religion War between U.S. and China brewing in South China Sea? Adam Schiff is a traitor to humanity Financial Foresight Advice to help you protect your assets GS Early: The banksters are back GS Early: New realities are upon us Forget taxes — This is worse… GS Early: The government’s worthless numbers Top Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy The Bob Livingston Letter White List Us Who is Bob Livingston? Unsubscribe from Personal Liberty Alerts © 2017 Personal Liberty ® Trending Energy Founding Fathers Bank Climate Change health Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. Thegovernment’s assault on your personal liberties, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS, proves NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS!  But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide discover simple, effective strategies for making Big Business and Big Government BUTT OUT of your personal life! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide The unconstitutional assault on America's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government's gross misuse of power, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS. NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS! Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way. But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you'll discover how to: Keep your home secure and private! Avoid online identity theft! Keep financial information secure and private! Avoid harassing phone calls! Keep snoops out of your personal communications including emails! And much, much more!
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. RealPage’s (RP) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Cognex Co. (CGNX) Earns Buy Rating from Summit Redstone J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Earns “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Cut to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Sirius Real Estate Limited (SRE) Insider Purchases £32,400 in Stock STV Group Plc. (STVG) Insider Sells £86,100 in Stock CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Upgraded by TheStreet to B- TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“ BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (BPT) Rating Lowered to D+ at TheStreet Seabridge Gold, Inc. (SA) Earns “Sec Perform Spec Market Wgt” Rating from National Bank Financial DXP Enterprises Inc (DXPE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.41 EPS RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results Inventure Foods Inc (SNAK) Releases Earnings Results Affimed NV (AFMD) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Eric Leboeuf Purchases 75,000 Shares of Quantum Numbers Corp (QNC) Stock Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Aegis Facebook’s (FB) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Aegis Cognex Co. (CGNX) Earns Buy Rating from Summit Redstone April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by stock analysts at Summit Redstone in a research report issued on Thursday. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on CGNX. Needham & Company LLC restated a “hold” rating on shares of Cognex in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. TheStreet upgraded Cognex from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised Cognex from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $81.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Cognex in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG began coverage on Cognex in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. They set a “buy” rating and a $74.00 price objective on the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $59.61. Shares of Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) opened at 83.95 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $76.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $62.51. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 48.89 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex has a 52 week low of $35.15 and a 52 week high of $84.61. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a return on equity of 13.67% and a net margin of 26.59%. The company had revenue of $129.32 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $116.93 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.22 EPS. Cognex’s revenue was up 32.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Cognex will post $1.98 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.075 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.36%. Cognex’s payout ratio is 20.13%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/cognex-co-cgnx-earns-buy-rating-from-summit-redstone.html. In other news, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.69, for a total value of $4,034,500.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,034,500. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total value of $389,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $389,250. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 105,000 shares of company stock worth $8,311,250. Insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Flinton Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter worth approximately $148,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cognex by 9.9% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,165 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 286 shares in the last quarter. Forbes J M & Co. LLP bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter worth approximately $208,000. GSA Capital Partners LLP bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter worth approximately $218,000. Finally, Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the third quarter worth approximately $206,000. 90.00% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Cognex Company Profile Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email How States Can Defeat Trumpism The wounded Democratic Party would be wise to learn from Delaware, says the state’s former governor. by Jack Markell April 3, 2017 Politics Jeffrey/Flickr Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email In the aftermath of the 2016 election, Democrats found themselves in their lowest electoral position since Reconstruction. Not only did Republicans capture the White House and maintain control of both chambers of Congress, they mopped up in the states as well. After the dust settled, Republicans held 33 governorships — tying a nearly century-old high-watermark — and controlled 25 state governments from top to bottom. One exception to this trend was Delaware, where I ended my term as governor on January 16, 2017. As I tucked my wedding picture, my NASCAR Starter Flag, and a few other sentimental items from my desk into a cardboard box, I had the satisfaction of knowing that my friend and fellow Democrat John Carney would be taking the next turn here. Moreover, John’s term would begin the 25th consecutive year that Delaware has had a Democratic governor. There are only two states with a longer streak and both are 3,000 miles away: Oregon and Washington. We are unique even amongst our otherwise blue-state neighbors, such as New Jersey and Maryland, where Republicans currently sit in the governor’s mansion. How has Delaware resisted the tide of Trumpism? Delaware is not immune to the ups and downs of the national economy. Certainly, the state suffered during the Great Recession, and our residents have faced their share of hardships. But I would also like to think that our state has done a better job than most at keeping the forces that led to Trump’s victory — the destructive anxieties bred by economic insecurity — at bay. Like President Obama, I won election in the midst of the deepening financial crisis and immediately had to govern through a blizzard of economic howitzers. Just after the recession hit, Chrysler and General Motors closed their local plants in Newark and Wilmington, leading to the loss of thousands of jobs. So did a major oil refinery. The poultry industry, a vital rural sector in Delaware, went into a tailspin, and one of our major producers fell into bankruptcy. And as Wall Street staggered, the back office financial services workforce housed in Delaware was slashed. All told, in the space of about a year, eight percent of Delaware jobs — 35,300 jobs — vanished, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. To put that into context, that would translate into a loss of 11 million jobs nationwide. But as I left office, Delaware was enjoying the best job growth in our region since we hit bottom in 2010, an unemployment rate of 4.3 percent at the end of 2016, among the fastest-rising private sector wages in the nation (17.8 percent over the last two years), and a recent ranking as one of the three strongest state economies. More importantly, what we built during my tenure as governor was a slate of innovative new programs aimed at ensuring that every Delaware resident has a shot at sharing in the state’s growth. If there is any antidote to Trumpism, it’s broadly shared middle class prosperity. President Obama led the nation from the brink of depression back to health. But it wasn’t enough to rest on national economic indicators suggesting the country was on the right track. Many Americans and Delawareans were clearly still pessimistic about the opportunities that lay ahead for themselves and their families. Sweeping economic change was afoot. Factories that once sustained towns in Delaware and across the nation were shuttered. Jobs were outsourced overseas and to technology. If these problems weren’t addressed, voters and communities that felt ignored or patronized would seek solace elsewhere – including by turning to leaders whose views are extremist or counterproductive. If there is any antidote to Trumpism, it’s broadly shared middle class prosperity.So rather than simply picking on easy targets — such as big banks and Wall Street — I used my time in office to build an economic message and strategy centered on creating middle class jobs that would include everyone in our state.  This strategy had three primary ingredients: (1) focusing relentlessly on skills, for all residents at all stages of their careers; (2) engaging with the global marketplace to expand opportunities for Delaware’s entrepreneurs and companies, while attracting more companies to our state; and (3) promoting local economic development through projects to invest in city centers. As Democrats look to rebuild their electoral strength from the bottom up, the lynchpin of their strategy should be an economic agenda that fights Trumpism at its roots — by equipping all Americans with the tools they need to adapt to a rapidly changing economy and to look to the future with confidence, not fear. As small as Delaware may be, the path we’ve taken has larger lessons for how to restore economic opportunity in this country and rebuild faith in government’s role as a force for good in people’s lives. Skills for All Delaware has long been part of the global economy by simple virtue of the fact that many of the nation’s largest and best-known companies — including 60 percent of the companies in the Fortune 500 — are legally domiciled in our state. Delaware is also home to the corporate headquarters of such major firms as DuPont, AstraZeneca and Sallie Mae. Without doubt, Delaware’s status as the “corporate capital of the world” has been a boon to our state. But it has been a priority of mine — as it should be for all — to ensure that the prosperity companies enjoy creates opportunities for individuals as well. In Delaware, one way we’ve done this is to invest heavily in the skills of our citizens. Companies have more choices than ever about where to locate and hire. And technology means rote factory and service jobs that used to provide a good wage and benefits no longer exist. Delaware company leaders told me they would innovate, create jobs, and grow the economy here if they could find a skilled workforce that could learn and grow on the job. The work of MIT professors Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee also proved to us that even amid economic uncertainty, there has never been a better time to be someone with the right skills, but never a worse time to be someone without those skills. In evaluating our own workforce, we discovered that more people in our state, like most of America, need credentials beyond a high school diploma. That’s why improving people’s skills — from pre-K to pre-retirement — is now an overarching and urgent priority. For example, the state provided a $250,000 grant, together with business and philanthropic partners, to help launch Zip Code Wilmington, Delaware’s first coding school and one of the first nonprofit coding schools in the country. ZipCode Wilmington offers a 12-week coding boot camp in Java and Javascript, followed by a 26-week paid apprenticeship. Anyone with a high school education can apply, and the program offers need-based scholarships for those who can’t afford the fees. Since its launch in late 2015, more than 100 graduates have found jobs, and their average salaries have grown from $25,000 to nearly $65,000. These graduates include professionals like Dawn Milnamow. Six months after struggling to get a full-time job, she was hired by JP Morgan Chase in an information technology position that nearly tripled her annual salary. The state also created a Pathways to Prosperity initiative, based on research from Harvard University about the disconnect between what students learn in school and the skills they need in the workforce. The program began with 30 high school juniors spending hundreds of hours in a manufacturing program at the state’s community college, Delaware Tech. Program administrators worked with the state manufacturing association and a community college to develop coursework. The kids got summer internships at companies making products like fuel cells and earned industry-recognized credentials along with college credits. Today, 6,000 students are in similar programs across a dozen growing industries. In addition to these efforts to create new opportunities for Delawareans already in or about to enter the workforce, we also took steps to ensure that more kids, especially those from lower-income households, were encouraged to pursue college and were ready to succeed. For instance, the SAT exam is now free for high school juniors, and the College Board now provides up to 8 college admissions application fee waivers per student for low income students. Colleges and universities now partner with high schools to reduce the need for remedial classes for matriculating students. The state’s youngest residents — the future engine of Delaware’s — are also now getting a better start. More than ten percent of kindergarten students in Delaware public schools (and more than 3,000 from k-4) are learning Chinese or Spanish in an immersion setting. Only Utah has done as much to help young kids learn a foreign language. By ninth grade they will be fully fluent, gaining a huge advantage over their future peers competing for jobs. And as part of our efforts to broaden opportunity for all children, high-quality early childhood centers now receive financial incentives to enroll low income kids while centers serving poor communities are getting the support to improve. As a result, 70 percent of children from low-income families are enrolled in a high-quality program, versus just 5 percent in 2011. Thousands more children are also receiving early mental health consultations and developmental screenings. All of what we achieved in Delaware can be achieved in all of our states and the country as a whole when our leaders are willing to stare reality in the face. It didn’t cost a ton of money; it didn’t generate political tantrums; and it was responsive to what businesses needed and people in our state wanted for themselves and their kids. As small as Delaware may be, the path we’ve taken has larger lessons for how to restore economic opportunity in this country and rebuild faith in government’s role as a force for good in people’s lives. A Global Delaware Nationally, the trade debate has been fraught. But in Delaware, we sidestepped that discussion to focus on things that help communities and create jobs, because globalization, like the weather, is something we can complain about but not change. Rather than turning inward, my administration pursued a strategy that was resolutely outward bound. We worked aggressively to grow Delaware’s global presence as an exporter of goods and services produced by our state’s residents and to market the state as a desirable destination for global investment. As one result, Delaware exports rose by $250 million between 2012 and 2015. In fact, our exports rose faster than every state on the eastern seaboard except New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Georgia. We doubled down on strategies that states have long pursued to grow their global footprint, such as organizing trade missions to help Delaware farmers and manufacturers establish relationships abroad. On one trip, we took four Delaware vegetable farmers to Canada and each left with agreements with some of the biggest Canadian distributors to sell their products. Delaware’s first state-led business trips to Mexico led to an estimated $11.2 million in additional sales.  Over just one and a half years, the program supported 40 Delaware businesses on trade missions to Canada, Mexico, Germany and South Korea.  The program cost the state about $70,000 but will generate an expected $16 million in export sales over the next 18 months – a terrific return on investment. On the other side of the ledger, my administration worked hard to woo foreign companies that would create good jobs in the state and invest in our communities. For instance, a Korean poultry company, Harim, rescued a closing facility in Southern Delaware, buying a facility that now employs nearly 1,500 people – nearly equal to the population of the town in which it is located. A Berlin-based tech incubator is opening its first non-German facility in Delaware to help German start-ups that want to do business in the U.S. To attract these new firms, we emphasized our efforts to support a strong workforce and positioned Delaware as a place of “soft-landing” where entrepreneurs have assistance dealing with streamlined licensing and permitting processes. iStock As more Americans opt for urban lifestyles, cities like Wilmington are revitalizing their central business districts. Make Downtown Happen The third leg of Delaware’s strategy over the last eight years was downtown revitalization. Smaller cities like Wilmington and former manufacturing hubs like Erie and Scranton suffered the most when globalization, automation, and new technologies decimated industries that once offered plentiful good-paying jobs, particularly in manufacturing. But these areas have great bone structures. We saw an opportunity to renovate abandoned property, attract new residents and businesses, and revitalize our downtowns. So in Delaware, we created Downtown Development Districts — designated areas in our cities and towns that qualify for development incentives and other benefits to attract residential, commercial, industrial, and mixed use development. We require the municipalities to provide a blueprint for how and where they want development to occur, so we can evaluate which plans make the most sense for the residents and all taxpayers, not just for a developer’s bottom line. Investors who make qualified real estate improvements receive grants for up to 20 percent of their costs above $25,000. Projects can be anything from a non-profit housing agency wanting to renovate a single abandoned property to a for-profit entity building a transformative project that involves residential units upstairs and shops downstairs. Among the results: A condemned parking lot in Wilmington is being replaced with 200 residential units and retail shops. And in Milford, small businesses are performing long-needed construction and renovations. Through $17.7 million in grants from the Delaware State Housing Authority, the three districts targeted for revitalization in the first phase of this strategy have attracted more than $329 million in investments. A second round of grants, for $3.6 million, will help five other districts in the state. While some investments have supported our biggest cities, the program is designed just as much to revitalize smaller, rural areas that, because of a less diverse economy, have been the hardest hit by the 21st century economic transformation. In Seaford, a town in southern Delaware decimated by the closing of DuPont’s nylon plant in the 1980s, we have seen the most significant investment in decades, including a new apartment building with high-end units right on the Nanticoke River. From 2000 to 2010, downtowns in America’s major cities experienced double-digit growth. That was more than twice their rate of overall growth. As more Americans, particularly college-educated young adults, opt for urban lifestyles, cities have a chance to revitalize their central business districts. That means there is more potential than ever in small and medium cities to build opportunity and make downtown exciting and vital again. When I first got into politics, Delaware wasn’t a Democratic state. During the 1990s, we had Republicans in the governor’s mansion, U.S. Senate and our lone House seat. While every state is in some ways a snowflake, the Delaware experience holds important lessons for the rest of the country. Our small size belies our diversity. We have urban centers and rural communities, a growing financial sector as well as a vital agricultural industry. (Chickens, in fact, far outnumber people.) As for the so-called Rising American Electorate of Millennials and minorities — yes, we have our share — but we also have one of the fastest-growing elderly populations in the country, a group that trends Republican. The struggles of our people, cities, and towns are very similar to those struggles in the interior of the country where the new economy threatens to pass many people by. When I first got into politics, Delaware wasn’t a Democratic state. During the 1990s, we had Republicans in the governor’s mansion, U.S. Senate and our lone House seat. Delaware voted for George H.W. Bush and twice for Ronald Reagan. Looking at Delaware now, we don’t profile as an obvious Democratic state. Yet Democrats have won here consistently since the turn of the century. In 1998, when I was first elected as Treasurer, Democrats held only three of the nine state and federal offices; it’s seven of nine today. The increasing abandonment of the Democratic Party happening in other states has not happened here. Democratic enrollment, in fact, has surged from an 8-point edge in 2000 to a 19-point margin today.  Globalization and technology are equal parts exciting and petrifying. What I realized as a Democratic governor is that I had to address both with the same level of passion. On one hand was the amazing potential generated from cutting edge ideas and on the other was the emptiness felt by those left on the sidelines. Throughout my tenure, the question I wrestled with was this: How do you create opportunity in an environment in which the only constant is constant change? In Delaware, we unraveled these riddles with a relentless focus on skills and education, on tying ourselves to the globe instead of running from it, and making our downtowns a full partner in the state’s success. Yes, other governors in other states have certainly pursued elements of the strategy we pursued in our state – and we all have much to learn from them, but it was the combination of these pieces – plus the belief that an active government could be the major force to make good things happen – that has kept Delaware moving forward when so many other areas of the country have struggled. These are lessons that any state can replicate – as can Congress and as should the President. Jack Markell Jack Markell served as Governor of Delaware from 2009 to 2017 and as State Treasurer from 1999 to 2009. He is also a past chair of the Democratic Governors Association and the National Governors Association. Related Posts The Return of McCarthyism by James Bruno March 31, 2017 This time the intelligence community is the target. iStock Judge Gorsuch and What Could Have Been by Thomas Geoghegan March 28, 2017 Since the 1970s, I spent my career hoping to one day witness the return of a liberal Supreme ...read more Miles530/Wikimedia Commons Delaware Special Election Win Shows Energized Democratic Turnout by David Atkins February 25, 2017 9:41 PM Democrats already seem poised to turn their outrage into votes. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Blog The White House’s Nunes Gambit Failed by Martin Longman March 29, 2017 12:30 PM The controversy surrounding his missteps has only added attention to the investigation. Political Animal Blog They Could Bury Us: Will Outrage Fatigue Allow Trump to Survive? by D.R. Tucker April 2, 2017 3:00 PM We cannot gainsay the possibility that the strategy could work.... Politics The Return of McCarthyism by James Bruno March 31, 2017 This time the intelligence community is the target. Politics Judge Gorsuch and What Could Have Been by Thomas Geoghegan March 28, 2017 Since the 1970s, I spent my career hoping to one day witness the return of a liberal Supreme Court. Now I’ll never have the chance. Politics Trump, Felix Sater, and the FBI by Martin Longman April 2, 2017 11:07 AM I’ve been staring at this article for days now. It... Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
04/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live Russia 03/04/2017 Blast rocks St Petersburg metro system, killing at least ten people Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Bulletin Weather All views World 03/04/2017 Lithuania warns Russia could attack 'with 24 hours notice' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "There is total Russophobia, hysterical Russophobia going on" Dmitry Peskov Kremlin spokesman World 03/04/2017 Al-Sisi: no longer a pariah in Washington Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I just want to let everybody know, in case there was any doubt, that we are very much behind President Sisi." Donald Trump Business 03/04/2017 EU unemployment improves again to eight-year low Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Sci-tech 03/04/2017 How technology is bringing us closer to driverless cars Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "In many ways I feel safer, actually, than if I would drive myself." Daniel Tidholm A research engineer at Volvo Car Group Sport 02/04/2017 Local hero Okruashvili takes gold in Georgia Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The crowd gave me so much power and I did what I wanted - I beat the Brazilian." World 02/04/2017 UK politician is slammed for 'sabre-rattling' over Gibraltar Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "How does this kind of diplomacy help our Brexit negotiations?" Tom Watson Labour Party Deputy Leader World 02/04/2017 Colombia: Rescue efforts intensify after deadly landslide Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It breaks my heart" Juan Manuel Santos Colombian President World 02/04/2017 UK could return to blue passports Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The humiliation of having a pink European Union passport will now soon be over" Andrew Rosindell UK Member of Parliament more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Lloyd's of Brussels insurer safeguards EU business Now Reading: Lloyd's of Brussels insurer safeguards EU business economy 30/03/2017 Lloyd's of Brussels insurer safeguards EU business Today's Top Stories Russia 04/04/2017 Putin pays respects to victims of St Petersburg metro blast BREAKING NEWS Russia 04/04/2017 Suspect in St. Petersburg blast reportedly Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen Russia 03/04/2017 St Petersburg bomb unlikely to damage Putin's image Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 03/04/2017 Far-right, fake jobs and all you need to know about France's pivotal election Russia 03/04/2017 Russia's transport system a target for terrorism world news 03/04/2017 Trump-Jinping meeting a step into the unknown last updated: 30/03/2017 Chris Cummins Lloyd’s of London is soon to be Lloyd’s of Brussels as the insurer announced it is to open a subsidiary in the Belgian capital. The company wants to keep its ‘passporting rights’ so that it can continue to offer financial services across the EU. Lloyd’s chief executive, Inga Beale, said the move would guarantee continued business when Britain leaves the EU. #lloydsoflondon to #Brussels & #JPMorgan in #Dublin this morning#MoneyNeverSleeps#brexitshambles #GreatRepealBillpic.twitter.com/PFAIU5uKGh— Bonnie Greer (@Bonn1eGreer) 30 March 2017 Banking giant JP Morgan is in talks to buy office space in Dublin. EXCLUSIVE:JPMorgan in talks for Dublin office that holds 1,000 amid post-brexit</a> expansion <a href="https://t.co/y0I5mAJMii">https://t.co/y0I5mAJMii</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/JackSidders">jacksidders ncallanan</a></p>&mdash; Elisa Martinuzzi (ElisaMartinuzzi) 30 March 2017 It is being reported that the offshoot will require 1,000 staff. Ralf Witzler is from Frankfurt Main Finance, he says its not so easy for financial institutions to just up sticks: “Relocations could be quite ambitious, particularly for the American banks, and for the big Swiss banks whose business is brokerage. It is very complicated. For commercial banks the move would be less complicated, they have a bit more room for manoeuvre. Asset management can relocate relatively quickly. The most pressure is on the big investment banks.” Others maybe leaving on a jet plane as Ryanair and EasyJet have been warned by the EU to relocate out of London or sell off shares to European nationals if they wish to continue to operate intra-Europe routes such as Paris to Berlin. Share this article: More about: Brexit British economy Insurance market United Kingdom Brussels Economy Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Brexit : l'assureur Lloyd's arrive à Bruxelles See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Lloyds of London, JPMorgan Chase: "Brexodus" nimmt Gestalt an See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Brexit: Lloyd's di Londra apriranno una filiale a Bruxelles See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español La aseguradora Lloyd's of London abrirá una filial en Bruselas por el 'brexit' See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Brexit: Lloyd's of London relocaliza atividade europeia em Bruxelas See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Lloyds AB operasyonlarını Brüksel'e taşıyacak See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Перші на вихід: хто покине лондонське Сіті через "брекзіт" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Унесённые "брекситом": Lloyd's of London откроет офис в Брюсселе See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية مؤسسات عالمية تختار مغادرة لندن بعد البريكسيت...تعرف عليها See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی برکسیت: انتقال فعالیتهای برخی شرکتها و بانکهای بزرگ از لندن به نقاط دیگر اروپا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Μετακομίζει στις Βρυξέλλες η Lloyd's of London, πιέσεις να αλλάξουν έδρα Ryanair και Easyjet See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Brüsszel lesz a Lloyd's biztosító európai uniós leányvállalatának központja See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed economy 03/04/2017 European manufacturing feels the benefit of global economic wind economy 03/04/2017 EU unemployment improves again to eight-year low economy 31/03/2017 British economy grows as consumers splash the cash economy 31/03/2017 Credit Swiss mired in international tax evasion probe economy 31/03/2017 Eurozone inflation slows thanks to falling oil and food prices Flashback: one year ago economy 04/04/2016 'Panama Papers:' How are taxes avoided and assets hidden? Ukraine 04/04/2016 Poroshenko defends offshore assets amid 'Panama Papers' leak world news 04/04/2016 Iceland's PM refuses to resign over Panama Papers scandal economy 04/04/2016 Cyprus starts working week out of bailout world news 04/04/2016 When TV puts the power into the hands of fans Editor's choice world news 03/04/2017 Far-right, fake jobs and all you need to know about France's pivotal election Russia 03/04/2017 Russia's transport system a target for terrorism world news 03/04/2017 Trump-Jinping meeting a step into the unknown View 01/04/2017 Northern Ireland: Meaningful peace needs a meaningless border View 31/03/2017 Brexit view: from Great Britain to Little England View 28/03/2017 How the city of Ghent copes with increased numbers of refugees? world news 30/03/2017 Fighting to win - parents brawl at a junior football match in Spain space 31/03/2017 Interactive map: Where do you look for life on Mars? View 31/03/2017 View: Is Emmanuel Macron the new Napoleon Bonaparte of France? See more economy 29/03/2017 Sterling battles back as Brexit is born Today's Top Stories Russia 04/04/2017 Putin pays respects to victims of St Petersburg metro blast BREAKING NEWS Russia 04/04/2017 Suspect in St. Petersburg blast reportedly Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen Russia 03/04/2017 St Petersburg bomb unlikely to damage Putin's image 1 Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Latest Live Live Russia 03/04/2017 Blast rocks St Petersburg metro system, killing at least ten people Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags Russia Explosion Saint Petersburg Metro Terrorism France Conflict in Syria European Union Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Global Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading The ‘extraordinary calm’ in markets... is cause for worry  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy The View by Nicholas Spiro The ‘extraordinary calm’ in markets... is cause for worry Wall Street’s so-called ‘fear gauge’, or Volatility Index, currently stands at just 12.3 points, close to the record low of below 10 touched before the global financial crisis PUBLISHED : Monday, 03 April, 2017, 8:57am UPDATED : Monday, 03 April, 2017, 10:38pm Comments:   Nicholas Spiro Share PrintEmail Related topics The View Investing Related Articles Global Economy Rates will do nothing to burst Hong Kong property bubble 30 Mar 2017 Business A competition regulator is the only hope for Hong Kong 30 Mar 2017 Banking & Finance Why the ETF industry is a ticking time bomb 29 Mar 2017 Last week was one that investors in South African assets would rather forget. The rand, South Africa’s currency and one of the most actively traded emerging market (EM) currencies, tumbled 9 per cent against the US dollar in response to president Jacob Zuma’s decision to fire his well-regarded finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, in a move which has plunged Africa’s largest economy into a full-blown political crisis and is expected to hasten the loss of the country’s coveted investment grade credit rating. A little over three years ago, when developing economies were bearing the brunt of the fallout from the unexpected decision by the US Federal Reserve to scale back, or taper, its programme of quantitative easing (QE), a sharp sell-off in South African assets would have put the currencies and equities of other emerging markets under strain. Correlations between the prices of financial assets across the world have fallen to their lowest levels since the global financial crisis Yet this time round, financial contagion is nowhere to be seen. On Friday, the day after Gordhan was ousted, Asian currencies even rose against the dollar while yields on Latin American local government bonds continued to decline. In the week ending March 29, when speculation about Zuma’s plans to fire Gordhan was mounting, net inflows into emerging market bond mutual funds surged to US$2.8 billion, according to JPMorgan, an eight-month high. The absence of widespread contagion stems partly from the much stronger divergences in the performance of asset classes over the past several months, and particularly since the victory of Donald Trump in the US presidential election. Correlations between the prices of financial assets across the world have fallen to their lowest levels since the global financial crisis as expectations of reflationary policies under the Trump administration accentuate divergences in monetary policies and, crucially, increase the importance of fundamentals and country-specific conditions in determining the performance of assets. While asset prices are still being distorted by the ultra-loose monetary policies of central banks – large swaths of the European and Japanese government debt markets are negative-yielding – equities, bonds and currencies in developed and developing economies are no longer moving in lockstep. Moreover, stronger economic data in both regions – manufacturing and services sector activity in the eurozone is expanding at its fastest pace in six years while China’s recovering manufacturing sector has just stopped shedding employment for the first time since 2012 – is buoying sentiment, reducing the scope for volatile “risk on, risk off” trading conditions in which investors behave in a herd-like manner depending on the state of the markets. In a report earlier this year, Morgan Stanley noted that global markets are witnessing a “correlation crash” in which “regional correlations, cross-asset correlations and individual stock and [foreign-exchange] correlations have fallen simultaneously. We haven’t seen a shift this severe in over a decade”. This is a boon for so-called macro traders who profit from political and economic divergences between countries by placing bets on different nations’ currencies, bonds and equities. More importantly, it suggests that some degree of normality is returning to markets after years in which central banks’ ultra-accommodative monetary policies distorted asset prices heavily, allowing fundamentals to become dangerously detached from market conditions. In 2015, the International Monetary Fund warned that “the substantial rise in correlations between asset markets in advanced and emerging market economies points to an increased possibility of [financial] contagion or spillovers in periods of stress”. This risk has clearly receded. Since Trump’s victory in the US election, Morgan Stanley’s cross-asset correlation index has fallen to its lowest level in 14 years. This is the good news. The bad news, however, is that the rapid decline in correlations between asset classes has contributed to a worryingly sharp fall in volatility levels in markets in the face of a plethora of risks and vulnerabilities. The popular Vix Index, Wall Street’s so-called “fear gauge” which measures the expected volatility of the US equity market implied by derivative contracts, currently stands at just 12.3 points, close to the record low of below 10 touched before the global financial crisis. The extraordinary calm in markets is dangerously at odds with mounting concerns on the part of investors and asset managers, particularly in Europe. According to the latest global fund manager survey from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 33 per cent of respondents believe European politics represents the biggest “tail risk” for markets this year. Less scope for financial contagion is to be welcomed – but not if the price for this is excessive complacency. Nicholas Spiro is a partner at Lauressa Advisory This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Nervous calm More articles by Nicholas Spiro Enjoy the emerging markets rally while it lasts 27 Mar 2017 - 11:03pm 1 The disconnect between investors and commentators 20 Mar 2017 - 10:45pm Why investors are taking tighter policy in their stride 16 Mar 2017 - 10:46pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 HSBC’s compliance rules require more client account information 2 Why China’s economic jabs at South Korea are self-defeating 3 Everybody is overlooking this developing trend in China’s yuan 4 End to bank queues? Asia embraces digital-only revolution 5 The ‘extraordinary calm’ in markets... is cause for worry Shared 1 HSBC’s compliance rules require more client account information 2 Why China’s economic jabs at South Korea are self-defeating 3 Everybody is overlooking this developing trend in China’s yuan 4 Moscow and Beijing unite to bypass US dollar in world money market 5 End to bank queues? Asia embraces digital-only revolution Commented 1 Hong Kong mum launches TripAdvisor-for-schools website 2 Hong Kong’s ticking time bomb: unexploded wartime ordnance 3 Six luxury Hong Kong hotels that are no longer with us 4 Vanessa Cheung’s tips for busy Hongkongers on how to stay fit 5 The growing problem of allergies and how to deal with them       You may also like Insight & Opinion A crime is a crime, whoever commits it 3 Apr 2017 - 1:23am 31 Your partner in the cloud In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Opinion Why China’s economic jabs at South Korea are self-defeating 2 Apr 2017 - 2:29pm 23 Smooth sailing on the high seas Sponsored by: Transport and Housing Bureau Geopolitics What a jet-lagged soccer team says about China-Korea relations 2 Apr 2017 - 8:38am 20 Hong Kong Hong Kong leadership race ‘a farce’, Regina Ip aide claims 2 Apr 2017 - 9:30pm 27 Hong Kong 36pc rise in use of pepper spray by Hong Kong police on protesters 2 Apr 2017 - 11:30pm 17 Politics Why China, India and the Dalai Lama are pushing the boundaries 1 Apr 2017 - 2:03pm 32 Hong Kong Five unethical foods available in Hong Kong 1 Apr 2017 - 1:48pm 19 Hong Kong Rise of the 215 sq ft home as Hong Kong price boom squeezes buyers 1 Apr 2017 - 1:44pm 27 Film & TV Crazy Rich Asians casts its Chinese male lead – and he’s half-white 30 Mar 2017 - 8:16am 19 Hong Kong Weather to bring four seasons in one day 31 Mar 2017 - 8:38pm 2 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Diamond Mounts Latest Comeback Bid From U.K.’s Minor Leagues by John Detrixhe @johndetrixhe More stories by John Detrixhe , Donal Griffin @DonalGriffin1 More stories by Donal Griffin , and Richard Partington @RJPartington More stories by Richard Partington April 3, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT Ex-Barclays chief’s firm to take control of Panmure Gordon 141-year-old broker specializes in share sales on AIM exchange Bob Diamond. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Bob Diamond, a financial heavy hitter when he ran Barclays Plc, is coming back to the City of London. His latest venture plays in the minor leagues. Diamond’s investment firm is set to take control of Panmure Gordon & Co., a stockbroker that focuses on the AIM market, where the brokers do much of the regulating and many of Britain’s riskiest listed companies trade.  The former banking titan, forced out of Barclays five years ago in the wake of the Libor scandal, has seen his bid to build a pan-African bank falter. Now Atlas Merchant Capital LLC, which Diamond founded, plans to turn Panmure Gordon into a bigger, boutique investment bank, which may prove challenging as stockbrokers struggle and Brexit looms. “What Panmure Gordon needs is stable ownership and some magic dust, some oomph,’’ said Tim Linacre, who left as the firm’s chief executive officer in 2012. Jain, Corzine It’s unusual for a former top executive to reemerge at a smaller firm, but not unprecedented. Anshu Jain, who stepped down as co-CEO of Deutsche Bank AG in 2015, became president this year of New York-based Cantor Fitzgerald LP, a brokerage with a tenth as many employees as Germany’s largest bank. Jon Corzine, a former co-CEO of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and governor of New Jersey, ran MF Global Holdings Ltd. for 1 1/2 years until it collapsed in 2011. Diamond, 65, declined to comment on his strategy for Panmure Gordon, but according to the offering statement the plan is to hire senior merger advisory bankers, strengthen the equities division and expand product offerings. Diamond has experience building a securities business: during his tenure at Barclays he turned an also-ran investment bank into a debt-trading powerhouse. The former Barclays chief won’t be taking a management role at Panmure Gordon, according to CEO Patric Johnson, who plans to stay on. Based in the shadow of St. Paul’s Cathedral, Panmure Gordon employed three generations of ex-Prime Minister David Cameron’s forbears and traces its roots to the glory days of the British Empire. Yet its shares have fallen 90 percent in the past decade. The offer by Diamond’s Atlas Merchant and Qatari investment bank QInvest LLC, announced March 17, values the firm at 15.5 million pounds ($19.3 million). The clientele has also changed from the days when the brokerage provided financing for the Chinese imperial government. Today, it specializes in trading and share sales on AIM, the more lightly regulated, junior bourse run by London Stock Exchange Group Plc. The number of AIM-listed companies has dwindled to the lowest in 14 years, and the market’s returns have lagged. Xavier Rolet, CEO of the London Stock Exchange, told U.K. lawmakers last November that AIM serves as a vital source of funds for “very small, high growth” firms. Companies raised 4.8 billion pounds through share sales on AIM in 2016, including about 126 million pounds in offerings managed by Panmure Gordon, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Similar junior markets operate from Frankfurt to Scandinavia. Detractors say AIM is little more than a casino stuffed with small, risky companies. Since the end of 2015, three firms on the 810-member FTSE AIM All-Share Index gained more than 1,500 percent, including a tiny investment firm advised by Panmure Gordon called Monchhichi Plc. About 100 of the companies lost at least half their value. Panmure Gordon and its competing brokers serve as “nominated advisers,’’ or nomads, that act as the primary regulator for their AIM companies while also collecting fees from them, an arrangement that has drawn criticism. “I find AIM stocks dangerous,” said Daniel Yu, a short seller and founder of Gotham City Research LLC in New York. “They can be easily manipulated by unscrupulous stock promoters, and you have no recourse when you lose money.” Yu made a 2014 wager against Quindell Plc, an AIM-listed software company that has since changed its name to Watchstone Group Plc. U.K. regulators later probed the business’s accounting practices and last year fined its nomad, Cenkos Securities Plc, 530,500 pounds for a lack of proper controls. Cenkos said in August that it had “developed and implemented an extensive remediation program to enhance and improve its systems and controls in relation to its sponsor services.” Officials at Watchstone and Cenkos didn’t respond to requests for comment for this article. To be sure, no market is immune. U.K. grocer Tesco Plc is listed on London’s flagship exchange and is paying 214 million pounds to resolve an accounting scandal.  Marcus Stuttard, the head of AIM, said that while the number of companies listed on the exchange has declined as the market matured, continued investment and listings show the venue is trusted. “We’re seeing companies with higher valuations coming to AIM, and we’re seeing them raise more money,” Stuttard said. “We’re seeing the market performance is stronger.” Snoozebox, MaxCyte Panmure Gordon, founded in 1876, posted annual losses in six of the 10 years through 2015 as initial stock sales dwindled in the wake of the financial crisis. The firm, which has about 100 employees, is scheduled to report 2016 results on Tuesday. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Some of its biggest deals show the risks of investing in AIM companies. Panmure Gordon helped raise almost 1 billion pounds through share sales over the past five years for AIM clients, Bloomberg data show. The majority of the 30 biggest deals have lost value, while about a third of the companies involved have fallen by more than half. It raised more than 30 million pounds for Snoozebox Holdings Plc, a portable hotel business it said in 2013 was going from “strength to strength.” The stock has since tumbled 99 percent. Recognizing Risk Some deals have worked out well. Morses Club Plc, a “doorstep” lender that makes weekly house calls to collect its debts, has climbed since Panmure Gordon sold about 34 million pounds of its shares last May. MaxCyte Inc., a U.S. biotechnology company, and Gear4Music Holdings Plc, a U.K. musical-equipment retailer, have both more than tripled since selling shares. “It’s a high-risk market,” said Richard Killingbeck, the CEO of WH Ireland Group Plc, a rival of Panmure Gordon. “Most players, both on the sell side and the buy side, recognize that.” Fewer big firms do dealings on AIM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acts as nomad to six companies, including internet fashion retailer ASOS Plc, seen as one of the market’s successes. Yet Deutsche Bank AG, UBS Group AG, Morgan Stanley and Lazard Ltd. have exited. Barclays said it has never been a nomad. It can be difficult to profit from tiny stocks and the risks are too high for some. “I’m not one of those people that says it’s a casino, but it’s more risky and at some banks the appetite for risk is low,’’ said former CEO Linacre, now chairman of real estate investment company Shareproperty Ltd. and a senior managing partner at public relations agency Instinctif Partners. For large lenders, “making some money from an AIM stock is very hard and fundamentally it’s also a reputational issue.’’ The American-born Diamond’s return to London comes as his effort to build a bank spanning sub-Saharan Africa is showing signs of strain. Atlas Mara Ltd., a firm he co-founded with entrepreneur Ashish Thakkar, bought stakes in lenders in seven African nations, but the shares have fallen more than 80 percent from their peak.  Read next for more on Diamond’s African venture Diamond set up Atlas Merchant Capital in 2013 to buy financial-services assets. In 2015, the firm invested in South Street Securities Holdings Inc., a New York-based broker-dealer that specializes in some of the most basic areas of the fixed-income markets.  He told Bloomberg Television in September that he saw “opportunity” in small and medium-sized European banks. The firm bought a Greek consumer lender in February, and was previously in talks over Italian asset manager Arca SGR and Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA. The prospect of Britain’s exit from the European Union didn’t deter Diamond from bidding for Panmure Gordon. “People have realized the Earth isn’t going to fall in and there are deals to be done,” said Adrian Patten, chairman and co-founder of London-based financial technology firm Cobalt DL, which received an investment from Citigroup Inc. last year. He previously worked for Morgan Grenfell & Co., a London merchant bank that was purchased by Deutsche Bank. For Panmure Gordon, the targeted clients will remain the same following the sale, Johnson, the CEO, said in a phone interview. “We’re champions of growth companies and will remain so,’’ said Johnson. “They’re seeing what we’re doing, agree with the strategy and want to be part of it.’’ Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Musk Trolls Shorts as Tesla's Value Hits Record, Passes Ford Tesla Beats Estimate With 25,000 Deliveries as Model 3 Nears Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DISH Network Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVGI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Descartes Systems Group Inc (DSGX) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Goldman Sachs Group Inc Downgrades Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) to Neutral West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. (WFT) PT Set at C$50.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Rating Increased to Buy at Cleveland Research FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC American Express Company (AXP) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 5th Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 5th American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on April 21st Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) to Release Earnings on Wednesday LiDCO Group plc (LID) Insider Peter Grant Acquires 500,000 Shares of Stock Arbuthnot Banking Group Plc (ARBB) Insider Henry Angest Purchases 150,500 Shares New York & Company, Inc. (NWY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Set $86.67 Price Target for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Receives $27.88 Average PT from Brokerages American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Lowered to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Basf Se (BAS) Given a €66.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $80.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 26.84% from the company’s previous close. Several other analysts have also issued reports on DISH. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $88.50 target price on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $62.00 target price (up previously from $59.00) on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “focus list” rating on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of DISH Network Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, FBR & Co reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.70. DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) opened at 63.07 on Friday. DISH Network Corp has a one year low of $43.28 and a one year high of $64.74. The company has a market capitalization of $29.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.67 and a beta of 1.09. The company’s 50-day moving average is $62.52 and its 200 day moving average is $59.01. DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.04. DISH Network Corp had a net margin of 6.48% and a return on equity of 40.84%. The business had revenue of $3.72 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.76 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.27) earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that DISH Network Corp will post $2.81 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/dish-network-corp-dish-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. In other DISH Network Corp news, EVP Warren Schlichting sold 8,878 shares of DISH Network Corp stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.90, for a total transaction of $549,548.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Thomas A. Cullen sold 60,000 shares of DISH Network Corp stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.49, for a total transaction of $3,749,400.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 101,378 shares of company stock worth $6,310,698 over the last ninety days. 49.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 7.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 24,440,962 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,338,875,000 after buying an additional 1,712,291 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $942,242,000. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 9,652,643 shares of the company’s stock worth $559,179,000 after buying an additional 138,830 shares during the period. Tourbillon Capital Partners L.P. increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. Tourbillon Capital Partners L.P. now owns 5,803,356 shares of the company’s stock worth $336,188,000 after buying an additional 410,056 shares during the period. Finally, FMR LLC increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 13.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,729,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $331,921,000 after buying an additional 698,352 shares during the period. 47.98% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About DISH Network Corp DISH Network Corporation is a holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Pay-TV and Broadband, and Wireless. It offers pay-TV services under the DISH brand and the Sling brand (collectively Pay-TV services). The DISH branded pay-TV service consists of Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licenses authorizing it to use direct broadcast satellite and Fixed Satellite Service spectrum, its owned and leased satellites, receiver systems, third-party broadcast operations, customer service facilities, a leased fiber optic network, in-home service and call center operations, and certain other assets utilized in its operations. Receive News & Ratings for DISH Network Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Markets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Uncovering the Secret History of Wall Street’s Largest Oil Trade Year after year, Mexico places a multi-billion-dollar bet in a deal that big banks lust after. This is the untold story of how the “Hacienda hedge” happens. by Javier Blas @JavierBlas2 More stories by Javier Blas April 4, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT From The men huddled in the same first-floor conference room as always, only this time they’d decided to make their annual oil bet bigger and bolder than ever before. Fewer than a dozen representatives from three Mexican government ministries and Petróleos Mexicanos, the state energy company, were about to make a wildly contrarian play. If it paid off, the profits would be enormous. And if they were wrong? They would have spent a small fortune in vain. Almost seven months earlier, at the beginning of January 2008, the price of oil had flirted with $100 a barrel for the first time in history. It retreated to below $90 by the end of the month, but then, in early February, the price took off. West Texas Intermediate, the U.S. benchmark, reached a new high every month—$103.05, $111.80, $119.93, $135.09, $143.67—until finally, in early July, it hit $147.27 a barrel. Seemingly insatiable demand from emerging economies, including China and Brazil, encouraged outrageous chatter of $200 a barrel among the giddiest traders. Even those with bearish outlooks were fairly optimistic, figuring there would be a correction, not a crash. Illustrator: Armando Veve for Bloomberg Markets Yet on July 22, 2008, just 11 days after oil reached its all-time high, this small group of Mexicans gathered to discuss their very different outlook in the ornate surroundings of Mexico’s finance ministry, the Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público. The ­palace—located on the Zócalo, the capital’s vast main square—had been built centuries earlier atop what once was the home of conquistador Hernán Cortés. On the walls around the main entrance, gigantic Diego Rivera murals depict the country’s history. When “the men from Hacienda,” as they’re known, ­headed back to their desks, their mission was to lock in, or hedge, Mexico’s oil revenue through a deal with Wall Street banks. Within minutes they began firing off messages to the oil trading desks of Barclays, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank. Their ­instructions were to buy “put” options, contracts giving them the right to sell oil at a predetermined future price, at levels ranging from $66.50 to $87 a barrel. The banks receiving the orders had never seen an oil deal this big. The price tag for the options was $1.5 billion. From Houston to New York to London, bankers worked against the clock to close the gigantic transaction. It amounted to 330 million barrels, enough to meet the annual oil imports of the Netherlands. Barclays, which was then muscling into the commodity big leagues, did the bulk of the buying with 220 million barrels. Goldman followed, at 85 million barrels. Betting that oil prices were about to crash was an audacious wager, one made all the more remarkable by the individuals behind the deal—civil servants with unassuming titles such as “director general of fiscal planning.” In the lucrative oil business, a profession known for its generous compensation, these government employees were probably the worst-paid stiffs around. Yet the men from Hacienda—so called still, even though women are sometimes in the room—proved prescient in predicting a crash. “It’s the deal that all banks wait for each year. It’s so large that it can make or break their year” Everybody knew the world was tipping into a financial ­crisis at the time, but because of its excellent banking and political connections in the U.S., Mexico may well have had special insight into just how bad things would get. What’s more, as one of the world’s top oil exporters, the country generally has better information than, say, hedge funds, about where the market is heading. In 2008, that information led those in the room to believe global supply was well in excess of global demand. Sure enough, as the banks executed the deal over a five-month period, oil prices tipped into free fall amid the worst financial catastrophe since the Great Depression. In 2009 oil prices would average less than $55, well below the average price of the options of $70. The key to success behind this huge sovereign oil hedge was moving “quickly, very quickly,” says Gerardo Rodriguez. Undersecretary of finance and public credit at the time, he was one of those in the room; he’s now a managing director at BlackRock Inc. “At the start of the summer we saw that the financial crisis was spreading fast,” he says. “Despite that, oil prices were still high. They were even climbing. We told ourselves, ‘We need insurance, and we need to take advantage of $150 oil prices.’ ” In December 2009 the four investment banks involved in the deal wired the proceeds of the wager back to Mexico. Official records tracking the money that landed in Account No. 420127 at state-owned Nacional Financiera bank show the tidy sum ­Mexico made: $5,084,873,500. Oil hedges aren’t uncommon. Airlines do them to insure against rising prices; U.S. shale producers rely on them to lock in revenue. But no deal comes close to matching Mexico’s annual “Hacienda hedge.” “Mexico is the biggest annual oil deal,” says Goran Trapp, founder of boutique advisory firm Energex Partners and former global head of oil trading at Morgan Stanley. Over the last 10 years, the notional value of the hedge has added up to $163 billion. “It’s the deal that all banks wait for each year,” says Richard Fullarton, founder of commodity fund Matilda Capital Management and a former senior trader at Royal Dutch Shell and Glencore. “It’s so large that it can make or break their year.” Despite its size, impact, and huge fees, the deal is one that few people, even in the energy industry or on Wall Street, know much about. Painstakingly, the world’s 12th-largest oil producer and its bankers have cloaked the program in secrecy to prevent others—namely trading houses and hedge funds—from front-running Mexico’s orders. “Minimizing its visibility is extremely important,” wrote Javier Duclaud and Gerardo García, two senior officials at Mexico’s central bank, in a 2012 report for the International Monetary Fund. This is the untold story of how Mexico, as early as 1990, constructed what quickly became the world’s largest and best-­concealed oil trade. Bloomberg Markets unraveled the secret history of the Hacienda hedge through dozens of interviews with current and former government officials, traders, brokers, bankers, and consultants, as well as a review of thousands of pages of previously unreported documents, some obtained through ­freedom-of-information requests in the U.S. and Mexico. Although some people agreed to speak on the record about the deal, others did so only on condition of anonymity because they were discussing a confidential government program. Mexico’s oil hedge has real economic significance. Until fairly recently, the country relied on oil for about a third of its income, leaving it dangerously exposed to boom-and-bust price cycles. According to current and past government officials, the main purpose of the hedging is not to pad the country’s coffers but rather to protect the federal budget from fluctuations in oil prices. What’s more, it’s a fiscally responsible exercise that ­reduces the country’s borrowing costs, says Fabián Valencia, a senior IMF economist in Washington who follows Mexico. “The hedge means Mexico pays about 30 basis points less on its sovereign debt,” he says. Hedging is like buying insurance, says Guillermo Ortiz, who was governor of the country’s central bank from 1998 to 2009: “You buy it hoping you won’t need it.” For its part, Mexico has shown a Wall Street-style wizardry in trading oil. It usually makes money on its hedges—sometimes a lot of money, as in 2008-09. From 2001 to 2017, the country made a profit of $2.4 billion; its hedges raked in $14.1 billion in gains and paid out $11.7 billion in fees to banks and brokers. (The banks have an additional incentive: They can make money by creating trades of their own that are linked to but separate from the hedge itself.) So far, Mexico has managed to dodge some obvious risks inherent in deals of this magnitude. “If you get it wrong,” says George Richardson, a senior official at the World Bank, speaking of megahedges in general, “it’s a serious political problem.” The fat fees going to the banks may also end up looking wasteful and may even dissuade other oil-producing countries from ­engaging in hedges of their own, he says. “Is it worth it to pay the premium rather than, say, build a new hospital?” If anything, recent results have made the Mexican government look especially good. The country earned $6.4 billion in 2015 and $2.7 billion in 2016. For 2017, the jury is still out. Last summer, Mexico spent just above $1 billion buying put options with a floor price of $38 a barrel. If prices stay where they are now, hovering around $50 a barrel, the men from Hacienda won’t make any money, but if prices drop on average below $38 a barrel, they’ll start to. We won’t know the outcome until December. Mexico first hedged oil in 1990, after Saddam Hussein ­invaded Kuwait and threw the petroleum-rich Middle East into crisis. Soon the United Nations had embargoed Iraqi and Kuwaiti crude, ­removing about 10 percent of the world’s supply from the market. Prices soared from a low of $15.06 a barrel in June of that year to $41.15 in October. The Mexican treasury reaped the benefits of these fast-­rising prices, but the government of Carlos Salinas de Gortari also sensed the boom wouldn’t last, not with the U.S. economy cooling and President George H.W. Bush preparing for war. According to Aldo Flores Quiroga, the country’s current deputy oil minister, the “thinking on the use of financial instruments of this kind has its origins in the 1980s, when Mexico was seeking to stabilize its fiscal stance.” In particular, the government had failed to anticipate the 1985-86 oil crisis, when Saudi Arabia flooded the market and prices tumbled. By 1990 the prospect that Washington could tap the brakes on oil prices by dipping into U.S. strategic petroleum reserves loomed large. To make sure Mexico wasn’t again exposed to forces beyond its control, the Salinas government decided to bet on prices falling and enlisted Goldman Sachs. Stephen Semlitz, a rising star and head of energy trading at J. Aron & Co., the bank’s legendary in-house commodities unit, and Robert Rubin, Goldman’s co-chairman, who later became U.S. treasury secretary, proved instrumental in helping Mexico lock in a price of $17 a barrel for the first few months of 1991. The deal worked: Maya crude, Mexico’s benchmark, plunged as low as $9.75 a barrel that year. Despite the modest success of the Gulf War hedge, Mexico didn’t do it again for years, as oil prices remained relatively stable. Illustrator: Armando Veve for Bloomberg Markets The country was again caught off guard in the late 1990s, however, when the Asian economic crisis crippled oil demand just as OPEC countries boosted production in a brutal attempt to gain market share. As a result, prices crashed. In December 1998, Mexico sold crude for as little as $5.68 a barrel to a U.S. refinery. Mexico, which isn’t a member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, hadn’t anticipated the crisis and hadn’t hedged. In trader parlance, the country was naked. The experience scarred a generation of government officials, who decided they could never leave themselves so exposed again. Thus began the modern Mexican hedge, which came into existence in the early 2000s after legislators passed a law allowing sufficient budgetary flexibility to accommodate the deals. In 2001, Mexico made a tentative showing, spending just $217.3 million on put options, a fraction of the approximately $1 billion a year it would spend later. In 2003 and 2004, with oil prices rising, the country opted not to hedge at all. (The Mexican government declined to comment for this story.) The strategy came into its own in 2005, according to ­several officials familiar with the matter. Mexico has hedged every year since without interruption. Agustín Carstens, who later became head of the central bank, was finance minister when the big $5.1 billion payout came in 2009; some government officials also refer to the annual oil bet as “the Agustínian hedge.” In the early 2000s, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, already known as “the Wall Street refineries,” continued expanding into oil. The Hacienda hedge became an especially important part of their business, say bankers with knowledge of the deals. Goldman kept a particularly firm grip on the deal it had helped to fashion a decade earlier. As recently as 2010, according to Mexican government documents, Goldman was handling 56.5 percent of all the barrels involved in the deal. Lured by the large fees and the cachet of landing part of such a prestigious deal, other banks—Barclays, Deutsche, JPMorgan Chase—began angling in. Mexico has since widened the net even further, recruiting outfits such as Citigroup, HSBC, and BNP Paribas, according to government documents. For the 2017 deal, the country reached outside the banking industry for the first time and hired the trading arm of Royal Dutch Shell Plc. In most recent annual hedges, Mexico has used from four to six counterparties. Current and former bankers involved in the deal say the lenders’ profits were $30 million to $80 million a year per bank. “The Mexican hedge is an extremely important part of the oil business of the banks,” says George Kuznetsov, head of research at Coalition Development Ltd., an analytics company that tracks investment houses. Nonetheless, while Mexico has spent an ­average of $1 billion a year hedging over the past decade, the banks’ slices of that rich pie have gotten smaller, as more and more lenders have entered the mix. For some bankers, the deal’s overall profitability hides the danger of big one-time losses, according to people familiar with it. “Over the years, the hedge has built a mixed reputation with the banks,” Kuznetsov says. “There is a big potential you could lose.” Tellingly, some banks that were—or still are—active players in the oil market never touched the Mexico deal, including Société Générale, UBS, and Credit Suisse, according to government documents; Morgan Stanley decided on several ­occasions against participating. (All the banks featured in this story declined to comment.) What’s more, U.S. regulations put into effect after the global financial crisis have introduced complications. Before 2008, banks kept the hedging risk in-house for weeks and even months, slowly offloading it to other clients without the need to go out into the broader oil futures market. For instance, a client other than the Mexican government—say, an airline seeking protection against rising prices—might take the other side of the Hacienda hedge. After 2008, the rules of the game started to change. One example is the Volcker Rule, which prohibits banks from making certain speculative investments. The rule went into effect in July 2015. Its constraints on risk oblige the banks to get it off their books quickly. One way banks do this is by hedging in the futures market: They might take the other side of the hedge themselves, in effect selling futures within a mix of oil and refined products. The Mexican government was so worried about the ­Volcker Rule that it dispatched a team of officials to Washington in October 2012 to lobby the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and other agencies. A Mexican presentation seen by Bloomberg Markets argued, in effect, that the banks needed to be able to hang onto risk for longer—that a transaction “of the size and characteristics of Mexico’s oil price hedging program requires swaps dealers to take significant commodity risk for extended periods of time in order to provide liquidity to markets.” For the banks, the ability to hedge their bets is crucial. Given their exposure, if the hedge is poorly executed and the market moves against them, they risk losses that could eat into a large chunk of their annual profits. Take 2009: Mexico made $5.1 billion that year, but at height of the oil price crash, the mark-to-market value of the hedge (equivalent to what the banks could have ended up paying to the Mexican treasury) was huge—“close to $10 billion,” according to the report by Duclaud and García, the Mexican central bank economists. “The execution of the hedging program is challenging, so particular attention must be placed on selecting counterparties,” they wrote.  The 2009 payments highlight the size of the potential impact for the banks if their own hedges don't work well, not that that happens often, according to bankers. That year Barclays paid Mexico roughly $3.1 billion, equal to more than a third of its pre-tax adjusted profit; Goldman Sachs, $1.3 billion; Deutsche Bank, $405 million, and Morgan Stanley, $128 million. Until 2009, the Mexican government didn’t disclose any information about the Hacienda hedge. Since then, its practice is to disclose as little as possible. And the banks? They never publicly acknowledge their participation in deals like this. Still, for all the Mexican government’s efforts to keep its megahedge hidden, a detailed history of how the deal works can be gleaned from the thick, bound volumes of the legislature’s ­annual audit, the Auditoría Superior de la Federación. Among other ­insights, the thousands of pages reveal that Mexico’s current practice is to buy so-called Asian-style put options. That allows the country to hedge an ­average price rather than the price at the expiration of the contract, as is the case with “American-style” options. While the Mexican government hedges every year, it doesn’t enter the market at the same time. According to the audits, it has started buying options as early as May and as late as August. In the early years, Mexico locked in the price of West Texas Intermediate, but that caused trouble because of WTI’s ever-changing price relationship with Maya, Mexico’s main crude export grade. Today, to avoid price variations from benchmark to benchmark, the hedge involves a combination of Maya—usually 80 percent to 90 percent of the total—and Brent, the world standard. The audits confirm Mexico’s reputation in the oil market for shrewd trading and its keen desire to keep the deal quiet. No year epitomizes those characteristics as much as 2007, the year before the big deal that made $5.1 billion for Mexico. The men from Hacienda started early in 2007, hedging 5 million barrels during the week of June 18. With prices failing to decline, Mexico slowly built up its position, selling 185 million barrels in the next three weeks. In late July, with prices rising fast, it went all in, doing 100 million barrels in a single week. The wave of selling sent prices tumbling 10 percent. Mexico ­immediately vanished from the market, staying quiet for three weeks. The men from Hacienda didn’t return until the end of August, as prices rose again, quickly selling an additional 85 million barrels in 10 days. In total that year, Mexico sold 435 million barrels in 68 deals. Goldman Sachs handled the bulk of those orders—250 million barrels in total. The audits also disclose something oil traders have long suspected: Mexico doesn’t trade just in the summer; it’s been in the market during the winter at least once. In the summer of 2013, Mexico, as usual, bought put options, securing a price of $81 a barrel. But contrary to its usual practice, the country reentered the market in January and February 2014, restructuring the deal at $85 a barrel. Mexican officials have argued that the hedge, which runs annually from Dec. 1 to Nov. 30, doesn’t affect prices. However, bankers who are or have been involved in the deal, as well as oil traders who monitor it closely, say Mexico’s hedging, in fact, roils the market. That certainly happens when Mexico’s bankers sell futures to protect themselves, putting downward pressure on oil prices. If only because of its magnitude, the hedge is a fount of rumor, chatter, and volatility—particularly when Mexico is hedging and the market is falling, as in 2008 and again in 2014. Despite Mexico’s success, no other oil-producing country has followed suit with similarly large hedges. Several nations, ­including Qatar and Russia, have come close to implementing a big hedging program through Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, but they walked away at the last minute, according to people familiar with the talks. For the massive Middle East producers, hedging appears to be a headache they’d just as soon avoid. With small populations and huge revenue, they instead self-insure, amassing their ­petrodollar reserves and saving during boom times by pouring money into their fat sovereign wealth funds. Saudi Arabia, for example, has since late 2014 used about $200 billion from its foreign exchange reserves to weather a period of low prices. Poorer oil-producing countries don’t have that luxury, and that’s when oil hedging might look attractive. Ecuador, OPEC’s smallest member, is a case study in how an oil hedge gone wrong can cause a political storm. In early 1993, Quito decided to lock in oil prices through a series of relatively complex deals involving put options and swaps orchestrated in conjunction with Goldman’s J. Aron & Co. Ecuador secured a floor of $14.88 a barrel for the year, handing the bank $12 million in fees. But the deal left the country ­exposed to pay more if prices turned out to be higher. To the surprise of the government, oil did indeed move in that direction, ­averaging $15.85 a barrel. As a result, Ecuador not only lost the $12 million it paid for put options that turned out to be worthless but also had to pay an extra $6 million to Goldman for the swap. The political opposition to President Sixto Durán Ballén, according to an IMF review of the deal, blasted “the high losses to the country,” and Ecuadorean lawmakers appointed a special committee to investigate allegations of corruption against ­several officials involved in the hedge. (The panel concluded there was no wrongdoing.) Ecuador’s mistake may well have been to see the hedge as a bet rather than an insurance policy. Mexico’s hedge has never triggered a ­political backlash of any real consequence. But that doesn’t mean the joyride can last forever. Oil is no longer the make-or-break revenue generator it once was. Last year it accounted for only 17 percent of total government revenue. And oil production is declining even as domestic demand is climbing—reducing net exports and hence the size of the deal. In the hedge’s halcyon days, Mexico sold forward more than 450 million barrels of oil; this year it’s done only 250 million. Despite the budgetary stability the annual big bet has brought to this country of 122 million people, the sun may be setting, however slowly, on the hedge and the men from Hacienda who pull it off. Blas is chief energy correspondent for Bloomberg News in London. This story appears in the April/May 2017 issue of Bloomberg Markets magazine.   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About Us Advert Rates Jobs Sporting Life Advert Rates E-Papers My Account Logout Home About Us Advert Rates Jobs Sporting Life Advert Rates E-Papers My Account Logout News Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Mohammed Harunna Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Thursday Gbenga Omotoso Lawal Ogienagbon Dapo Fafowora Jide Osuntokun Jide Oluwajuyitan Gbogun gboro Friday Segun Gbadegesin Olatunji Ololade Femi Abbas Louis Odion Steve Osuji Saturday Segun Ayobolu Ade Ojeikere Yomi Odunuga Dayo Sobowale Victor Akande Hannatu Musawa Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Tunji Adegboyega Lekan Otufodunrin Oyinkan Medubi Politics Business e-Business Infotech Aviation Money Maritime Capital Market Building & Properties Motoring Jobs Insurance Industry Energy Agriculture Equities Labour Brand week Shopping Transportation Editorial Hardball Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Niger Delta Northern Report SouthEast Southwest Saturday Magazine Weekend Treat Crime Diary Family Matters Fashion Sunday magazine Glamour Young Nation Worship Education Campus Life Menu News Columnists Monday Sam Omatseye Soji Omotunde Emeka Omeihe Femi Macaulay Tuesday Olatunji Dare Olakunle Abimbola Sanya Oni Wednesday Mohammed Harunna Dele Agekameh Tony Marinho Thursday Gbenga Omotoso Lawal Ogienagbon Dapo Fafowora Jide Osuntokun Jide Oluwajuyitan Gbogun gboro Friday Segun Gbadegesin Olatunji Ololade Femi Abbas Louis Odion Steve Osuji Saturday Segun Ayobolu Ade Ojeikere Yomi Odunuga Dayo Sobowale Victor Akande Hannatu Musawa Sunday Tatalo Alamu Idowu Akinlotan Festus Eriye Biodun Jeyifo Ropo Sekoni Femi Orebe Tunji Adegboyega Lekan Otufodunrin Oyinkan Medubi Politics Business e-Business Infotech Aviation Money Maritime Capital Market Building & Properties Motoring Jobs Insurance Industry Energy Agriculture Equities Labour Brand week Shopping Transportation Editorial Hardball Cartoon Sports HEALTH Entertainment Celebrity Magazine Niger Delta Northern Report SouthEast Southwest Saturday Magazine Weekend Treat Crime Diary Family Matters Fashion Sunday magazine Glamour Young Nation Worship Education Campus Life Home Featured $550m Abacha loot: Fed Govt set to clear hurdles $550m Abacha loot: Fed Govt set to clear hurdles Posted By: Yusuf Allion: April 04, 2017In: Featured, News3 Comments Print Email Share 0 Tweet 0 Governor urged to withdraw suit To repatriate a $550million loot traced to ex-Head of State Gen. Sani Abacha, the Federal Government is to resolve two legal hurdles in the United States. The hurdles are: an application filed before a court by Kebbi State Governor Atiku Bagudu and his wife; and an action by a United States lawyer, Godson Nnaka, who is fighting to have part of the money. Besides, the government is seeking “political solutions” to the conditions set by the Swiss government for accessing the loot, The Nation learnt yesterday. The Swiss government would like to monitor what Nigeria does with the loot, a development which the Federal Government considers as an affront on the country’s sovereignty. Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice  Abubakar Malami (SAN) and  Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) Acting Chair Ibrahim Magu, who returned from the US on Sunday, were said to have made progress in “negotiating the last phase of the process for the release of the $550million”. Pending legal cases in the U.S. by the two Nigerians and the conditions attached to the use of the loot have caused the delay in repatriating the $550million loot. The U.S. insisted on the removal of the legal obstacles before it could invoke the procedure for the release of the funds to Nigeria. Following likely loss of the $550 million, President Muhammadu Buhari has chosen to resolve the stalemate through “political solutions”. A top source, who spoke in confidence, said: “The Federal Government is inching closer to the resolution of legal hurdles and the template for the release of the $550 million Abacha loot. We have spent close to 20 years pursuing the repatriation of these stolen funds; it is time to get over it. The source added: “The government is trying to prevail on the Governor of Kebbi State, Alh. Atiku Bagudu and a U.S.-based lawyer, Mr. Godson Nanka to withdraw their pending matters in some courts in the U.S.. “The government has decided to plead with Bagudu and his wife, Aisha to withdraw their  suit in the U.S., which is inhibiting the process of releasing the cash, which has been stashed in Switzerland.” In the suit number 13-CV-1832 (JDB), Bagudu and his wife urged the court to reverse its judgment,  which declared that the money  attributed to them was illicit fund laundered into the U.S. and therefore forfeited to the American government.” Relying on 18 USC 983 (a) (4) and Rule G (5) (a) of the Sup¬plemental Rules for Admiralty or Marine Claims and Assets Forfeiture Actions of the Fed¬eral Rules of Civil Procedure (Supplemental Rules), Bagudu said: “I have a claim to and interest in the property alleged to be subject to forfeiture in this action.” “If we continue with this suit without a political solution, the $550 million will still be held up in the U.S.. “The President has asked AGF Malami to discuss with the governor and his wife to withdraw the matter in the interest of the country. I think Bagudu has agreed to do so.” Also, a U.S.-based lawyer, Mr. Godson Nnaka, who was recruited in 2004 by the Federal Government to recover funds stolen by the late dictator, Gen. Sani Abacha, had instituted a case in a U.S. district court  against the Federal Government. He has asked the court to declare that he is entitled to 40  per cent of the recovered loot. He also pleaded with the court to make him  the funds’ exclusive attorney. “He alleged that he was excluded from  the fund recovery case after spending much time and money in tracing the looted funds. “So far, we have no choice than to negotiate with the counsel. This is another legal challenge which the U.S. is using to delay the repatriation,” the source said. A government source also made some clarifications on why the U.S. and Switzerland were involved in the loot recovery. The source said: “The looted funds originated from the US jurisdiction to Switzerland. Many U.S.-based  banks or financial institutions were involved in the wiring of the funds. They include  Chemical Bank, New York; Commerzbank AG, New York; Marine Midland Bank, New York (now HSBC USA, NA;  Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, New York (now JP Morgan Chase); ANZ Banking Group, New York; Bankers Trust Company, New York; Barclays Bank, New York; Citibank NA, New York;  and Chase Manhattan Bank, New York. “About $321million of the cash is said to be stashed in some banks in Switzerland. So, tracking the assets is an intertwined challenge between the U.S. and Switzerland.” Asked to be specific, the source said the government had signed a pact with Switzerland. “The pact, which is titled a “Letter of Intent on the restitution of illegally-acquired assets forfeited in Switzerland,” was signed by Nigeria’s Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), and the Swiss Head of Foreign Affairs Department, Didier Burkhalter. The document reveals that $321 million acquired illicitly by the Abacha family was initially deposited in Luxemburg before being confiscated by the Swiss Republic Judiciary and Canton of Geneva following a December 11, 2014 forfeiture order. “If the $321million loot is released, the total repatriation to Nigeria by the Swiss authorities will amount to $1.044billion in 12 years. “The Switzerland government has released $723million to the country in the last 11 years. “Well, as for the conditions set by Switzerland , the Federal Government regarded as an affront on its sovereignty. Some of the conditions include  the use of the funds for projects that will benefit all Nigerians and that World Bank should “ supervise the spending of returned assets by the Nigerian government”. The government submitted five project proposals to the Swiss government bordering on social benefit projects for the 2016 budget but the looted funds were not released. The Federal Government and Switzerland last month signed an agreement on the return of the $321million. A rights lawyer Femi Falana(SAN) had asked the  Federal Government  to reject the conditions attached to the repatriation of the stolen funds in a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari. He said allowing the World Bank “to supervise the spending of returned assets breaches international law principles and standards”.   Do you get a good or bad response from your wife after making love? Discover a great natural solution that changed my story and put an end to weak/premature ejaculation, CLICK HERE Attention Men: 3 Friuts you need to eat at once a day but you Neglect, but Will Help You Fight Against Premature Ejaculation, Weak Erection and Small Blokos. Take Action Here Wife confesses: I almost cheated on my Husband because of his small manhood and quick ejaculation until we found this permanent solution that added 3.5inches to his manhood size and now Last 25minutes during sex, no side effects. Click Here for details! My Husband used this Natural Solution to Last 25minutes in Bed and Increase His Manhood size, it has no side effects, NAFDAC approved and cures Premature Ejaculation Permanently. Click Here for Info! Ad Here: x Ad Here: x Piles? Hemorrhoids? Stop the Suffering With this Strange but Powerful Herb/a> Own A Property In Lekki with 1m deposit. Call 07001000000/a> Tags: Abacha lootFed Govt Share 0 Tweet 0 Bd If IMF did not supervise the money it will disappear into thin air or wasted on some rubbish programs where more than half of the will be stolen again let’s leave international laws out of this Sean Alex Abachas son is also claiming to own malibu oil field u can understand why the niger deltans are angry King Dayoyo (EFCC) Chaiiii News Updates $550m Abacha loot: Fed Govt set to clear hurdles 12:10 am EFCC ‘should arrest Adoke, Etete, others’ 12:09 am Govt warns against ISIS’ new recruitment strategy 12:08 am President, Saraki, Dogara meet over budget, rift 12:07 am ‘Customs responsible for 82% of ports charges’ 12:06 am Fayemi plotting my removal, says Fayose 12:06 am CBN pumps $240m into forex market 12:05 am Detained ex-Benue Governor Suswam battling for freedom 12:05 am Matters pharmaceutical 12:05 am Oando posts N3.5b profit 12:04 am Cisco: Budget, others stall cybercrimes fight 12:04 am Nigeria needs $1.1b to fight Meningitis as death toll rises to 328 12:04 am For competitive, efficient ports 12:04 am The changing face of Lagos roads 12:04 am Unizik begins business school 12:04 am Much ado about automation of revenue collection 12:04 am Who can Senate summon? 12:03 am Good thinking 12:03 am Ode to ideas and compassion 12:03 am Curious somersault 12:03 am SPONSORED POST MUST READ: 4 Major Sexual Weaknesses That Plague Most Nigerian Men Today 2 Simple and Safe Tricks to Lower Your Blood Pressure In Few Weeks At Home Own Your HOME With N55,000 Monthly I Got My Wife Enjoying Herself With Cucumber Time to kick out my landlord Live in affordable classy home on Lekki Columnist- Monday Senate and Sagay’s tirade A mother’s metaphysics On the make Ali versus uniform Uniform question Imo’s ‘autonomous’ communities Ambode’s cultural logic Obumselu: Exit of a literary giant These men died Should President Muhammadu Buhari replace Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu as demanded by the Senate ? YES NO I don't know View Results  Loading ... Twitter Timeline Tweets by @TheNationNews Copyright © 2015, All Rights Reserved Ad Here: 728x90
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Florida Nonprofit Sector Provides Payroll of $26 Billion Annually; 83,000 Nonprofits Statewide Generate $90 Billion in Annual Revenue JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Florida nonprofit sector workforce has grown 40 percent over the past decade, and nonprofits now employ more than 530,000 people, or 6 percent of the state’s workforce. Florida has also seen an 80 percent increase in the number of nonprofit organizations to 83,000 and a similar increase in payroll to $26 billion annually, according to a report and analysis released today by the Florida Nonprofit Alliance (FNA). „The growth and contributions we’ve seen from nonprofit organizations and leaders over the past decade are staggering,” said Sabeen Perwaiz, executive director of FNA, which advocates on behalf of nonprofits and seeks to create a more vibrant community for them. „The public and private sectors of the economy often draw considerable attention, but this reports demonstrates the strength of the nonprofit sector and its importance statewide. We’re continuing to work with nonprofits, business leaders and state legislators to create new opportunities.” The FNA’s first-ever nonprofit economic impact report is available online at FLNonprofits.org/page/EconomicImpact The report yielded significant findings including an increase in nonprofit workforce from 380,000 to 520,000 over the past decade and an increase in the number of nonprofits statewide from 46,587 to 83,449. The state’s nonprofit sector now generates nearly $90 billion in annual revenue (up from $48 billion annually a decade ago). Assets held by the nonprofit sector are up more than 2.5 times from $76.2 billion to $205.7 billion. During the past decade, the Southeast region of Florida surpassed the Tampa Bay region as the largest nonprofit provider. The FNA study was funded primarily by JP Morgan Chase and the data will be updated every two years. Additional sponsors include Florida Blue Foundation, Jessie Ball duPont Fund and The Community Foundation of Northeast Florida. „This study helps us address many of the challenges nonprofits face and have talk about including better education for political leaders and the community on the impact of nonprofits,” Perwaiz said. About Florida Nonprofit Alliance FNA is a statewide coalition of nonprofits focused on research, collaboration and advocacy. Our mission is to inform, promote and strengthen Florida’s nonprofit sector. We provide a collective voice at the state and national levels, educating elected officials and constituents, and serve as a central resource and referral center for and about nonprofits. Visit www.flnonprofits.org. Contact: Sabeen Perwaiz Florida Nonprofit Alliance (407) 694-5213 sperwaiz@flnonprofits.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/florida-nonprofit-sector-provides-payroll-of-26-billion-annually-83000-nonprofits-statewide-generate-90-billion-in-annual-revenue-300433757.html SOURCE Florida Nonprofit Alliance Related Links http://www.flnonprofits.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Surveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tupelo Press Announces Appointment of Associate Editor-in-Chief Next PostNext Camila Sodi habla en exclusiva para Vanity Fair México con Adela Micha Search Recent Posts Nasal Irrigator Market sales Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application by 2021 Virtual Private Network(VPN) Market Worth to cross USD 106 Billion at CAGR of 13% by 2022 Reinvigorating Productivity Growth Europe Non-GMO Soybeans Market Outlook to 2021: Top Companies in Market, Trends & Growth Factors and Details for Business Development Medical Nasal Aspirator Market sales Outlook and Opportunities in Grooming Regions; Edition 2017-2021 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (AWH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.36 Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Study Finds Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.36 Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores SA (AVAL) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Digital Ally, Inc. (DGLY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research First Merchants Co. (FRME) Stake Held by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Shares Sold by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.35 Negative Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Conatus Pharmaceuticals (CNAT) Share Price Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Getting Negative Press Coverage, Study Finds Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Sold by Bath Savings Trust Co Bath Savings Trust Co Increases Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Insider Buying: Petrus Resources Ltd (PRQ) Director Acquires 7,900 Shares of Stock Park National Corp OH Buys 10,671 Shares of Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Park National Corp OH Sells 8 Shares of E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Park National Corp OH Sells 20,846 Shares of Corning Incorporated (GLW) Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Bath Savings Trust Co Has $2,228,000 Position in SYSCO Co. (SYY) Bath Savings Trust Co Sells 300 Shares of Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Boosts Stake in Stryker Co. (SYK) Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (AWH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.36 April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) has been trending negative this week, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings earned a media sentiment score of -0.36 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news stories about Allied World Assurance Company Holdings an impact score of 100 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) traded up 0.15% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $53.18. 539,185 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings has a 52 week low of $33.20 and a 52 week high of $54.46. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $53.21 and a 200 day moving average price of $48.14. The stock has a market cap of $4.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.58. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.63 by $0.15. The company had revenue of $445.33 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $583.43 million. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 9.91%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.47 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Allied World Assurance Company Holdings will post $2.69 EPS for the current year. Several analysts recently issued reports on AWH shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JMP Securities lowered shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, MKM Partners lowered shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $45.00 to $54.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $44.40. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/allied-world-assurance-company-holdings-awh-receives-daily-media-impact-rating-of-0-36.html. About Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG is a holding company. The Company provides property, casualty and specialty insurance and reinsurance solutions to clients around the world. The Company operates in three segments: North American Insurance, Global Markets Insurance and Reinsurance. The North American Insurance segment consists of the Company’s direct insurance operations in the United States, Bermuda and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Florida Nonprofit Sector Provides Payroll of $26 Billion Annually; 83,000 Nonprofits Statewide Generate $90 Billion in Annual Revenue JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Florida nonprofit sector workforce has grown 40 percent over the past decade, and nonprofits now employ more than 530,000 people, or 6 percent of the state's workforce. Florida has also seen an 80 percent increase in the number of nonprofit organizations to 83,000 and a similar increase in payroll to $26 billion annually, according to a report and analysis released today by the Florida Nonprofit Alliance (FNA). "The growth and contributions we've seen from nonprofit organizations and leaders over the past decade are staggering," said Sabeen Perwaiz, executive director of FNA, which advocates on behalf of nonprofits and seeks to create a more vibrant community for them. "The public and private sectors of the economy often draw considerable attention, but this reports demonstrates the strength of the nonprofit sector and its importance statewide. We're continuing to work with nonprofits, business leaders and state legislators to create new opportunities." The FNA's first-ever nonprofit economic impact report is available online at FLNonprofits.org/page/EconomicImpact The report yielded significant findings including an increase in nonprofit workforce from 380,000 to 520,000 over the past decade and an increase in the number of nonprofits statewide from 46,587 to 83,449. The state's nonprofit sector now generates nearly $90 billion in annual revenue (up from $48 billion annually a decade ago). Assets held by the nonprofit sector are up more than 2.5 times from $76.2 billion to $205.7 billion. During the past decade, the Southeast region of Florida surpassed the Tampa Bay region as the largest nonprofit provider. The FNA study was funded primarily by JP Morgan Chase and the data will be updated every two years. Additional sponsors include Florida Blue Foundation, Jessie Ball duPont Fund and The Community Foundation of Northeast Florida. "This study helps us address many of the challenges nonprofits face and have talk about including better education for political leaders and the community on the impact of nonprofits," Perwaiz said. About Florida Nonprofit Alliance FNA is a statewide coalition of nonprofits focused on research, collaboration and advocacy. Our mission is to inform, promote and strengthen Florida's nonprofit sector. We provide a collective voice at the state and national levels, educating elected officials and constituents, and serve as a central resource and referral center for and about nonprofits. Visit www.flnonprofits.org. Contact: Sabeen Perwaiz Florida Nonprofit Alliance (407) 694-5213 sperwaiz@flnonprofits.org SOURCE Florida Nonprofit Alliance CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Publishing/Information Services, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia Pacific Shiitake Mushroom Industry Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext Breakfast Bars Market Overview, Industry Top Manufactures, Market Size, Growth Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News HNW Asset Allocation Trends 2017 NEW YORK, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — HNW Asset Allocation Trends 2017 Summary HNW investment preferences are the result of interplay between a multitude of factors, such as macroeconomic and political conditions, risk-preferences, demographic factors, and investor attitudes. Over the next 12 months we expect further portfolio reallocation to benefit risk assets, as HNW investors globally are looking for cheap buying opportunities amid turbulent market conditions. However, there continue to be significant regional differences. The typical HNW portfolio in Asia Pacific and the Middle East is significantly more conservative than elsewhere globally, with above-average allocations to property and cash and near-cash products. Critical success factors – Manage client expectations: Drawn in by cheap buying opportunities, investors are forecast to channel more wealth into equities. However, investors in many parts of the world are already significantly exposed to this asset class, and global volatility is unlikely to subside anytime soon. Wealth managers need to ensure that clients understand the risks involved. Depending on investors’ risk preferences, a defensive strategy may still be advisable. – Broaden your investment proposition: Sophisticated investment products will always find their way into the typical HNW portfolio, but exchange-traded products (ETPs) are rapidly growing in popularity. Wealth managers targeting HNW investors need to offer these products in addition to more complex private banking products. – Adapt to local market conditions: One strategy does not fit all, and wealth managers with a global reach have to align their service propositions to highly diverse regional investment preferences. As macroeconomic conditions continue to diverge in different regions of the world, localized strategies will become even more important. The report „HNW Asset Allocation Trends 2017” provides analysis of HNW asset allocation strategies in 17 key markets, including Australia, the UK, and the US. In particular, this report provides the following – – Examines the drivers that determine HNW investment preferences. – Interprets macroeconomic, demographic, and attitudinal trends, such as risk preferences that are shaping HNW investment behavior. – To understand investment trends, and adjust your service proposition based on a detailed understanding of HNW investors’ investment preferences. Companies mentioned in this report: ANZ, Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan, and UBS, Eiffel Management, Dubai Islamic Bank, Mashreq Bank, Scotiabank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia. Scope – The most striking trend in 2016 was the surge of risk assets, as investors are more willing to take on risk in the current low-yield environment. – HNW equity holdings will experience the biggest increase in demand as HNW investors continue to look for capital appreciation opportunities, hoping to take advantage of cheap buying opportunities. – The typical HNW real estate portfolio is increasingly skewed towards non-direct property investments; offering real estate investment trusts (REITs) is a must in the HNW space. – We forecast increased demand for commodities, which are regarded as a wider markets hedge. This will drive demand for gold in particular. However, betting on a sustained commodity price rebound will lead to further diversification. – Alternatives are becoming an increasingly attractive diversifier, as investors are losing faith in bonds and are looking for returns elsewhere. Asset diversification is the single most important driver for alternatives. Reasons to buy – Understand how to best promote investment products by learning what is driving investment choices. – Understand investment trends, and adjust your service proposition based on a detailed understanding of HNW investors’ investment preferences. – Give your marketing strategies the edge required and capture new clients using insights from our data on HNW investment drivers. – Learn how and why investment preferences will change over the next 12 months. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04806053/HNW-Asset-Allocation-Trends-GlobalData.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hnw-asset-allocation-trends-2017-300433676.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cari Boyce to lead Duke Energy Foundation Next PostNext Global Base-Mounted in-Line Fuel Injection Pumps Market 2017 Industry Growth with CAGR in Forecast-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Life Science and Analytical Instruments Market to Reach $44.75 Billion by 2021 Global Catheters, Needles, and Cannulas Market is Expected to Reach $53.6 Billion by 2021 Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions Camden Property Trust Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Dates DCT Industrial Trust® Invites You to Join Its First Quarter 2017 Conference Call on May 5, 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft to host the first Autism @ Work virtual career fair for candidates with autism -1 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Apr 3, 2017 at 18:57 GMT12 hours ago Two years back, Microsoft first announced their plans to hire people with autism for full-time, Redmond-based positions. Microsoft now has a non-traditional interview process that allows these candidates with autism to demonstrate their abilities in a comfortable and supportive environment. Microsoft today highlighted that they have seen great success hiring software engineers, data scientists and other roles across the company, working on products and services like Azure, Cortana, HoloLens, Office, Windows, Xbox and others. Microsoft today announced that they are sponsoring the second annual Autism @ Work Summit this month. This event will bring together a diverse group of companies across industries to promote hiring individuals with autism. Microsoft is also planning to host the first Autism @ Work virtual career fair for candidates with autism. Companies including, AT&T, EY, Ford, HPE Dandelion, JP Morgan Chase, Microsoft, NCR and SAP will have virtual job booths staffed by online recruiters. Candidates can meet with recruiters at companies to ask their questions, discuss open positions and accept applications. As part of the career fair, LinkedIn employees will host sessions in a “virtual theater” on how to build a great profile to get hired. Interested people can register for this event here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related Autism Autism @ Work Autism Hiring Program microsoft virtual career fair World Autism Day Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft patents an e-paper Surface Touch Cover by Surur 0 Trending [Updated: And more!] First glimpses of Windows 10’s Project NEON shows up on Groove Music by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 41: The Creators Update gets a release date for PC & mobile, comes out on Xbox by Andrew Bennett on March 31, 2017 The Creators Update is finished, and Microsoft has confirmed its various release dates. It’s also rolled out to the Xbox One, so be sure to check for an update if you own one. Other to... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft brings a touch of Project NEON to Windows 10’s Movies & TV app by Mehedi Hassan on April 4, 2017 Microsoft’s Groove Music app got some elements of Project NEON in Windows 10 last week. Project NEON, for those unfamiliar, is a new UI upgrade for Windows 10 that will introduce a lot... Windows 10 Creators Update gets two new cumulative updates ahead of official rol... by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft is releasing two new cumulative updates for the Windows 10 Creators Update today. The company is releasing build 15063.13 for Windows Insiders in the Slow and Release Preview rings... Microsoft announces release of UWP Community Toolkit 1.4 by Pradeep Microsoft today announced the fourth release of UWP Community Toolkit. Microsoft released UWP Community Toolkit 1.3 back in February with lots of controls. But this v1.4 release is focused o... Android overtakes Windows to become the world’s most used operating system by Michael Allison Microsoft’s Windows 10 may have been the most dominant desktop OS used, but modern users are moving on to doing their computing on mobile devices like Apple’s iOS powered iPhone ... Top 5 games coming to Xbox One this week by Asher Madan Every week a handful of games release on Xbox One and many elude owners of the console due to their timid marketing. Xbox Wire makes sure you know about them. A lot of these titles are abs... Deals Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $32.52 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $32 from Amazon US, $27 off of it’s retail price of $59.99. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best... Deal: Pick up ‘Gears of War 4’ Standard Edition for $29.99 Online retailer Amazon is now selling ‘Gears of War 4: Standard Edition’ for Xbox One for only $29.99, discounted from its normal price of $59.99. The title is an Xbox Play Anyw... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for $999 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the mid-range Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 8GB RA... Deal: Forza Horizon 3 for Xbox One/Windows 10 now available for just $39.99 You can now get the Forza Horizon 3 game for Xbox One/Windows 10 for just $39.99. Xbox Play Anywhere applies to digital games and allows you to play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Buy the Walking Dead: Season 7, get free game episodes For a limited tinme, when you buy Season 7 of the Walking Dead TV series from the Microsoft Store, you can nab ‘The Walking Dead:A New Frontier’ game Episodes 1 and 2 for Windows... Deal: Save up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the U... Microsoft Store is now offering up to £345 on select Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 devices in the UK. You can get £345 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel C... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $699 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Destruction Derby title ‘FlatOut 4’ now available for download on Xb... Bigben Interactive has finally released the follow up to the Xbox 360’s ‘FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage’, and the first of many destruction racers to arrive on the console. ‘F... Deal: ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for only $34.99 You can now get the ‘Final Fantasy XV’ game for Xbox One for just $34.99 from Amazon US. As the Crown Prince Noctis and his three best friends set out on a journey to wed his fia... Surface Book comes to the Microsoft Store Denmark Danish Microsoft fans now have a chance to purchase Microsoft’s second coolest and most useful PC, the Surface Book, directly from the Microsoft Store. Microsoft Denmark announced on F... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology |Featured: Montreal snowstorm Corruption in Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Montreal's 375th Quebec mosque shooting | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Boris and Gigot cartoons Local News Sources live in fear of being exposed, Chamberland Commission told Local News Police looking into $25,000 received by Coderre Local News Peter Trent: It's time to go Local News Bombardier CEO says company did 'bad job' communicating pay increases 5 / 5 SNC-Lavalin steps up deal push with $2.6B Atkins bid Bloomberg News More from Bloomberg News Published on: April 3, 2017 | Last Updated: April 3, 2017 2:53 PM EDT The headquarters of SNC-Lavalin in Montreal. Paul Chiasson / THE CANADIAN PRESS Share Adjust Comment Print SNC-Lavalin Group Inc. is holding talks to buy WS Atkins Plc of the U.K. for 2.08 billion pounds (US$2.6 billion) as Canada’s biggest engineering and construction company looks to expand its global reach with a record acquisition. The Montreal-based builder made a tentative offer of 2,080 pence a share, “a level that the board would be prepared to recommend,” Atkins said in a statement after a surge in its stock price. SNC confirmed the approach in a separate filing. A deal would bolster SNC’s global sales as the company emerges from a self-imposed moratorium on acquisitions, which it adopted in 2015 as Chief Executive Officer Neil Bruce focused on bringing greater consistency to financial results. Adding Atkins would strengthen the company’s foothold in Europe and bolster projects outside the energy industry at a time when the price of oil remains stuck around $50 a barrel. The purchase “would significantly diversify SNC’s service portfolio away from oil and gas, a positive in our view,” Benoit Poirier, an analyst at Desjardins Capital Markets, said in a note to clients. Atkins surged 27 per cent to 1,950 pence at the close in London after gaining as much as 30 per cent, the biggest jump in 14 years. Trading in SNC was halted before the open in Toronto. The shares fell 9.7 per cent this year through March 31, compared with a 1.7 per cent gain in the S&P/TSX Composite Index. Deal funding If the deal proceeds, Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, Canada’s second-biggest pension fund manager, will contribute as much as $1.9 billion, SNC said. The amount includes $400 million in equity and a $1.5 billion non-recourse loan secured by the value and cash flows of SNC’s stake in Ontario’s Highway 407. The Caisse is already SNC’s biggest shareholder. The remainder of the financing would be raised through a mix of debt, equity and “other financing means,” SNC said. SNC intends to maintain its investment-grade rating following the transaction, adding that the total equity portion of the financing — including any equity from the Caisse — will probably represent less than one-third of the deal value. Chief Financial Officer Sylvain Girard said in January that the company was looking for acquisitions of as much as $4 billion. SNC’s biggest acquisition to date was its 2014 purchase of oil and gas services provider Kentz Corp. for about $2 billion. The first quarter of this year was the busiest for U.K. mergers by volume since the same period in 2012. British companies were involved in deals totalling more than US$93 billion, which included several U.K. businesses buying assets outside the country. That’s up from US$37.1 billion in the same period last year. The pound fell 13 per cent against the U.S. dollar in the 12 months ended March 31, making British targets cheaper for foreign suitors. ‘Other terms’ There’s no guarantee a firm offer will be made, SNC and Atkins said. Royal Bank of Canada is advising SNC while Atkins is getting advice from Moelis & Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. “The board of Atkins has indicated to SNC-Lavalin that the possible offer would deliver value to Atkins shareholders at a level that the board would be prepared to recommend,” Atkins said in the statement. Any deal would be “subject to reaching agreement on the other terms and conditions of the offer,” it said. Atkins provides engineering, design and project management services for big construction projects, notably in transportation infrastructure. SNC’s projects include highways, power plants, train lines and the Champlain Bridge from Montreal to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. Oil and gas accounted for about 44 per cent of SNC’s sales last year. Europe generated for only 5.3 per cent while Atkins got almost half its revenue there. By Phil Serafino and Frederic Tomesco   Airlines make more money selling reward miles than seats Bombardier CEO says company did 'bad job' communicating pay increases Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Stocks Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Autorité des Marchés Financiers Sponsored by Auto insurance at a glance Why investors should avoid binary options How to recognize fraud and prevent it How to detect and avoid pyramid schemes How seniors can avoid falling victim to financial fraud Planning for retirement News Releases Business Wire SES Shapes the Inflight Connectivity Market Customer Experience – The Uncomfortable Truth Babilou Welcomes TA Associates as New Strategic Global Growth Partner EnvisionTEC and 3Shape Offer Turnkey System to 3D Scan and Print In-Ear Devices More News Releases News Releases CNW Group Pershing Gold Consolidates New District Through Land Transaction StarPower ON Systems Inc. acquisition of manufacturing and distribution rights Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation - EVENING LOTTERY WINNING NUMBERS Grand River Transit contract ratified, ensuring safer buses on the streets More News Releases News Releases Marketwire Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc: Caledonia declares quarterly dividend of 1.375 cents per share Angle PLC Announces Holding(s) in Company Diet Doc's Dr. Rao Discusses the Popular "Egg Diet" and Recommends Better Weight Loss Solutions Avnet Launches 'Reach Further' Active Investor <p>This content was created by Postmedia Works in association with iShares by BlackRock for commercial purposes. Postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content.</p> x Sponsored byiShares by BlackRock The road ahead: Lean and mean environment awaits Canadian investors in 2017 What’s behind the spike in U.S. Treasury yields EU blues: Disruptive 2017 could see a rough ride for European economies The impact of rising yields on Canada The Owner's Manual <p>This story was created by Postmedia Works in association with FundThrough for commercial purposes. Postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content.</p> x Sponsored byFundThrough Chocolate-loving entrepreneur says solving cash flow stress was key to company’s growth All-natural toys entrepreneur solves cash flow, expands world-wide 7 cash flow resolutions for entrepreneurs in 2017 The entrepreneur’s gut check Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share SNC-Lavalin steps up deal push with $2.6B Atkins bid Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
CCMP Capital to Acquire Truck Hero CCMP Partnering with Truck Hero Management to Support Company’s Next Phase of Growth April 03, 2017 01:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK & ANN ARBOR, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) and Truck Hero (“the company”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which affiliates of CCMP will acquire a controlling interest in Truck Hero, a leading provider of highly functional aftermarket accessories for pickup trucks and Jeeps. TA Associates (“TA”), the current holder of a majority interest in Truck Hero, and Truck Hero’s founding Chief Executive Officer Bill Reminder and Chief Operating Officer Kelly Kneifl, will remain significant investors in the company as part of the transaction. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Founded in 2007, Truck Hero is the market leader in providing a wide range of functional accessories that enhance customers’ use of their pickup trucks and jeeps. Through its superior engineering, successful new product introductions and the acquisition of strategically and financially attractive add-on brands and products, the company has rapidly grown and today is the market leader across all channels of distribution in the vast majority of its business segments. “We are thrilled to partner with Bill, Kelly and TA to acquire Truck Hero, which has become a fast-growing market leader through relentless innovation, brand-building and customer service,” said Rich Zannino, a Managing Director at CCMP. “We look forward to working with Bill and his highly talented team to build on the company’s outstanding record of growth.” “Over the last decade, our team has done a tremendous job earning customers’ trust through great products and service. Together we’ve built the market’s largest and most respected player,” said Mr. Reminder. “With their deep experience and long track record of successfully partnering with companies like ours, we are confident CCMP is the ideal partner to help us achieve even greater heights.” “Since investing in Truck Hero in 2014, TA Associates has been privileged to partner with Bill Reminder and his team, and we are proud of the growth and accomplishments of the business over this period,” said Michael Berk, a Managing Director at TA. “We look forward to continuing our partnership with management and working alongside CCMP as Truck Hero continues to execute on its organic growth and add-on acquisition strategies.” The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Ropes & Gray LLP advised CCMP on the transaction. Jefferies LLC is providing the financing and Jefferies LLC and JP Morgan Securities LLC are serving as advisors to Truck Hero and Goodwin Procter LLP is acting as legal counsel. About Truck Hero Truck Hero is the largest aftermarket supplier and online retailer of functional accessories in the fast growing aftermarket truck and jeep accessories market. Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, Truck Hero was created through the merger of leading truck cover brands Extang and TruXedo in 2007. Through its extensive product innovation and strategic acquisitions of other strong accessory brands, the company quickly became the industry leader. The Truck Hero team’s focus is to provide products that enhance the functionality and aesthetics of pickup trucks and enable customers to customize and personalize their pickup trucks and jeeps with innovative products born from high-quality materials, superior engineering and cutting-edge manufacturing. About CCMP Capital CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) specializes in middle market buyouts and growth equity investments of $100 million to $500 million in North America and Europe. CCMP focuses on generating alpha through the operational transformation and growth of its portfolio companies. With offices in New York, Houston and London, CCMP invests in three primary industries: Consumer/Retail, Industrial/Chemicals, and Healthcare. Selected investments under management include: Badger Sportswear, The Hillman Group, Jamieson Laboratories, Jetro Cash & Carry, Milacron, PQ Corporation, Pure Gym, and Shoes For Crews. Contacts Media Inquiries Sard Verbinnen & Co. Andrew Cole/Brooke Gordon/Hayley Cook 212-687-8080 ccmp-svc@sardverb.com Contacts Media Inquiries Sard Verbinnen & Co. Andrew Cole/Brooke Gordon/Hayley Cook 212-687-8080 ccmp-svc@sardverb.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Join us: Working together to help people with autism enter the workforce Microsoft Autism @ Work virtual career fair website. As we celebrate National Autism Awareness Month throughout April and World Autism Awareness  Day on April 2, it is a good time to rethink how we can empower every person to achieve more. The vast majority of people with autism are either unemployed or underemployed, leaving a large pool of untapped talent. If we work together, we can help make a difference. Along with EY, HPE and SAP, we are thrilled to sponsor the second annual Autism @ Work Summit this month in Palo Alto, California, which has become the leading forum for sharing best practices for developing inclusive hiring initiatives. The event will bring together a diverse group of companies across industries, spanning accounting, automotive, finance and technology, to promote hiring individuals with autism. The growing enthusiasm to create opportunities in this space speaks to the significance and value that every individual can bring to the workplace. Since we announced our own Autism Hiring Program two years ago, we have evolved our approach to reach out to this untapped pool of people on the autism spectrum who are looking for opportunities to highlight their incredible talent. Our non-traditional interview process allows candidates to demonstrate their abilities in a comfortable and supportive environment and interview for full-time positions at Microsoft. Each qualified candidate attends a weeklong hiring academy with a variety of Microsoft teams and hiring managers. They are looking to find talent and promote an inclusive and diverse culture within their teams. We have seen great success hiring software engineers, data scientists and other roles across the company, working on products and services like Azure, Cortana, HoloLens, Microsoft IT, Office, Windows, Windows Store and Xbox. We continue to look for ways to help more candidates break through traditional barriers to gain employment. This year, Microsoft will host the first Autism @ Work virtual career fair for candidates with autism. Candidates will have a unique online experience to meet with recruiters at companies that are looking for talent. Several organizations will have virtual job booths staffed by online recruiters, including, AT&T, EY, Ford, HPE Dandelion, JP Morgan Chase, Microsoft, NCR and SAP. They will answer questions, discuss open positions and accept applications. Each of these industry leaders have a hiring program to support candidates with autism and help them bring their best selves to an interview. As part of the virtual career fair, employees from LinkedIn will host two sessions in a “virtual theater” on how to build a profile that will help get candidates noticed and utilize their platform to find open positions that lead to careers. This is a free event and we encourage anyone to register and learn more at https://aka.ms/autism.at.work. At Microsoft, we see disability as a strength. While we are early in our journey, we are dedicated to growing our program as we listen and learn from the broader community. We are committed to helping other employers start similar programs and learn about the benefits and opportunities to reach these talented individuals. Comes join us at the virtual career fair and if you want to learn more, visit www.Microsoft.com/InclusiveHiring. About the Author Neil Barnett Director of Inclusive Hiring and Accessibility, Microsoft CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IDTechEx Recruits Event VP Expanding Presence in North America Next PostNext Industrial Wireline Networking Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
CCMP Capital to Acquire Truck Hero CCMP Partnering with Truck Hero Management to Support Company’s Next Phase of Growth April 03, 2017 01:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK & ANN ARBOR, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) and Truck Hero (“the company”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which affiliates of CCMP will acquire a controlling interest in Truck Hero, a leading provider of highly functional aftermarket accessories for pickup trucks and Jeeps. TA Associates (“TA”), the current holder of a majority interest in Truck Hero, and Truck Hero’s founding Chief Executive Officer Bill Reminder and Chief Operating Officer Kelly Kneifl, will remain significant investors in the company as part of the transaction. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Founded in 2007, Truck Hero is the market leader in providing a wide range of functional accessories that enhance customers’ use of their pickup trucks and jeeps. Through its superior engineering, successful new product introductions and the acquisition of strategically and financially attractive add-on brands and products, the company has rapidly grown and today is the market leader across all channels of distribution in the vast majority of its business segments. “We are thrilled to partner with Bill, Kelly and TA to acquire Truck Hero, which has become a fast-growing market leader through relentless innovation, brand-building and customer service,” said Rich Zannino, a Managing Director at CCMP. “We look forward to working with Bill and his highly talented team to build on the company’s outstanding record of growth.” “Over the last decade, our team has done a tremendous job earning customers’ trust through great products and service. Together we’ve built the market’s largest and most respected player,” said Mr. Reminder. “With their deep experience and long track record of successfully partnering with companies like ours, we are confident CCMP is the ideal partner to help us achieve even greater heights.” “Since investing in Truck Hero in 2014, TA Associates has been privileged to partner with Bill Reminder and his team, and we are proud of the growth and accomplishments of the business over this period,” said Michael Berk, a Managing Director at TA. “We look forward to continuing our partnership with management and working alongside CCMP as Truck Hero continues to execute on its organic growth and add-on acquisition strategies.” The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Ropes & Gray LLP advised CCMP on the transaction. Jefferies LLC is providing the financing and Jefferies LLC and JP Morgan Securities LLC are serving as advisors to Truck Hero and Goodwin Procter LLP is acting as legal counsel. About Truck Hero Truck Hero is the largest aftermarket supplier and online retailer of functional accessories in the fast growing aftermarket truck and jeep accessories market. Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, Truck Hero was created through the merger of leading truck cover brands Extang and TruXedo in 2007. Through its extensive product innovation and strategic acquisitions of other strong accessory brands, the company quickly became the industry leader. The Truck Hero team’s focus is to provide products that enhance the functionality and aesthetics of pickup trucks and enable customers to customize and personalize their pickup trucks and jeeps with innovative products born from high-quality materials, superior engineering and cutting-edge manufacturing. About CCMP Capital CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) specializes in middle market buyouts and growth equity investments of $100 million to $500 million in North America and Europe. CCMP focuses on generating alpha through the operational transformation and growth of its portfolio companies. With offices in New York, Houston and London, CCMP invests in three primary industries: Consumer/Retail, Industrial/Chemicals, and Healthcare. Selected investments under management include: Badger Sportswear, The Hillman Group, Jamieson Laboratories, Jetro Cash & Carry, Milacron, PQ Corporation, Pure Gym, and Shoes For Crews. Contacts Media Inquiries Sard Verbinnen & Co. Andrew Cole/Brooke Gordon/Hayley Cook 212-687-8080 ccmp-svc@sardverb.com Contacts Media Inquiries Sard Verbinnen & Co. Andrew Cole/Brooke Gordon/Hayley Cook 212-687-8080 ccmp-svc@sardverb.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release CCMP Capital to Acquire Truck Hero By Published: Apr 3, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Share CCMP Partnering with Truck Hero Management to Support Company’s Next Phase of Growth NEW YORK & ANN ARBOR, Mich., Apr 03, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) and Truck Hero (“the company”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which affiliates of CCMP will acquire a controlling interest in Truck Hero, a leading provider of highly functional aftermarket accessories for pickup trucks and Jeeps. TA Associates (“TA”), the current holder of a majority interest in Truck Hero, and Truck Hero’s founding Chief Executive Officer Bill Reminder and Chief Operating Officer Kelly Kneifl, will remain significant investors in the company as part of the transaction. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Founded in 2007, Truck Hero is the market leader in providing a wide range of functional accessories that enhance customers’ use of their pickup trucks and jeeps. Through its superior engineering, successful new product introductions and the acquisition of strategically and financially attractive add-on brands and products, the company has rapidly grown and today is the market leader across all channels of distribution in the vast majority of its business segments. “We are thrilled to partner with Bill, Kelly and TA to acquire Truck Hero, which has become a fast-growing market leader through relentless innovation, brand-building and customer service,” said Rich Zannino, a Managing Director at CCMP. “We look forward to working with Bill and his highly talented team to build on the company’s outstanding record of growth.” “Over the last decade, our team has done a tremendous job earning customers’ trust through great products and service. Together we’ve built the market’s largest and most respected player,” said Mr. Reminder. “With their deep experience and long track record of successfully partnering with companies like ours, we are confident CCMP is the ideal partner to help us achieve even greater heights.” “Since investing in Truck Hero in 2014, TA Associates has been privileged to partner with Bill Reminder and his team, and we are proud of the growth and accomplishments of the business over this period,” said Michael Berk, a Managing Director at TA. “We look forward to continuing our partnership with management and working alongside CCMP as Truck Hero continues to execute on its organic growth and add-on acquisition strategies.” The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Ropes & Gray LLP advised CCMP on the transaction. Jefferies LLC is providing the financing and Jefferies LLC and JP Morgan Securities LLC are serving as advisors to Truck Hero and Goodwin Procter LLP is acting as legal counsel. About Truck Hero Truck Hero is the largest aftermarket supplier and online retailer of functional accessories in the fast growing aftermarket truck and jeep accessories market. Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, Truck Hero was created through the merger of leading truck cover brands Extang and TruXedo in 2007. Through its extensive product innovation and strategic acquisitions of other strong accessory brands, the company quickly became the industry leader. The Truck Hero team’s focus is to provide products that enhance the functionality and aesthetics of pickup trucks and enable customers to customize and personalize their pickup trucks and jeeps with innovative products born from high-quality materials, superior engineering and cutting-edge manufacturing. About CCMP Capital CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) specializes in middle market buyouts and growth equity investments of $100 million to $500 million in North America and Europe. CCMP focuses on generating alpha through the operational transformation and growth of its portfolio companies. With offices in New York, Houston and London, CCMP invests in three primary industries: Consumer/Retail, Industrial/Chemicals, and Healthcare. Selected investments under management include: Badger Sportswear, The Hillman Group, Jamieson Laboratories, Jetro Cash & Carry, Milacron, PQ Corporation, Pure Gym, and Shoes For Crews. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170403006187/en/ SOURCE: CCMP Capital Advisors, LP Media Inquiries Sard Verbinnen & Co. Andrew Cole/Brooke Gordon/Hayley Cook 212-687-8080 ccmp-svc@sardverb.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News CCMP Capital to Acquire Truck Hero NEW YORK & ANN ARBOR, Mich.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) and Truck Hero (“the company”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which affiliates of CCMP will acquire a controlling interest in Truck Hero, a leading provider of highly functional aftermarket accessories for pickup trucks and Jeeps. TA Associates (“TA”), the current holder of a majority interest in Truck Hero, and Truck Hero’s founding Chief Executive Officer Bill Reminder and Chief Operating Officer Kelly Kneifl, will remain significant investors in the company as part of the transaction. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Founded in 2007, Truck Hero is the market leader in providing a wide range of functional accessories that enhance customers’ use of their pickup trucks and jeeps. Through its superior engineering, successful new product introductions and the acquisition of strategically and financially attractive add-on brands and products, the company has rapidly grown and today is the market leader across all channels of distribution in the vast majority of its business segments. “We are thrilled to partner with Bill, Kelly and TA to acquire Truck Hero, which has become a fast-growing market leader through relentless innovation, brand-building and customer service,” said Rich Zannino, a Managing Director at CCMP. “We look forward to working with Bill and his highly talented team to build on the company’s outstanding record of growth.” “Over the last decade, our team has done a tremendous job earning customers’ trust through great products and service. Together we’ve built the market’s largest and most respected player,” said Mr. Reminder. “With their deep experience and long track record of successfully partnering with companies like ours, we are confident CCMP is the ideal partner to help us achieve even greater heights.” “Since investing in Truck Hero in 2014, TA Associates has been privileged to partner with Bill Reminder and his team, and we are proud of the growth and accomplishments of the business over this period,” said Michael Berk, a Managing Director at TA. “We look forward to continuing our partnership with management and working alongside CCMP as Truck Hero continues to execute on its organic growth and add-on acquisition strategies.” The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Ropes & Gray LLP advised CCMP on the transaction. Jefferies LLC is providing the financing and Jefferies LLC and JP Morgan Securities LLC are serving as advisors to Truck Hero and Goodwin Procter LLP is acting as legal counsel. About Truck Hero Truck Hero is the largest aftermarket supplier and online retailer of functional accessories in the fast growing aftermarket truck and jeep accessories market. Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, Truck Hero was created through the merger of leading truck cover brands Extang and TruXedo in 2007. Through its extensive product innovation and strategic acquisitions of other strong accessory brands, the company quickly became the industry leader. The Truck Hero team’s focus is to provide products that enhance the functionality and aesthetics of pickup trucks and enable customers to customize and personalize their pickup trucks and jeeps with innovative products born from high-quality materials, superior engineering and cutting-edge manufacturing. About CCMP Capital CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) specializes in middle market buyouts and growth equity investments of $100 million to $500 million in North America and Europe. CCMP focuses on generating alpha through the operational transformation and growth of its portfolio companies. With offices in New York, Houston and London, CCMP invests in three primary industries: Consumer/Retail, Industrial/Chemicals, and Healthcare. Selected investments under management include: Badger Sportswear, The Hillman Group, Jamieson Laboratories, Jetro Cash & Carry, Milacron, PQ Corporation, Pure Gym, and Shoes For Crews. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CO-OP Financial Services Announces Acquisition of TMG and Organizational Restructure Next PostNext Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch Carrefour S.A. Market Research Portal Search Recent Posts Enrolments Open at Eclipse Early Education Group’s New Centre at Cranbourne East International Tax Planning and Asset Protection for High Net Worth Investors Labor Market Institutions and the Cost of Recessions Allergen Alert: Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. Issues Allergen Alert on Undeclared Peanuts in Wegmans Original Killer Brownies with Pecans, Sold Individually or Pre-packaged by the pound in Bakery in New York State Stores Only IBS Investment Bank Acquires Interest in The Progressive Orthopaedic Company, LLC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Creating IT Futures Opens Free IT Training & Career Program for Adults in Portland, Ore. DOWNERS GROVE, Ill., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Adults in the Portland, Ore., area can now apply to Creating IT Futures‚ free IT-Ready career program. IT-Ready trains, certifies and places unemployed and under-employed adults in their first jobs in the information technology (IT) field, which has a shortage of qualified workers. For the first time, the Portland Urban League and WorkSource Portland Metro will host an eight-week IT-Ready class at CENTRL Office on NW Everett in Portland starting May 1. Applications will be accepted through April 20 at www.ITReady.com. „Our accelerated program is no cost to eligible adults and earns them a foothold in an upwardly mobile IT career,” said Charles Eaton, CEO, Creating IT Futures. „Since we established IT-Ready in 2012, 85 percent of our students have earned their CompTIA A+ certification and more than 80 percent have landed paid IT jobs.” What Do IT-Ready Students Learn? In the IT-Ready program, students get hands-on labs taking apart and building desktop computers and other hardware; learn about motherboards, printers, peripheral devices, memory and physical storage, connections and mobile devices; set up computer networks and troubleshoot networks, displays, printers, and operating systems; configure operating systems and hardware; and secure networks, systems and data. „I’ve worked with hundreds of individuals trying to get back on their feet after a long-term job loss. For many of them, the best path into tech is the help desk,” said Wendy Lebow, ReBoot career coach, WorkSource Portland-Metro. „The IT Ready program fills a real gap. It’s exciting because it prepares folks to earn an A+ credential, along with the skills and knowledge to navigate up the career ladder.” IT-Ready students also receive targeted professional development in key business „soft” skills such as professional communication and presentation, teamwork and collaboration, and critical thinking and problem solving. IT-Ready graduates are grounded in these key skills and prepared to apply them on day one of their new jobs. After completing their training, the students sit for the CompTIA A+ certification exam which covers desktop and help-desk technical support duties and skills. „Accelerated tech training programs like IT Ready support non-traditional candidates entry into the tech industry, which leads to a more diverse candidate pool for employers,” said Andrea Gall, Urban Tech Jobs team leader, Urban League of Portland. „IT Ready will prepare our graduates to start a career in tech and the living-wage jobs that come with it.” The class in Portland starts May 1 and runs through June 23, and is held from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. every weekday. IT-Ready students receive free tuition, books and learning materials, more than 240 hours of classroom and hands-on tech and soft skills training, and certification vouchers toward the CompTIA A+ exam.  To demonstrate their commitment to the training and pursuing an IT career, IT-Ready students are allowed only one absence and two late days during the program. Beyond recruiting for participants for IT-Ready training, Creating IT Futures is looking for Portland businesses to consider the resumes of CompTIA A+ certified IT-Ready graduates and interview qualified candidates for entry-level IT positions. Dozens of participating IT-Ready employers in other cities include such recognized names as HealthPartners, JPMorgan Chase, TEKsystems, Time Warner Cable and US Bank. These companies have received the benefits of skilled workers and simultaneously helped their communities. Interested employers should contact Tom Pinger at tpinger@comptia.org. The first training cohort of IT Ready in Portland is made possible through a grant from the U.S. Department of Labor to serve unemployed or underemployed adults. Interested adults should complete the IT Ready application while at the same time going through the screening process for ReBoot NW or Urban Tech Jobs Program. Potential employers, mentors, students and community partners can learn more at www.ITReady.com. About Creating IT Futures Founded in 1998 by CompTIA, Creating IT Futures is a 501(c)(3) charity with the mission of helping populations under-represented in the information technology industry and individuals who are lacking in opportunity to prepare for, secure, and be successful in IT careers. Learn more at www.creatingITfutures.org.  Media Contact: Lisa Fasold                                           Creating IT Futures                 630-678-8558                                      lfasold@comptia.org      To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/creating-it-futures-opens-free-it-training–career-program-for-adults-in-portland-ore-300433433.html SOURCE Creating IT Futures Foundation Related Links http://www.creatingitfutures.org/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious American Beacon Launches American Beacon TwentyFour Strategic Income Fund Next PostNext DEADLINE TOMORROW: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts Releases New Report on the Global Profenofos Market Samenvatting: Panasonic richt Amerikaanse divisie Panasonic Media Entertainment Company op Ford Ranks as Leading Company Developing Automated Driving Systems in Navigant Research Assessment B/E Aerospace to Launch Aspire™ Wide Body Main Cabin Seating with United Airlines; Airline Also Selects Meridian™ Single Aisle Main Cabin Seating For 737 MAX 9 Aircraft Young Performer Promotes Anti Bullying Program in Honor of Brendan Carr Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Extreme Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Extreme Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DA Davidson Increases Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Price Target to $10.00 Carrizo Oil & Gas (CRZO) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.35 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for General Electric Company (GE) ATCO Ltd. (ACO.X) Stock Rating Lowered by BMO Capital Markets B&G Foods (BGS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds NantHealth Inc (NH) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Incyte Co. (INCY) Given Outperform Rating at BMO Capital Markets Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.46 Voxeljet AG (VJET) Receives Market Perform Rating from Cowen and Company Calithera Biosciences Inc (CALA) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Leerink Swann Blue Hills Bancorp (BHBK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $172,704,000 Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Macy's Inc (M) Shares Sold by RMB Capital Management LLC RMB Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) RMB Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.69 USA Financial Portformulas Corp Acquires New Stake in Logitech International SA (LOGI) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in KeyCorp (KEY) DA Davidson Increases Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Price Target to $10.00 April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Extreme Networks, Inc (NASDAQ:EXTR) had its price target raised by equities research analysts at DA Davidson from $7.50 to $10.00 in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. DA Davidson’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 33.16% from the company’s current price. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $6.25 price objective (up from $4.75) on shares of Extreme Networks in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Extreme Networks from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $6.50 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Extreme Networks from a “d” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. Extreme Networks presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $7.50. Extreme Networks (NASDAQ:EXTR) opened at 7.51 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $6.26 and its 200-day moving average is $5.06. Extreme Networks has a 52 week low of $3.02 and a 52 week high of $8.11. The firm’s market capitalization is $812.36 million. Extreme Networks (NASDAQ:EXTR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.12 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.05. The company earned $148.10 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $152.30 million. Extreme Networks had a negative net margin of 5.27% and a positive return on equity of 22.92%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.09 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Extreme Networks will post $0.40 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/da-davidson-increases-extreme-networks-inc-extr-price-target-to-10-00.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY increased its position in Extreme Networks by 1.3% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 7,080,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,793,000 after buying an additional 92,200 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Extreme Networks by 0.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,372,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,144,000 after buying an additional 13,107 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Extreme Networks by 12.1% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,030,440 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,213,000 after buying an additional 219,564 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Extreme Networks by 9.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,906,614 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,592,000 after buying an additional 158,280 shares in the last quarter. Finally, RK Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Extreme Networks during the fourth quarter valued at $6,857,000. Institutional investors own 79.23% of the company’s stock. Extreme Networks Company Profile Extreme Networks, Inc is a provider of network infrastructure equipment. The Company markets its products to business, governmental, healthcare, service provider and educational customers with a focus on corporate enterprises and metropolitan service providers on a global basis. The Company operates through the development and marketing of network infrastructure equipment segment. Receive News & Ratings for Extreme Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Extreme Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL MSFT Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Panera (PNRA) rockets higher on reports it's exploring a sale >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Has a Labor Department Problem The entire brokerage industry is about to get shaken up, and that could have a not-small impact on BAC stock By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Apr 3, 2017, 9:23 am EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Owners, Put This on Your Radar The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Recent Posts: Why General Motors Company (GM), Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) and United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Has a Labor Department Problem View All Posts The brokerage arm of Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) — Merrill Lynch — has been a respectable profit center for the big bank ever since it was acquired back in 2009. However, BAC stock owners who were looking for the unit’s revenue contribution to kick into high gear on the heels of Trump’s pro-business agenda may want to temper those expectations. Some newly proposed rules from the Department of Labor could put the kibosh on that potential growth. That’s not a misprint. The suggested rule changes originally set to go into effect next week have been postponed until June. They could be altered or postponed again in the meantime. But regulators as well as consumers have tipped their hand. The change is coming, in one form or another, and the Bank of America brokerage division is going to adapt. Indeed, it already has. The impact still isn’t perfectly clear, but it’s clearly not going to bolster the bank’s brokerage business. New Fiduciary Rules The short version of the story is, rather than merely determining that a specific stock or mutual fund trade in an IRA is a suitable one for a particular client, a stock broker/investment adviser must now act in a client’s best interest … in all ways, at all times, for a specific client. This new standard also takes into account how that adviser is compensated. A mutual fund or an annuity purchased within a retirement account may be a sound investment for an individual. But the fact these products result in higher payout for the broker may mean those products aren’t necessarily in that person’s best interest. In simpler terms, a broker or commission-based adviser will be a true fiduciary if the DoL’s proposed rules are put into place. The suggested rules don’t necessarily preclude certain types of trades or products from an IRA account, but brokerage firms haven’t left anything to chance. Any actions that might even be accused of violating the fiduciary standard are already being banned. Case(s) in point: JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) will stop charging commissions for IRA account trades suggested by a broker. Instead, JPMorgan’s clients with an IRA will have a choice of paying a flat annual fee to that adviser, or manage their own account without getting advice from a broker. Merrill Lynch is doing something similar, as are others. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS), on the other hand, isn’t following that lead. Instead, Morgan Stanley is keeping its commission-based IRA model, certain it will be able to meet the new fiduciary standard and sidestep any conflict of interest concerns. Impact on Bank of America If you’re wondering, yes — this is a reason for BAC stock longs to be concerned. In jeopardy is a wide swath of revenue that its Merrill Lynch arm had been producing. The potential impact on the bank’s bottom line stems from the added cost of compliance with new rules, and lost commissions; fee-based generally aren’t as profitable. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-has-a-labor-department-problem/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Will Panera Sell Out to SBUX or MCD? Tesla Stock Hits New Highs, Threatens Massive Breakout 3 Semiconductors Still Worth Buying Now 3 Entertainment Stocks to Buy as Summer Approaches 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April 3 Entertainment Stocks to Buy as Summer Approaches 3 Biotech Trades for the Faux Doomsday Scenario 3 Soaring Semiconductor Stocks Still Worth Buying Most Popular The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition. Get it now for only €50 per year Back MaltaToday DealToday Jobs Pharmacies Restaurants My Account Logout Login to Digital Edition Register for SMS Alerts Sign-up with Facebook or enter your details manually below... First Name: Last Name: Email: Password: Hometown: Birthday: Create my account Sorry, we couldn't find that email. Existing users Email Send me a new password Password Login Sorry, we couldn't find those details. Enter Email Submit Sorry, we couldn't find that email. 4th April 2017 Get SMS Alerts Digital Edition Archives Search National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA Budget 2017 Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Football Rugby Motor Sports Boxing Tennis Cricket Food Gourmet Today Health & Fitness Today Health Environment Travel Art Books Entertainment Music Theatre & Dance Film Cultural Diary Valletta 2018 Blogs Editorial Letters Cartoons Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Arts Comment Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Business News Pama makes €36 million in sales in first year of operation National Police search for man who allegedly tried to perform abortion on ... World Colombia declares emergency as Mocoa landslide leaves at least 25... Europe Brexit committee warns of impact of no deal being reached World Death toll in Russian metro 'terror attack' rises to 11 as police... Blogs Not so equal(ity) Film Film review | The Salesman: The world makes victims of us all Blogs Knock-knock-knocking on Europe’s door... Blogs So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen Business News Record low capital spend in 2016 did influence Labour government ... World Two suspects hunted following St Petersburg metro explosion National Public lands bill an exercise in 'political hypocrisy and legal h... National Company awarded €880,000 direct order for prisons' IT network Europe European Commission 'corrects' Labour MEP over EU fisheries polic... National [WATCH] St Julian’s scores highest crime rate, five times natio... Nature Eight protected birds gunned down in first week of spring hunting... Home Business Business News Bank of Valletta sells MIDI plc shareholding to businessman Mark Weingard BOV transfers entire 8.92% shareholding in MIDI plc to British entrepreneur behind Aziamendi 100 and Dinner In The Sky Matthew Vella 3 April 2017, 3:46pm Print Version Mark Weingard Bank of Valletta has announced it has sold its 8.92% shareholding in MIDI plc, the developers of Tigne Point and Manoel Island, to British entrepreneur Mark Andrew Weingard. The 19 million shares in MIDI were sold by means of an off-exchange transaction, allowing BOV to dispose of all its shareholding in the company. British entrepreneur Mark Weingard is a millionaire philanthropist whose life has famously had two near-misses – in New York’s 9/11 and Thailand’s 2004 tsunami. The successful derivatives trader lost his fiancée in the 9/11 attack on New York, and awoke in the middle of the tsunami of Thailand as waves rushed toward the bedroom of his beach house in Phuket. After years travelling the world, the millionaire philanthropist adopted Malta as his home, bringing over a three-Michelin-star chef for a 100-day gastronomic experience and laying out plans for a high-end luxury hotel on Barbara Bastions. Weingard was also listed as the beneficiary of Carragh Portfolio, a BVI company, in the Panama Papers leak of 2016. He worked for Chemical Bank [now JPMorgan Chase] and Tokai Bank [now Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ] as an interest-rate swap trader in London and Singapore. He is a shareholder of Malta-registered companies Elab Holding Ltd, Iniala Holding and Iniala Santa Barbara Ltd, Iniala Management and Iniala Art & Design Ltd, Iniala Developments Asia, The Valletta Project Ltd, Ena Company Ltd, Vast Holdings Ltd, Benny Holdings and Benny Limited, Daa Daa Daa Holding and Ale Properties Ltd, Dinner In The Sky Limited, and Mid Knight Holdings. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Matthew Vella is executive editor at MaltaToday. More from Matthew Vella Matthew on Twitter Matthew on Google+ Business News Pama makes €36 million in sales in first year of... National Police search for man who allegedly tried to perfo... World Colombia declares emergency as Mocoa landslide lea... Europe Brexit committee warns of impact of no deal being ... World Death toll in Russian metro 'terror attack' rises ... Blogs Not so equal(ity) Film Film review | The Salesman: The world makes victim... Blogs Knock-knock-knocking on Europe’s door... Blogs So long, farewell, auf Wiedersehen Business News Record low capital spend in 2016 did influence Lab... World Two suspects hunted following St Petersburg metro ... National Public lands bill an exercise in 'political hypocr... National Company awarded €880,000 direct order for prison... Europe European Commission 'corrects' Labour MEP over EU ... National [WATCH] St Julian’s scores highest crime rate, f... DealToday Trending Articles 1 Business News Record low capital spend in 2016 did influence Labour government surplus 2 National Company awarded €880,000 direct order for prisons' IT network 3 National Public lands bill an exercise in 'political hypocrisy and legal heresy', MP claims 4 World Two suspects hunted following St Petersburg metro explosion 5 Court & Police [WATCH] Man, 21, murdered in stabbing during Hamrun fight Latest Business News Pama makes €36 million in sales in first year of operation Business News 09:00 Sales at the Naxxar supermarket have consistently increased since the shopping village opened in November 2015. Record low capital spend in 2016 did influence Labour government surplus Business News 07:30 Labour says massive EU fund absorption rate galvanised record €581 million capital spend in 2015, before dropping by 46% in surplus yea... Bank of Valletta sells MIDI plc shareholding to businessman Mark Weingard Business News 15:46 BOV transfers entire 8.92% shareholding in MIDI plc to British entrepreneur behind Aziamendi 100 and Dinner In The Sky Chamber vice-president Tonio Casapinta passes away Business News 01-04 Active entrepreneur, honorary consul, and promoter of Maltese trade relations abroad, Tonio Casapinta, has passed away Hints of acceptance of debt, sufficient to interrupt prescription Law Report 31-03 The Court of Appeal has held that an email message saying that the debtor will process a payment is sufficient to interrupt prescription Digital Edition Archives Deals About Us Privacy Policy   Terms and conditions   Advertising rates   maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt   +356 21382741 MediaToday is an independent media house based in Malta. Copyright © MediaToday Co. Ltd, Vjal ir-Rihan, San Gwann SGN 9016, Malta, Europe Reproduction of material from this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called $1.1 billion Malabu deal: EFCC wants former Attorney General, Adoke, arrested  and is located at  http://nigeriantimes.ng/news/1-1-billion-malabu-deal-efcc-wants-former-attorney-general-adoke-arrested/. Captcha Submit Nigerian Times 15 Must read articles April 4, 2017 Amnesty Intn’l, NLC, And The Lagoon Syndrome Horrific moment, young bullfighter is gored through the throat in his debut tournament Court unfreezes Ozekhome’s account 2018 COMMONWEALTH GAMES: Adequate preparation will ensure god for Nigerian athletes-Ambode Bilateral Trade: Ambode seeks partnership with Israel on Agric, Technology Akpabio: Wike has executed more projects than Buhari’s govt I have no power to reverse Ndume’s suspension – Saraki 2019 presidential nomination form now N10m…17 fresh provisions of amended electoral act Kogi academic community commends Buhari on Ocheni’s ministerial nomination $1.1 billion Malabu deal: EFCC wants former Attorney General, Adoke, arrested Buhari in closed-door meeting with Saraki, Dogara Jennifer Hudson Cries As Nigerian Mentee Wins The Voice UK BBNaija: ’11 million Nigerians’ voted for four housemates in one week Wrestling: Undertaker retires DStv, GOtv subscribers to pay more from May 1 DW Focus HOME News Top Stories Africa World Metro Crime Opinion Video Court unfreezes Ozekhome’s account - 14 hours ago Akpabio: Wike has executed more projects than Buhari’s govt - 15 hours ago I have no power to reverse Ndume’s suspension – Saraki - 15 hours ago 2019 presidential nomination form now N10m…17 fresh provisions of amended electoral act - 16 hours ago $1.1 billion Malabu deal: EFCC wants former Attorney General, Adoke, arrested - 17 hours agoView all Finally, Mugabe announces retirement - November 22, 2016 Crisis erupts in Gabon after Bongo narrowly wins re-election - August 31, 2016 We will abide by ICJ’s decision on Nigeria/Cameroon border demarcation – Buhari - August 1, 2016 Suicide attack kills five Libyan fighters - June 16, 2016 Sub-Saharan African universities brainstorm on creating skilled work force - June 14, 2016View all Horrific moment, young bullfighter is gored through the throat in his debut tournament - 13 hours ago Bilateral Trade: Ambode seeks partnership with Israel on Agric, Technology - 14 hours ago FG summons Indian high commissioner over attack on Nigerians - March 30, 2017 Theresa May triggers Article 50 to activate Brexit - March 29, 2017 Attacks on Nigerian students shock India - March 28, 2017View all UNDP provides solar-powered energy for 5 communities in FCT - July 30, 2015 No compensation for demolished buildings in Kubwa – FCTA - June 18, 2015 FCTA set to sanction Abuja landlords over un-occupied completed houses - May 22, 2015 FCT set to privatise refuse dump sites - May 18, 2015 Abuja to rank among best 20 cities by 2020, says Akinjide - May 5, 2015View all $1.1 billion Malabu deal: EFCC wants former Attorney General, Adoke, arrested - 17 hours ago Treat Fulani killers like Boko Haram insurgents, pastor tells Buhari - 21 hours ago Nigerian Bar Association probes Appeal Court judge-nominee indicted for fraud in UK - 2 days ago Army dismisses married soldier who stabbed girlfriend to death - March 31, 2017 NYSC to prosecute institutions, persons mobilising unqualified graduates - March 30, 2017View all Amnesty Intn’l, NLC, And The Lagoon Syndrome - 12 hours ago Nigeria’s Integrity and the Buhari Covenant - March 29, 2017 HUMAN RIGHTS AND THE CONTRADICTIONS OF A SAINT - March 28, 2017 Nigerian Army And The Audacity Of Victory - March 27, 2017 Amnesty Intn’l : Quit When This Ovation Is Loudest - March 26, 2017View all The Coming of a new Terrorist Group in Nigeria - November 26, 2016 Saraki’s CCT Trial: Chairman Danladi Umar Shouting at Saraki’s Lawyer (Video) - April 21, 2016 Pacquiao apologies over anti-gay statement - February 16, 2016 #BAYELSADECIDES|APC thugs and militants snatch ballot boxes in Southern Ijaw (Video) - January 9, 2016 AlQaeda videos shows top gun sending Mutallab on mission in 2009 - December 9, 2015View all Business Energy Oil & Gas Power Commerce Finance Stock Market Aviation Ecomony Nigeria Achieves 26 Per Cent Reduction in gas flaring; to end practice by 2020 - 2 days ago NNPC cautions consumers against adulterated products - March 30, 2017 Shell: No plan to relocate from Niger Delta - March 30, 2017 Dogara: Shell’s planned relocation from Niger Delta may spark violence - March 30, 2017 NNPC to transform into Integrated Energy Company - March 29, 2017View all Reps pass bill prescribing 10-year jail term/N10m for violators of consumer rights - March 9, 2017 Second hand clothes worth N20m burnt - October 25, 2016 Job cuts not due to recession: Dangote - October 25, 2016 2017 Budget threatened as Senate lays MTEF aside over incompleteness - October 24, 2016 Adeosun lied! Video shows Nigeria’s Finance Minister dismissed recession as ‘a word’ - September 3, 2016View all MMM to freeze all bonuses from 2016 - February 23, 2017 FG reverses forex restrictions for schools fees, medical tourism, business travels, others - February 20, 2017 Addis Asset Recovery Expert Meeting: Matters Arising - February 20, 2017 BREAKING: $15 million: Court adjourns Patience Jonathan’s suit - February 13, 2017 Fayose threatens to sue FG over Eurobond, likens APC to biblical prodigal son - February 11, 2017View all SEC signs MoU with NERDC on introduction of Capital Market Studies - November 20, 2016 High Court throws out BGL’s suits against SEC for “Incompetence” - October 31, 2016 SEC announces exit of Oteh as Director-General - January 12, 2015 Investors lose N1.18tr at NSE in November - December 4, 2014 Bibo-Oluwa Academy emerges overall winner of SEC Quiz Competition - November 26, 2014View all FG formally announces closure of Abuja Airport - March 6, 2017 Passengers panic as Medview Airline plane develops fault midair - February 28, 2017 After reorganising NCAA, FG appoints three new directors at FAAN - February 25, 2017 Why Nigerian airlines are failing – Operators - February 13, 2017 AMCON says Arik Air owing ‘more than N300bn’ - February 10, 2017View all CBN vows to continue forex intervention - 2 days ago Senate asks customs CG, Hameed Ali to resign - March 22, 2017 I was not appointed to wear uniform, customs CG replies senate - March 12, 2017 Oil prices falling again — sink to 3-month low - March 10, 2017 FG releases much-awaited economic recovery plan - March 7, 2017View all Politics Technology Education Arts & Life Sports Entertainment $1.1 billion Malabu deal: EFCC wants former Attorney General, Adoke, arrested Crime News Politics Top Stories17 hours ago Want create site? Find Free WordPress Themes and plugins. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has approached the Abuja Division of the Federal High Court, with a request to compel former justice minister, Mohammed Adoke, to attend his ongoing trial for alleged fraud. Mr. Adoke and a former minister of petroleum, Dan Etete, and other defendants are currently facing trial for alleged diversion of $1.1 billion, during a controversial transfer of a rich Nigerian oil block, OPL 245 to Malabu, a company linked to Mr. Etete. The counsel representing the EFCC, Johnson Ojogbane, made the application during Monday’s hearing before justice John Tsoho. The judge however said he could not grant the request because other parties to the matter were not in court, and had not been served with the notice of summons for Mr. Ojogbane’s motion. Subsequently, the EFCC’s lawyer requested a long adjournment to allow his client sufficient time to serve the necessary notice of summons to all the defendants. The case was adjourned till June 13. The $1.1 billion 2011 deal After several political and judicial intrigues that ensured OPL 245 changed hands several times between Malabu, Shell, and the Nigerian government, the block oil was again given back to Malabu in 2010 on the prompting of Mr. Adoke. Persons close to former President Goodluck Jonathan told PREMIUM TIMES the former president took the decision because of his closeness to Mr. Etete who had helped him during his tenure as petroleum minister and because of the perception among persons from the oil producing Niger Delta that OPL 245 was one of the few oil blocks awarded to someone from the region. By 2010, Mr. Etete had schemed out other owners of Malabu including by fraudulently altering Corporate Affairs Corporation, CAC, documents, investigations revealed. The CAC recently said its official in charge of the Malabu documents was “brutally murdered”. Despite Mr. Jonathan’s directive that Malabu be given OPL 245, the company really did not exist and had no staff or technical competence to manage the block. Based on advice from desperate businessmen including an Israeli, Ednan Agaev, Mr. Etete decided to cash in on the block. Through various middlemen, the former minister approached oil giants, Shell and ENI, to buy the block. Knowing Mr. Etete’s history including the fact that he had been convicted in France for money laundering, the oil firms would not do a direct deal. For the transaction to continue, a legally recognised mediator would have to be found. That mediator turned out to be the Nigerian government, represented by Mr. Adoke. The agreements that were sealed led to Shell and ENI paying the $1.1 billion into a Nigerian government account in JP Morgan Chase in London. The money was to then be transferred to Malabu accounts controlled by Mr. Etete. Although Shell and ENI have repeatedly claimed they did not know the money was going to end up with Malabu, investigations in Nigeria and Italy as well as leaked documents revealed that claim to be false. Mr. Adoke himself would later admit that he, on behalf of the federal government, only acted as a mediator for two willing parties – Malabu and the oil majors. Mr. Adoke was, however, aware of the various fraudulent manipulations of Malabu by Mr. Etete when he authorised the transaction, multiple sources have told PREMIUM TIMES. THE TRANSFERS TO FRAUDULENT FIRMS Immediately Mr. Etete received the money, curious transfers began. PREMIUM TIMES investigations, now confirmed by the EFCC, reveal that shady companies linked to Abubakar Aliyu received about $479 million dollars from Mr. Etete. Our investigations later showed that most of the companies were non-existent and used fake addresses in their registration documents. The companies – Rocky Top Resource Ltd, Imperial Union Ltd, Novel Properties & Dev. Co. Ltd, A-Group Construction Ltd, and Megatech Engineering Ltd – were all charged in the suit filed by the EFCC. While Mr. Etete later admitted that only $250 million of the money paid into his account was his, Mr. Aliyu is believed to have acted as a front for officials of the Goodluck Jonathan administration including Mr. Adoke. SOURCE: Premium Times Did you find apk for android? You can find new Free Android Games and apps. Sharing Twitter0 Facebook0 Google +0 Linkedin0 Email this article Print this article Authors Editor, Nigerian Times Cancel reply Your Name Your Email Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Yes, add me to your mailing list. Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: c96b1cecfe78cebb61a1371b1f12b7f6 HOT STORIES 14 hours ago 2018 COMMONWEALTH GAMES: Adequate preparation will ensure god for Nigerian athletes-Ambode 19 hours ago BBNaija: ’11 million Nigerians’ voted for four housemates in one week TECHNOLOGY March 12, 2017 Topup Africa introduces FCT residents to phone based business January 13, 2017 Your WhatsApp may not be as safe as you think ENTERTAINMENT 13 hours ago Horrific moment, young bullfighter is gored through the throat in his debut tournament 17 hours ago Jennifer Hudson Cries As Nigerian Mentee Wins The Voice UK Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * Opinion 12 hours ago Amnesty Intn’l, NLC, And The Lagoon Syndrome FEATURES 21 hours ago Nigeria’s debt burden under Buhari to hit N19.3tn by December Download FMBN NHF Refunds Here sponsored CONNECT WITH US ON BBM Nigerian Times Crime $1.1 billion Malabu deal: EFCC wants former Attorney General, Adoke, arrested Site index Home About Contact Us Privacy Copyright © 2013.All Rights Reserved | nigeriantimes.ng . Nigerian Times Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Cimarex Launches Tender Offer for Any and All of its 5.875% Senior Notes Due 2022 DENVER, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC) ("Cimarex") today announced that it has commenced a cash tender offer to purchase any and all of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022 (the "2022 Notes"). As of April 3, 2017, Cimarex had $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes outstanding. The tender offer is being made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase and a related Letter of Transmittal, each dated as of April 3, 2017, and a Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. The tender offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 7, 2017, unless extended (the "Expiration Time"). Tendered notes may be withdrawn at any time before the Expiration Time unless extended. Holders of notes that are validly tendered and accepted at or prior to the Expiration Time, or who deliver to the depositary and information agent a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and subsequently deliver such notes, each in accordance with the instructions described in the Offer to Purchase, will receive total cash consideration of $1,031.67 per $1,000 principal amount of notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but not including, the settlement date, which is expected to occur on April 10, 2017. The tender offer is contingent upon, among other things, Cimarex's successful completion of a proposed debt financing transaction. The tender offer is not conditioned on any minimum amount of notes being tendered. Cimarex may amend, extend or terminate the tender offer in its sole discretion, subject to applicable law. Cimarex currently intends to redeem any and all notes that are not validly tendered and purchased by Cimarex in the tender offer and that remain outstanding. The tender offer is being made pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase, related Letter of Transmittal and Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, copies of which may be obtained from D.F. King & Co., Inc., the information agent for the offer, by telephone at (800) 791-3320 (toll-free) or, for banks and brokers, at (212) 269-5550 or the following web address: www.dfking.com/xec. Persons with questions regarding the tender offer should contact the following dealer managers:  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, by telephone at (866) 834-4666 (U.S. toll-free) or (212) 834-3424 (call collect); or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, by telephone at (866) 309-6316 (U.S. toll-free) or (704) 410-4760 (call collect). This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities or any other securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. This announcement is not a solicitation of tenders with respect to the 2022 Notes and shall not constitute a notice of redemption under the indenture governing the 2022 Notes. About Cimarex Energy Denver-based Cimarex Energy Co. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company with principal operations in the Mid-Continent and Permian Basin areas of the U.S. This communication contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including the consummation of the proposed transactions described above. These risks and uncertainties are more fully described in SEC reports filed by Cimarex. While Cimarex makes these forward-looking statements in good faith, management cannot guarantee that anticipated future results will be achieved. Specifically, Cimarex cannot assure you that the proposed transactions (including the proposed debt financing transaction) described above will be consummated on the terms Cimarex currently contemplates, if at all. Cimarex assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information contained herein except as required by law.  Actual results may differ materially from Cimarex projections and can be affected by a variety of factors outside Cimarex's control, including the risks and uncertainties described in Cimarex's SEC reports. Cimarex is not responsible for any changes made to this release by wire or Internet services. SOURCE Cimarex Energy Co. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGas, Offerings, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diosana Group Properties Receives Agent Awards Next PostNext Global Vehicle GPS Tracking Device Market Growth Analysis and 2021 Forecast Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Carbonite Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carbonite Inc (CARB) CFO Sells $119,012.58 in Stock Insider Selling: AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $101,664.00 in Stock Norges Bank Invests $29,062,000 in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Position Lowered by AQR Capital Management LLC Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Purchases 490 Shares of Linear Technology Co. (LLTC) Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Has $2,559,000 Position in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Quadrature Capital Ltd Has $1,846,000 Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Cut by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans CVS Health Corp (CVS) Receives $95.22 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Guggenheim Capital LLC Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Upgraded to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Stewart Information Services Corp (STC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $743,000 Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Morgan Stanley Initiates Coverage on Qualys Inc (QLYS) Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Rating Increased to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Position Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,195,000 Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $765,000 Position in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Brokerages Set Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Price Target at $4.56 Carbonite Inc (CARB) CFO Sells $119,012.58 in Stock April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Carbonite Inc (NASDAQ:CARB) CFO Anthony Folger sold 6,141 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.38, for a total value of $119,012.58. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Anthony Folger also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, February 27th, Anthony Folger sold 512 shares of Carbonite stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.50, for a total value of $9,984.00. On Thursday, February 2nd, Anthony Folger sold 2,859 shares of Carbonite stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.98, for a total value of $54,263.82. Carbonite Inc (NASDAQ:CARB) opened at 20.30 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $19.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.37. Carbonite Inc has a 12 month low of $7.30 and a 12 month high of $21.50. The company’s market capitalization is $571.51 million. Carbonite (NASDAQ:CARB) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.12 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.01. Carbonite had a negative return on equity of 444.34% and a negative net margin of 1.98%. The company earned $53.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $50.97 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.13 earnings per share. Carbonite’s revenue was up 52.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Carbonite Inc will post $0.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/carbonite-inc-carb-cfo-sells-119012-58-in-stock.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on CARB shares. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $22.50 price objective on shares of Carbonite in a report on Monday, February 6th. Lake Street Capital upped their target price on Carbonite from $21.00 to $23.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Craig Hallum initiated coverage on Carbonite in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $30.00 target price on the stock. TheStreet lowered Carbonite from a “c” rating to a “d” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Carbonite from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Carbonite has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $23.90. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Allianz Asset Management AG increased its position in Carbonite by 95.2% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 154,634 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,536,000 after buying an additional 75,419 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Carbonite by 74.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 190,959 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,933,000 after buying an additional 81,740 shares during the period. Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its position in Carbonite by 334.4% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 79,620 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,306,000 after buying an additional 61,292 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Carbonite by 5,892.4% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 831,085 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,765,000 after buying an additional 817,216 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in Carbonite during the fourth quarter valued at $6,046,000. 83.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Carbonite Company Profile Carbonite, Inc (Carbonite) is a provider of cloud and business continuity solutions. The Company’s solutions are designed to address the specific needs of small and medium sized businesses and individuals. It offers various solutions, such as Carbonite Personal, Carbonite Pro, Carbonite Server Backup and MailStore. Receive News & Ratings for Carbonite Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cooper Tire & Rubber Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Norges Bank Invests $29,062,000 in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Position Lowered by AQR Capital Management LLC Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Purchases 490 Shares of Linear Technology Co. (LLTC) Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Has $2,559,000 Position in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Quadrature Capital Ltd Has $1,846,000 Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Position Cut by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans CVS Health Corp (CVS) Receives $95.22 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Guggenheim Capital LLC Increases Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Upgraded to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Stewart Information Services Corp (STC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $743,000 Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Morgan Stanley Initiates Coverage on Qualys Inc (QLYS) Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Rating Increased to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Position Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,195,000 Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $765,000 Position in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Brokerages Set Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Price Target at $4.56 SAP SE (SAP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Connect Group PLC (CNCT) Receives GBX 178 Average Price Target from Brokerages Norges Bank Invests $29,062,000 in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank acquired a new position in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 748,051 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $29,062,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. New York State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 4,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $190,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Horrell Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 0.5% in the third quarter. Horrell Capital Management Inc. now owns 26,990 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,026,000 after buying an additional 128 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 9.0% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,912 shares of the company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 323 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 45,660 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,736,000 after buying an additional 326 shares during the last quarter. Finally, CIBC World Markets Inc. boosted its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 1.1% in the third quarter. CIBC World Markets Inc. now owns 33,480 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,273,000 after buying an additional 361 shares during the last quarter. 90.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) opened at 44.35 on Monday. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has a 1-year low of $29.29 and a 1-year high of $44.50. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.34 billion and a PE ratio of 9.83. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $40.24 and a 200 day moving average of $37.85. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.34. The company earned $783.89 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $767.36 million. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co had a net margin of 8.17% and a return on equity of 23.13%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.04 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Cooper Tire & Rubber Co will post $3.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were paid a $0.105 dividend. This represents a $0.42 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 28th. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co’s dividend payout ratio is currently 9.86%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/norges-bank-invests-29062000-in-cooper-tire-rubber-co-ctb.html. Several research firms have commented on CTB. FBR & Co lifted their target price on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from $48.00 to $53.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $47.00 to $51.00 in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $40.30. In other news, VP Stephen Zamansky sold 14,041 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.37, for a total value of $566,835.17. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Company Profile Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is a manufacturer and marketer of replacement tires. The Company specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sales of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle, and racing tires. The Company operates through four segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CTB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB). Receive News & Ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Criteo SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Criteo SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) to Sell Janney Montgomery Scott Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Depomed Inc (DEPO) Credit Agricole Sa (CRARY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Criteo SA (CRTO) to Neutral Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Target Price at $36.00 Navios Maritime Midstream Partners LP (NAP) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) PT at $453.60 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Tristate Capital Holdings Inc (TSC) to Hold Deirdre Stanley Sells 9,393 Shares of Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Stock AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $362,600.00 in Stock Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Gratus Capital LLC Has $1,664,000 Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Convergys Corp (CVG) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Buys 512 Shares of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Cowen and Company Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Criteo SA (CRTO) to Neutral April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Criteo SA (NASDAQ:CRTO) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Wednesday morning. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has $51.00 price objective on the stock, up from their previous price objective of $49.00. Several other analysts have also weighed in on CRTO. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated a neutral rating and set a $42.00 target price (up from $37.00) on shares of Criteo SA in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating on shares of Criteo SA in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Cowen and Company reiterated an outperform rating on shares of Criteo SA in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on shares of Criteo SA from $41.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a buy rating and set a $56.00 target price on shares of Criteo SA in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $51.62. Criteo SA (NASDAQ:CRTO) opened at 49.99 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $3.08 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 39.99 and a beta of 2.79. The company’s 50 day moving average is $47.83 and its 200-day moving average is $41.64. Criteo SA has a 1-year low of $32.83 and a 1-year high of $52.87. Criteo SA (NASDAQ:CRTO) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.84 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.16. Criteo SA had a net margin of 4.96% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The business had revenue of $225 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $210.34 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.66 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 33.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Criteo SA will post $2.54 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Criteo SA (CRTO) to Neutral” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/goldman-sachs-group-inc-lowers-criteo-sa-crto-to-neutral.html. In other Criteo SA news, Director James Warner sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $48.70, for a total value of $48,700.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Jean-Baptiste Rudelle sold 84,873 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.68, for a total transaction of $4,216,490.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 2,786,793 shares in the company, valued at $138,447,876.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 278,000 shares of company stock worth $13,642,289. Company insiders own 8.70% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Criteo SA by 5,728.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 319,143 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,205,000 after buying an additional 313,667 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Criteo SA by 26.0% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 1,122,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,385,000 after buying an additional 231,955 shares during the period. LA Financiere DE L Echiquier raised its position in Criteo SA by 9.5% in the third quarter. LA Financiere DE L Echiquier now owns 912,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,024,000 after buying an additional 79,300 shares during the period. Nordea Investment Management AB raised its position in Criteo SA by 142.7% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 187,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,569,000 after buying an additional 110,020 shares during the period. Finally, New York State Common Retirement Fund raised its position in Criteo SA by 46.6% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 59,556 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,091,000 after buying an additional 18,935 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.24% of the company’s stock. About Criteo SA Criteo SA is a France-based company specializing in digital performance marketing. Its solution consists of the Criteo Engine, the Company’s data assets, access to inventory, and its advertiser and publisher platforms. The Criteo Engine consists of various machine learning algorithms, such as prediction, recommendation, bidding and creative algorithms and the global hardware and software infrastructure. Receive News & Ratings for Criteo SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Criteo SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys New Stake in Silicom Ltd (SILC) GSA Capital Partners LLP Continues to Hold Stake in Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPSS) Datalink Co. (DTLK) Shares Sold by GSA Capital Partners LLP Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 5,664 IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Two Sigma Investments LP Has $463,000 Stake in Chemed Co. (CHE) Two Sigma Investments LP Has $452,000 Position in Penn West Petroleum Ltd (PWE) Visa Inc (V) Position Boosted by Bienville Capital Management LLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) to Sell Janney Montgomery Scott Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Depomed Inc (DEPO) Credit Agricole Sa (CRARY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Criteo SA (CRTO) to Neutral Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Target Price at $36.00 Navios Maritime Midstream Partners LP (NAP) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) PT at $453.60 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Tristate Capital Holdings Inc (TSC) to Hold Deirdre Stanley Sells 9,393 Shares of Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Stock AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $362,600.00 in Stock Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Two Sigma Investments LP lowered its stake in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) by 25.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 12,875 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,422 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP’s holdings in Prudential Public Limited Company were worth $512,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,714,362 shares of the company’s stock valued at $61,220,000 after buying an additional 7,132 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 41.4% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 174,903 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,246,000 after buying an additional 51,182 shares during the period. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 11.6% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 125,915 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,496,000 after buying an additional 13,062 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Prudential Public Limited Company during the third quarter valued at $1,197,000. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 17.8% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 166,439 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,951,000 after buying an additional 25,146 shares during the period. 1.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) opened at 42.36 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $41.04 and its 200 day moving average price is $38.29. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 12-month low of $29.14 and a 12-month high of $44.21. The firm has a market cap of $54.44 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.56 and a beta of 1.68. The company also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.744 per share. This represents a yield of 3.5%. This is an increase from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/prudential-public-limited-company-puk-shares-sold-by-two-sigma-investments-lp.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on PUK shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Societe Generale raised Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $43.20. About Prudential Public Limited Company Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK). Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deirdre Stanley Sells 9,393 Shares of Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Stock AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $362,600.00 in Stock Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Gratus Capital LLC Has $1,664,000 Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Convergys Corp (CVG) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Buys 512 Shares of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Cowen and Company Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Energy Transfer Equity LP Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.33 Per Share (ETE) Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. Purchases New Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Mantech International Corp (MANT) to Hold George E. Hall Acquires 81,957 Shares of Glassbridge Enterprises Inc (GLA) Stock Michel Tremblay Sells 10,000 Shares of Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Stock AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $362,600.00 in Stock April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) Director Robert B. Johnson sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.52, for a total value of $362,600.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 18,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,337,341.32. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) opened at 72.42 on Monday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $71.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.85. The stock has a market cap of $29.07 billion, a PE ratio of 11.28 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC Incorporated has a 12-month low of $62.59 and a 12-month high of $74.50. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.56 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.39 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Director Sells $362,600.00 in Stock” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/aflac-incorporated-afl-director-sells-362600-00-in-stock.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 14.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,054,261 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,640,000 after buying an additional 265,847 shares during the last quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 24.4% in the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd now owns 275,151 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,690,000 after buying an additional 54,028 shares during the last quarter. Willis Investment Counsel raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 90.7% in the fourth quarter. Willis Investment Counsel now owns 275,898 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,203,000 after buying an additional 131,251 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares during the last quarter. Finally, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. raised its stake in shares of AFLAC by 6.6% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 425,112 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,587,000 after buying an additional 26,367 shares during the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. A number of brokerages have issued reports on AFL. Zacks Investment Research downgraded AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Citigroup Inc began coverage on AFLAC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada downgraded AFLAC from a “sector perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $74.00 to $65.00 in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. AFLAC has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $71.88. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Shelton Capital Management Ashmore Wealth Management LLC Sells 17,980 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Fmr LLC Reduces Stake in Axsome Therapeutics Inc (AXSM) Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) Stake Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fortis Inc. (FTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Mesoblast limited (MESO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Insider Sells C$770,069.30 in Stock Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (AAWW) Now Covered by Seaport Global Securities Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) PT Raised to GBX 420 Dollarama Inc Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.81 Per Share (DOL) Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Given “Neutral” Rating at BNP Paribas Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Steris PLC (STE) Position Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Sells 117,168 Shares of TransUnion (TRU) Comerica Bank Has $497,000 Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc (BRX) Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Shares Bought by State Street Corp PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Shelton Capital Management April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shelton Capital Management boosted its position in shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) by 48.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 30,470 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,930 shares during the period. Shelton Capital Management’s holdings in PepsiCo were worth $3,188,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new position in PepsiCo during the third quarter worth approximately $101,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its position in PepsiCo by 0.4% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,009 shares of the company’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 4 shares in the last quarter. Edmond DE Rothschild Monaco purchased a new position in PepsiCo during the third quarter worth approximately $131,000. Peddock Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new position in PepsiCo during the third quarter worth approximately $152,000. Finally, NewSquare Capital LLC increased its position in PepsiCo by 2.8% in the third quarter. NewSquare Capital LLC now owns 1,622 shares of the company’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 44 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 70.43% of the company’s stock. Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) opened at 111.86 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $109.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $105.85. The stock has a market cap of $159.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.66 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo, Inc. has a 1-year low of $98.50 and a 1-year high of $112.47. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.20 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.16 by $0.04. The business earned $19.52 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $19.51 billion. PepsiCo had a return on equity of 56.16% and a net margin of 10.74%. The business’s revenue was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.06 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.13 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a $0.7525 dividend. This represents a $3.01 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.69%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 1st. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 66.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Shelton Capital Management” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/pepsico-inc-pep-shares-bought-by-shelton-capital-management.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on PEP. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $120.00 target price on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Vetr downgraded PepsiCo from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $97.84 target price for the company. in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $115.00 target price on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. CLSA reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on PepsiCo in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 target price for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $114.76. In other news, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total value of $466,251.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 112,519 shares in the company, valued at $12,320,830.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Ramon Laguarta sold 23,585 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.05, for a total value of $2,571,944.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 135,859 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,815,423.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 44,343 shares of company stock valued at $4,850,480 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. PepsiCo Company Profile PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kronos Worldwide Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kronos Worldwide Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Upgraded by TheStreet to B- TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“ BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (BPT) Rating Lowered to D+ at TheStreet Seabridge Gold, Inc. (SA) Earns “Sec Perform Spec Market Wgt” Rating from National Bank Financial DXP Enterprises Inc (DXPE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.41 EPS RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results Inventure Foods Inc (SNAK) Releases Earnings Results Affimed NV (AFMD) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Eric Leboeuf Purchases 75,000 Shares of Quantum Numbers Corp (QNC) Stock Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Aegis Facebook’s (FB) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Aegis Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC FMC Corp (FMC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird Perficient, Inc. (PRFT) Rating Reiterated by Needham & Company LLC Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Snap Inc (SNAP) Given “Hold” Rating at Aegis AT&T Inc. (T) Given “Buy” Rating at Instinet Momo Inc (MOMO) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“ April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:KRO) was upgraded by stock analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note issued on Wednesday. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on KRO. Zacks Investment Research lowered Kronos Worldwide from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Kronos Worldwide from $7.00 to $12.00 and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Standpoint Research lowered Kronos Worldwide from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Shares of Kronos Worldwide (NYSE:KRO) opened at 16.43 on Wednesday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 43.93 and a beta of 2.24. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $14.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.36. Kronos Worldwide has a one year low of $4.70 and a one year high of $16.66. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 16th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 7th were given a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 3rd. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.65%. Kronos Worldwide’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -5,994.01%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/thestreet-upgrades-kronos-worldwide-inc-kro-to-b.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in KRO. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Kronos Worldwide during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $12,782,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 13.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,578,823 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,088,000 after buying an additional 188,439 shares during the period. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 320,775 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,830,000 after buying an additional 975 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 27.3% in the third quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 158,850 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,317,000 after buying an additional 34,040 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 19,965.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 111,160 shares of the company’s stock valued at $922,000 after buying an additional 110,606 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 13.80% of the company’s stock. About Kronos Worldwide Kronos Worldwide, Inc is a producer and marketer of titanium dioxide (TiO2) pigments, a base industrial product that is used in a range of applications. The Company, along with its distributors and agents, sells and provides technical services for its products in approximately 100 countries with sales in Europe and North America. Receive News & Ratings for Kronos Worldwide Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kronos Worldwide Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Money LATEST NEWS Amritsar: BSF recovers 5 kg heroin packed in pet bottles North Korea threatens to hit back over sanctions Kupwara: 50 shops, 7 residential houses, bank gutted in massive fire Remove two leaves symbol from social media accounts, EC warns AIADMK's Sasikala faction Miranda House in Delhi best college in India, 6 from DU in top 10 rankings Bad weather forces Dalai Lama to reschedule Arunachal trip Would 'find place' in efforts to reduce Indo-Pakistan tensions: US Putin offers floral tribute to metro explosion victims Putin lays flowers at Russian blast site Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Money 04:05 PM | 03 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,910289.72 NIFTY 50 9,23864.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,708245.0 USD/INR 65.020.17 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty end at record highs on 1st trading day of FY18; L&T rallies 5% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW When 'tourist' investors pour money in startups By Bloomberg | Updated: Apr 03, 2017, 09.57 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Softbank | silicon valley | PitchBook | Instacart | Google | Flipkart | Facebook One thing is for sure, though. When the startup investing tourists are everywhere, it's a sign the tech startup boom is far closer to the end than to the beginning. Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! By Shira Ovide I'm taking you on a nostalgia trip. Remember the olden days (2016), when it seemed outlandish investments in technology startups were a thing of the faraway past (2015)? Snap out of it. Just look at the headlines of the past few weeks. China's on-demand ride king Didi Chuxing is considering a $6 billion investment backed by SoftBank. Airbnb finalized a $1 billion stock sale. Another $1 billion or more is flowing to Indian e-commerce firm Flipkart. Instacart put $400 million in its shopping basket. Google's corporate cousin Verily pulled in an $800 million investment. I know we've all become inured to buckets of money sloshing around in Silicon Valley and other global technology capitals. But these are crazy large sums for young, private companies with unproven businesses. Many of these startup financing deals share a common thread: the participation of investors who aren't the traditional venture-capital crowd. They're the new new new startup money. The post-2010 boom for tech startups was fueled in part by investors other than Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins and similar firms that specialize in backing the next Google or Facebook. Some of these investors include banks' asset-management divisions, mutual funds such as T. Rowe Price, hedge funds and government-owned investment vehicles. No strangers to Silicon Valley, these startup investing "tourists" were around in the dotcom bubble days, too, but closed their checkbooks for a time when the party ended. What's been different in the latest tech boom is the variety and number of investors funneling money to startups, typically in waves. Hedge fund investors and money management firms such as JP Morgan Asset Management plunged in big time in the early 2010s, then pulled away somewhat from investing in tech startups after getting burned on a few investments. There was more than enough money to fill the void. Chinese hedge funds became more active in tech startup investments. Corporations -- even those adorable Muppets -- increasingly are forming divisions to invest in private tech companies. The number of companies with active venture-capital arms doubled from 2009 to 2016, according to PitchBook. Government-owned investment vehicles in Saudi Arabia, Australia, Singapore and beyond have become more active, too. And suddenly, SoftBank has an even bigger cash bazooka and isn't afraid to use it. These non-traditional startup investors have kept the tech boom (or bubble) from deflating. The Bloomberg US Startups Barometer, which tracks fundraising, initial public offerings and acquisitions, is recovering from a three-year low. It's easy to be skeptical of the newcomers, but this is rational behavior on both sides. Investment firms are turning to tech startups to find better-than-blah returns for their money. Without a buffet of financing sources, big-spending companies such as Uber could not have existed. One thing is for sure, though. When the startup investing tourists are everywhere, it's a sign the tech startup boom is far closer to the end than to the beginning. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB 23 Baby Names Parents Say They Regret Giving Their Kids CafeMom If you own a computer you must try this game! Online Strategy Game What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Why We’re Obsessed With These New Sheets GQ | Parachute No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale READ MORE ON » Softbank | silicon valley | PitchBook | Instacart | Google | Flipkart | Facebook To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How Uber is using psychological tricks to help its drivers achieve their targets SoftBank opts out of Snapdeal funding deal RNT Capital, Falcon Edge Capital set to invest $100 mn in Ola As video consumption shoots up, why is Amazon Prime focusing on paid subscriptions Four former Bajaj Auto veterans form start up to finance used two wheelers More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Roku Offers Audience Guarantees to Advertisers By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 Final Deadline to Enter Ad Age's Young Creatives Cover Contest Is April 20 4 hours ago Array 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago Array 0 Bad Ref Call Hurts Credibility of All Sports Brands By Rance Crain - 4 hours ago Array 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 4 hours ago Array 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 11 hours ago 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 4 hours ago 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago 0 Hear Tagline Episode 3: Wyclef Jean Talks Creativity, Music and Politics 4 hours ago 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 10 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 3 hours ago 0 See Brands Live-Tweet the NCAA Final - 2 days ago 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 3 hours ago 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo. Published on April 03, 2017. YouTube is searching for ways out of an abrupt advertiser revolt that has seen some of the world's largest marketers suspend spending with the platform. Credit: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Most Popular Marketers will soon have more options at their disposal when advertising on YouTube, which said that it's working with third-party brand-safety vendors like DoubleVerify and Integral Ad Science to assure marketers that their budgets won't wind up paying for ads on violent, offensive or otherwise unsavory content. YouTube parent Google said it will work with companies that are accredited by the ad industry's Media Ratings Council for new verification tools, but didn't provide an exact timeline for when those tools would be available. The full list of approved partners was also not immediately available. After the rise of fake news sites where marketers were attacked for appearing, companies like DoubleVerify pounced on the opportunity to provide media-agency networks such as GroupM with better brand safety tools. Since press reports of ads supporting terrorist video on YouTube sparked a full-fledged advertiser revolt last month, the focus has shifted. Advertisers including AT&T, Verizon, PepsiCo and Procter & Gamble have frozen spending on YouTube because of brand safety concerns. Agency holding companies WPP and Omnicom said they'll provide brand safety tools for marketers so they can still advertise on YouTube, but it's unclear whether or not their clients' concerns have been assuaged. Although Google's move seems like a step toward resolving YouTube's sudden ad crisis, DoubleVerify said it's unsure what's supposed to happen next. "As of yet, we haven't received any details on the solution that they are planning," a DoubleVerify representative said. Related Stories The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands The move comes nearly two weeks after YouTube Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler said the company would be conducting an extensive review regarding its advertising policies and tools. Mr. Schindler publicly apologized shortly after reports that major brands had their ads run on offensive or extremist content on YouTube. A Google representative told Ad Age its recent move is an integration and not an API that any outside vendor can use, meaning that its brand safety tools will be separate from WPP and Omnicom's offerings. Further information was not immediately available. In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Mobile Programmatic Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks-business Apr 03, 2017 09:18 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: 2 stocks that brokerages are watching today United Spirits on the back of Supreme Court’s decision to ban alcohol on highways and Reliance Industries after extending its Jio Prime membership are on analysts’ radar today United Spirits Jefferies has reiterated an underperform rating on the stock with a lowered target price of Rs 1,812 from Rs 1,900. The research firm sees a disruption due to the Supreme Court order that banned liquor shops on highways. Even if states choose to circumvent the ban, the company may still see demand destruction, it added. The ban will now shift demand to shops further away from highways. The key risk to the stock could be monetization of non-core assets and a further buyback by Diageo. On the financials front, analysts at the firm have cut FY19 earnings per share estimates by 6.5 percent and value the stock using 12-month forward PE target multiple of 50 times. CLSA has recommended a sell call with a reduced target price to Rs 1,600 from Rs 2,100 as profitability could be long going ahead. It has cut FY17-19 EPS by 17-28 percent, but also expects states to support the industry during the transition which will still take time. The key upside risk to the stock could be the hope of a tender offer from Diageo. Morgan Stanley is overweight on United Spirits with a target price of Rs 2,900. It foresees 42 percent of the country’s liquor sales facing dislocation due to the ban. Furthermore, it sees a near-term impact on the firm’s volumes as the business gets aligned to the new rules. IIFL has an add rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,250. The brokerage house sees muted growth to FY18 on the back of the apex court’s verdict as well as implementation of GST. The ban will weigh on the company’s Q4 alcohol sales as well. Further, demonetisation impact will continue to be visible, but at a lower level than Q3. It sees the firm’s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation growing 15 percent and hence sees 14 percent decline in EPS in Q4. Kotak Institutional Equities expects the SC verdict’s impact to be material but transitionary in nature till shops relocate. It sees the decision hitting liquor firms as 35-40 percent liquor outlets are located along the highways. This relocation will drive de-stocking in the near term which can impact Q1 volume. Reliance Industries JPMorgan is neutral on the stock with a target of Rs 1,240. The research firm sees Reliance’s decision to extend Jio Prime deadline as a step to add more subscribers and believes that the firm’s telecom journey has just begun. The sign-ups are a positive, but extension and more freebies are puzzling, it says. Furthermore, it sees net debt to continue to rise and the final capex figure is yet to be seen. Jio would need revenues of USD 400-500 billion to be PBT positive and forecasts EBITDA of USD 221 billion in FY21 and USD 287 billion in FY22. The stock also implies a telecom EBITDA of over USD 4.7 billion.Disclaimer: Reliance Jio is a part of Reliance Industries that owns Network 18 Media & moneycontrol.com tags #Alcohol Ban #brokerages #Highways #Reliance #Reliance Industries #Stocks Views #Supreme Court #United Spirits Related news Business Top 5 stocks which can give up to 20% return in short term based on technicals Apr 04, 2017 09:57 AM Business M&M chief Pawan Goenka urges SC to allow industry to sell BS III inventory Apr 03, 2017 06:09 PM Business Aircel-Maxis case: SC asks CBI to file status report of probe Apr 03, 2017 05:23 PM Business Book some profits in Berger Paints: Gaurang Shah Apr 03, 2017 04:44 PM Business Buy Dish TV around Rs 100, says Mitessh Thakkar Apr 03, 2017 04:40 PM Business Remain invested in Berger Paints: Prakash Gaba Apr 03, 2017 04:40 PM Business Prefer Hindalco over Tata Steel: Gaurang Shah Apr 03, 2017 04:40 PM Business Like Bharat Forge, target Rs 1150: Prakash Gaba Apr 03, 2017 04:33 PM Business Hold Tata Steel, says Prakash Gaba Apr 03, 2017 04:27 PM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Trump amends H1B rules, entry level techies to be hit hardest Frequent search for 'multibagger' on Google could spell trouble for markets The economics of farm loan write-offs; Will Yogi Aditya Nath walk the talk on Tuesday? Rs 30 saved per day for 25 years could help you become a millionaire see more Video of the day RBI policy, earnings to drive markets; see growth returning to NBFCs: Edelweiss Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Breaking News Democrats amass support to force showdown over Trump Supreme Court pick 'Not natural friends': Trump, Xi will be 'odd couple' at first summit Likely suspect in St. Petersburg blast is Kyrgyz-born Russian citizen Homeland Security announces steps against H1B visa fraud Trump aides, lawmakers hold talks to revive healthcare bill Chinese wary about U.S. missile system because capabilities unknown: experts Trump signs repeal of U.S. broadband privacy rules Late run lifts North Carolina to NCAA title As Trump-Xi summit looms, evidence of strained ties on China-North Korea border Latin America's struggling left boosted by win in Ecuador election Tue 4 Apr 2017 - 6 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Vacancies Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Auto sales to give insight on consumer health Auto sales to give insight on consumer health Sunday 02nd, April 2017 / 18:59 Written by Oman Observer in Business NEW YORK: Forget the jobs report. The most interesting bit of US economic data this week is Monday’s auto sales release, which will offer a measure of the middle-class consumer and a sector of the stock market that has had a rough ride so far in 2017. Economists are looking for another solid month of sales north of 17 million new vehicles at a seasonally adjusted annualized rate for March but nothing like the 18.4 million hit in December, the highest since August 2005. The number would however point to a third consecutive decline on a 12-month rolling basis. With sales peaking and prices set to drop, the secondary effects are expected to be felt beyond car makers and dealers. Lease and used-vehicle prices are expected to fall sharply this year, according to Ally Financial, which cited its estimate earlier this month when it lowered its 2017 profit forecast. Morgan Stanley said in a Friday note used-car prices could tumble between 25 and 50 per cent by 2021, with both new cars and off-lease supply hitting record highs this year. “There’s an avalanche of used cars ready to hit the market place,” said Brad Lamensdorf, co-manager of the AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF. According to Lamensdorf, the need to move inventory has translated into reckless lending. “It’s not fraudulent, but people are up to their neck in debt,” he said. “Default rates are going to be much more significant.” The stock market is taking note. The S&P 1500 automotive retail index is down 6.5 per cent year to date, with Advance Auto Parts, AutoNation and Sonic Automotive down double digits in 2017. Carmax, which reports earnings on Thursday, is seen as a bellwether in the used-car industry. Its stock is down 8 per cent so far this year. Another red flag from the sales floor: The average number of days a new vehicle sat before being retailed hit 70 in the first 19 days of March according to a note from JD Power and LMC Automotive. That is the highest since July 2009. With the market tightening, industry insiders expect more price cuts. “The competitiveness of the industry continues to be evident in ever-rising incentive levels,” said Deirdre Borrego, Senior Vice President of automotive data and analytics at JD Power in a note. “Incentives will reach a new high for the month of March.” At the same time, competition to finance loans is likely to further increase credit risk for auto lenders, Moody’s Investors Service said this week. Ally Financial stock fell 9.6 per cent in March. Even the challenge to General Motors this week from a hedge fund, aimed at boosting a lagging stock price, reflects the concern that the industry is hoarding cash without significant prospects for growth. The market for autos, however important, is not as big a part of the US economy as the housing market was when its collapse in 2008 triggered the sharpest recession since the Great Depression. However, and taking into account all the moving parts of the industry’s supply chain, a halt in the auto sector could strain an economy that is already eight years into a recovery cycle. And it would hurt blue-collar workers the most. If a jump in auto loan defaults materializes, there is also the risk that consumers will shut their wallets and hurt economic growth, two-thirds of which depends on consumer spending. “When you look at how consumers are spending there is a question mark if the less-than-prime buyer is suddenly having issues,” said Ian Winer, head of equities at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. “The spillover effect is: What other industries are also using rather aggressive financing in order to get revenue — Jewellery and mattresses jump out at me as two big examples.” Tempur Sealy shares have fallen 32 per cent year to date. Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market’s lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending on Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015.   Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 per cent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 per cent to 2,362.72.  The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 per cent to 5,911.74. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Previous Post Ford Motor recalls F-250 pickups → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Death around corner for civilians living on Mosul’s frontline Trump’s son-in-law flies into Iraq with top US general EU foreign ministers adopt strategy for Syria Britain’s May begins Mideast trip focused on security, trade Read More ... Facebook Twitter 5 hours agoEpaper of #Oman's only #English 24x7 daily at /t.co/yeAaNqR6XI /t.co/xs6zdKE3si 9 hours ago#Oman condemns terrorist bombing at subway station in St Petersburg in #Russia, which killed and injured civilians… /t.co/VUj2skYO9N 9 hours ago#Oman condemns terrorist bombing at subway station in St Petersburg in Russia, which killed and injured civilians… /t.co/hsYRESolg4 Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Apr 4, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Computer says . . . invest: the robo-advisers are coming Fees are cheap but will Irish investors be tempted by computer-based advice? about 2 hours ago Proinsias O'Mahony Robo-advisors’ big selling points are their ease of access and affordability.         Robo-advisers – online services that quickly construct and manage low-cost portfolios for ordinary investors – have been making waves internationally in recent years. Now London-based ETFmatic is targeting the Irish market along with 31 other European countries, hoping that investors will be attracted by annual management charges starting from 0.3 per cent. The firm’s platform is available at its website or through a mobile app, which it says is the most downloaded robo-adviser app in Europe. Online financial advisory services such as ETFmatic typically assess an investor’s goals and risk appetite via a simple online questionnaire before suggesting a suitable portfolio, usually consisting of cheap exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that offer access to global stock and bond indices. Robo-advisers then manage the portfolio, taking care of matters such as dividend reinvestment and rebalancing. Simplicity aside, robo-advisers’ big selling points are their ease of access and affordability. The minimum initial investment for ETFmatic, for example, is just €100. Portfolios with less than €25,000 carry a management fee of 0.5 per cent, falling to 0.3 per cent for portfolios above €25,000. Additional fees are levied by the ETF providers, ranging from 0.1 to 0.35 per cent. They have really taken off in the US, with a lot of the big fund managers offering this service Consequently, the all-inclusive fee for an ETFmatic portfolio ranges from 0.4 to 0.85 per cent. Low fees mean the average investor could save a “life-changing” amount of money – “hundreds of thousands” – over a 30-year period, the firm says. A matter of time “It was only a matter of time before robo-advisers were introduced to Ireland”, says Steven Barrett, managing director of Dublin-based Bluewater Financial Planning. “They have really taken off in the US, with a lot of the big fund managers offering this service.” Well-known standalone robo-advisers in the US include Betterment – the largest outfit, managing an estimated $6 billion in assets – as well as Wealthfront and WiseBanyan. Mainstream financial firms are increasingly muscling into the space, with Goldman Sachs, Vanguard, BlackRock, Charles Schwab, Merrill Lynch and Fidelity all announcing similar offerings. Nutmeg is the UK’s most high-profile robo-adviser, managing some £600 million, although it too is facing increased competition from established names like UBS and RBS. The latter announced last year it was replacing 220 advisers with an automated system, thereby enabling it to advise customers with as little as £500 in savings. For now, robo-advisers remain a niche option, accounting for less than 1 per cent of assets under management. However, the space is a rapidly-expanding one that may account for 10 per cent of global assets by 2020, according to a BI Intelligence report last year. Almost half of wealthy investors not currently using robo-services would consider using them in the future, according to a PwC report last year. If firms do not respond now, they simply will not survive in the medium- to long-term Olwyn Alexander, leader in PwC Ireland’s asset and wealth management practice, warned then that the wealth management sector is “acutely vulnerable” to digital innovation. “Ignoring this state of affairs is not an option”, she said. “If firms do not respond now, they simply will not survive in the medium- to long-term.” Their appeal is also acknowledged by Barrett. Robo-advisers give people “more choice and the option to invest in a low-cost structure with transparent fees”, he says. Their arrival “forces advisers to offer more to their clients”. Cheap In some cases, the “low-cost” term is an understatement. WiseBanyan, for example, markets itself as the world’s first free financial adviser (it charge fees only for premium products). The question of commission-based advice in Ireland is currently being considered by the Central Bank, which last month published a number of responses to its discussion paper on the subject. File photograph: Toru Hanai/Reuters Similarly, Italian operator MoneyFarm aims to attract UK clients by charging no annual management fee on balances up to £10,000. The arrival of low-cost financial advice represents the “democratisation of wealth management”, says UBS, the Swiss bank which had hitherto been synonymous with wealthy investors. A similar point was made by the UK regulator last year in its Financial Advice Market Review. Noting that approximately two-thirds of UK retail investment products are bought without professional advice, it said up to 16 million people may be in the position of needing advice but not being able to afford it – a “financial advice gap” that could be filled by robo-advisers. The UK “advice gap” may have been exacerbated by the 2012 decision to ban independent financial advisers from taking commission from product providers. The question of commission-based advice in Ireland is currently being considered by the Central Bank, which last month published a number of responses to its discussion paper on the subject. Those responses indicate most financial advisers are in favour of retaining the commission model, the common argument being that high charges levied by fee-based advisers – hourly rates are often more than €100 – will result in a UK-style advice gap. They’re cheap, convenient, accessible to small investors, and they generally advocate investment strategies based on strong academic credentials However, the commission model is ridden with conflicts of interest, and advisers’ argument regarding high fees is badly weakened by the expected expansion of low-cost robo-advisory services into Ireland. Overall, the appeal of robo-advisers is obvious. They’re cheap, convenient, accessible to small investors, and they generally advocate investment strategies based on strong academic credentials (namely, tracking diversified indices in a low-cost manner). Limitations However, they also suffer from undeniable limitations. Robo-advisers are fine for uncomplicated financial matters, but not for complex planning strategies requiring detailed knowledge of an individual’s situation . Their suitability for the Irish investment landscape is dimmed by the fact that tax treatment of ETFs in Ireland is notoriously complicated, with tax rates dependent on where the ETF is domiciled. Secondly, surveys show financial illiteracy is a real and widespread problem, both in Ireland and internationally. Might less-knowledgeable investors end up in unsuitable investments? US regulators have already queried the risk measurement metrics used by robo-advisers, raising questions as to whether they are sufficiently detailed and rigorous. Thirdly, many doubt the sustainability of the model, warning that standalone robo-advisers are faced with overcoming a lack of brand awareness and high customer acquisition costs. Many investors may be wary of investing with little-known outfits. Robo-advice may be here to stay, but the beneficiaries may be the big players who are increasingly moving into the space rather than startups such as ETFmatic. Finally, many finance professionals say their role is as much psychotherapist as it is financial adviser, holding investors’ hands in times of turmoil and urging them to not engage in panicked acts of self-sabotage. “Human being need human beings,” as JPMorgan’s Mary Erdoes put it last month. “There is a lot a client will tell you over the course of a meeting that they will not disclose when answering questions online, simply because there is no rapport with a computer”, says Steven Barrett. “Or the computer may not ask the correct follow-on questions.” Vanguard’s plans to hire 1,700 financial planners this year shows “people still want to talk to people and there still is a space for a financial adviser”, he says. “Someone who can empathise with people and get a feeling of where they are coming from.” The future, perhaps, may be a hybrid one that merges man and machine, pairing an efficient, low-cost investment platform with occasionally personalised advice. The robots are coming, but humans are not going away just yet.         Topics: Alexander Olwyn Central Bank UBS RBS Vanguard PwC Goldman Sachs Group BlackRock Ireland Read More Looking for value in global stock markets Should investors ignore the bubble-watchers? President Le Pen: should investors be worried? US bull market celebrates its eighth birthday ‘We need to spend and buy Irish as much as possible’ Mortgage approvals rocket, putting pressure on supply of homes What would happen if interest rates went up by 3%? Buy high, say fund managers in new survey ‘We shop locally. . . Face to face is a social elixir’ Free dental visits for the first time for self-employed  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services IBRC liquidators examine INBS tracker rate concerns Work Lucy Kellaway: Office chat a relic of a more honest era Gaelic Football Kerry’s Colm Cooper to retire from inter county football Motors Fall in car sales disguised by heavy discounts and pre-registering Sponsored Lifting the diamond to a higher level Advice for Irish companies preparing for Brexit? Act now Voyage into Heaney country at HomePlace, Northern Ireland’s latest cultural magnet Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Funds Tracker Keep up to date with your investments   Latest Business Asos raises full-year sales forecast after strong H1 07:26 Brexit’s biggest loser may not be Ireland - it may actually be Poland 07:22 Tesla’s market capitalisation overtakes that of Ford 07:13 Tayto-related company Montagu in multi-million deal 06:46 Milestones galore for soaring Amazon 06:30 Most Read in Business 1 How low can they go? Savers in trouble as deposit rates fall 2 Brexit’s biggest loser may not be Ireland - it may actually be Poland 3 Pub group boss Gleeson investigated for ‘unauthorised spending’ 4 Ireland may need new central securities depository post-Brexit 5 Smurfit Kappa declines to comment on price-fixing inquiry 6 Computer says . . . invest: the robo-advisers are coming 7 Losing bidder for M50 toll challenges award of contract 8 ‘Peak TV’ shows no sign of abating just yet 9 Tayto-related company Montagu in multi-million deal 10 Ires Reit to appeal planning refusal in Sandyford Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Save money on international transfers Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 4/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Bank consortium demos leveraged loan trade via blockchain Amazon Cash's secret weapon is the Apple wallet Why this venture capitalist wants to make traditional VC obsolete Credit Suisse raided, client assets seized in tax probe Slideshow 'Leave Marge in bookkeeping out of it': Comments of the week search goes here Bank consortium demos leveraged loan trade via blockchain By Glen Fest Published April 03 2017, 7:33pm EDT More in Syndicated loans Leveraged loans Blockchain Capital markets Bank technology R3 Credit Suisse Print Email Reprints Share Share on Coordinators of a financial-industry backed blockchain project say they have successfully demonstrated that the distributed ledger technology can be used to syndication, trade and make payments on leveraged loans. The 90-minute demonstration was carried out this week by Synaps Loans LLC, Credit Suisse and financial services consortium R3. Participating instutions included Barclays, BBVA, Danske Bank, Royal Bank of Scotland, Scotiabank, Society Generale, U.S. Bank and Wells Fargo on the sell-side; and firms such as AllianceBernstein, Eaton Vance Management, KKR and Oak Hill Advisors on the buy side, according to the release. Also participating was custodial bank State Street Corp. and the Loan Syndications & Trading Association trade group for the leveraged loan and collateralized loan obligation industry. There was no actual transaction, rather, the demo was a “proof-of-concept” involving a simulated end-to-end leveraged loan trade. Proponents say it validated the premise that blockchain can be used to speed up interaction in the secondary loan market, from back-office functions like settlement and documentation to agent-bank duties like managing votes on loan amendments. "This was months of work,” involving more than 100 participants from 19 institutions, said Caitlin Long, president and chairman of Symbiont. "Synaps now has the majority of the functionality needed to implement blockchain technology at scale in the syndicated loan market, which enables us to move into the final stages of development,” said Emmanuel Aidoo, head of the distributed ledger and blockchain effort at Credit Suisse, in a release. Those final stages will be to implement a platform that could carry a loan from “origination to payoff” before the challenging stage of gaining widespread market adoption, he noted. “This was months of work,” involving more than 100 participants from 19 institutions, said Caitlin Long, president and chairman of Symbiont.io, in an interview with Asset Securitization Report. “We had a large number of parties involved” in the demonstration, she added, “and we had to turn away some participants because there are only so many you can sit at the table like this.” Symbiont, a joint venture partner with business process services firm iPreo behind the Synaps platform, is one of several technology firms competing to recruit banks and funds to its proprietary blockchain platform. Blockchain is the digital ledger technology behind cryptocurrency bitcoin. The blockchain formats proposed for financial services differ in that the aim is to develop the use of shared digital ledgers — or smart contracts — that can include all parties in a loan trade for simultaneous views and interactions with data. Users, for example, could verify ownership of a loan automatically without needing an agent-bank query. Interest in applying blockchain technology for capital markets has surged in recent years. That’s particularly true in the leveraged loan market, where trades still involve large amounts of paper and can take weeks to settle. Buyers and investors are eager to speed up and automate trades. Many also want trades, which can involve several parties exchanging contract documents back and forth through agent banks, to be more transparent. Potential for Drastic Reduction in Transaction Costs Long said the goal of the test was to prove not just that a trade can be done over blockchain, but that it is well worth the investment in terms of time and cost savings for syndicated loan buyers and sellers. The demonstration, which involved a typical roster of syndicated loan trade participants, showed that a trade could potentially be settled in a few days, at much lower cost. Other efforts are underway to speed up trade settlement. The LSTA recently introduced rules aimed at discouraging buyers from dragging their feet in bringing their money to the table. As a result, median settlement times have been reduced from 16 days to 11 days since 2013. But banks are still aiming for loan-trade settlements in under three days, said Long. “We were looking to automate processing and remove all duplication and we did succeed at that,” said Long. The test also showed how opaque, back-office practices can be eliminated to excise major hidden expenses in the loan market. One such issue is the high attorney cost involved in reviewing loan docs when a loan price falls below par into distressed levels, Long pointed out. “Firms will spend millions of dollars in legal fees to compare the documents” on changing credit-relief levels as the loan changes hands, said Long. With the test, all of these changes were documented and reviewable in real time. Another plus to automation is easing the efforts involved in determining who owns loans, which can by syndicated among hundreds of investors at the time of issuance and change hands regularly. “Instead of all the scrambling to verify a party owns a loan before its transferred in a secondary market trade,” Long said, “all of that scrambling is now down to an automated process that is completely transparent.” According to Robert Berk, senior vice president and chief operating officer at U.S. Bank Capital Markets, the “hugely successful” test has proven blockchain can drive “transparency and efficiency” for the syndicated loan market. “There are clear benefits to borrowers, agents, and asset managers,” he said, according to a release. “This is certainly the most automated market solution we’ve seen to date.” Long, formerly a managing director for global capital markets at Morgan Stanley, said the demonstration has been “months in the making” (she joined Symbiont last August). It’s also culminated years of her championing the blockchain technology for capital markets and structured finance while at Morgan. The work by Symbiont, R3 CEV and Credit Suisse is among several efforts and testing projects underway to standardize, develop and/or market a blockchain servicing format for financial services. The most high-profile effort to date has been R3, which has nearly 70 banks in its fold (It recently lost high-profile participants Goldman Sachs and Santander. Digital Asset Holdings, headed by former JPMorgan executive Blythe Masters, last year entered into a partnership with Accenture, PwC and investor communications firm Broadridge to drive adoption of blockchain in the capital markets. Research into blockchain services for securitization efforts have been kicked into gear by the Structured Finance Industry Group, which announced a partnership with the Chamber of Digital Commerce at SFIG’s ABS Vegas industry conference in February. Spanish banking group BBVA joining the Linux Foundation’s Hyperledger blockchain standards group, and some banks have put their efforts into projects that are based on competing technology stacks, as well — such as Northern Trust working with IBM and JPMorgan aligned with Microsoft. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking 10h ago This article originally appeared in Asset Securitization Report. Glen Fest More from this Author More risk retention please, CMBS investors say Why subprime auto is suffering, even in good times Just how different are marketplace lenders? Securitization pros unsure Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News BlackRock Announces Index Changes to Two iShares ETFs NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Effective on or around June 1, 2017, BlackRock will make the following changes to two iShares ETFs:                     Current     New Fund Name     iShares Emerging Markets Corporate Bond ETF (CEMB)     iShares J.P. Morgan EM Corporate Bond ETF (CEMB) Underlying Index     Morningstar Emerging Markets Corporate Bond Index     J.P. Morgan CEMBI Broad Diversified Core Index Investment Objective     The iShares Emerging Markets Corporate Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of U.S. dollar-denominated, emerging market corporate bonds.     The iShares J.P. Morgan EM Corporate Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of U.S. dollar-denominated, emerging market corporate bonds. Index Provider     Morningstar, Inc.     JPMorgan Chase & Co.                     Current     New Fund Name     iShares Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (LEMB)     iShares J.P. Morgan EM Local Currency Bond ETF (LEMB) Underlying Index     Bloomberg Barclays Emerging Markets Broad Local Currency Bond Index     J.P. Morgan GBI-EM Global Diversified 15% Cap 4.5% Floor Index Investment Objective     The iShares Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of local currency denominated, emerging market sovereign bonds.     The iShares J.P. Morgan EM Local Currency Bond ETF seeks to track the investment results of an index composed of local currency denominated, emerging market sovereign bonds. Index Provider     Bloomberg Barclays Capital Inc.     JPMorgan Chase & Co.         The fund tickers will remain unchanged. Current shareholders in the above mentioned funds are not required to take any actions as a result of these changes. About BlackRock BlackRock is a global leader in investment management, risk management and advisory services for institutional and retail clients. At December 31, 2016, BlackRock’s AUM was $5.1 trillion. BlackRock helps clients around the world meet their goals and overcome challenges with a range of products that include separate accounts, mutual funds, iShares® (exchange-traded funds), and other pooled investment vehicles. BlackRock also offers risk management, advisory and enterprise investment system services to a broad base of institutional investors through BlackRock Solutions®. As of December 31, 2016, the firm had approximately 13,000 employees in more than 30 countries and a major presence in global markets, including North and South America, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Middle East and Africa. For additional information, please visit the Company’s website at www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock_news | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock About iShares iShares® is a global leader in exchange-traded funds (ETFs), with more than a decade of expertise and commitment to individual and institutional investors of all sizes. With over 700 funds globally across multiple asset classes and strategies and more than $1 trillion in assets under management as of December 31, 2016, iShares helps clients around the world build the core of their portfolios, meet specific investment goals and implement market views. iShares funds are powered by the expert portfolio and risk management of BlackRock, trusted to manage more money than any other investment firm1. 1 Based on $5.147 trillion in AUM as of 12/31/16 Carefully consider the Funds’ investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds’ prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses which may be obtained by visiting www.iShares.com or www.blackrock.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. International investing involves risks, including risks related to foreign currency, limited liquidity, less government regulation and the possibility of substantial volatility due to adverse political, economic or other developments. These risks often are heightened for investments in emerging/developing markets and in concentrations of single countries. Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments. The iShares Funds are distributed by BlackRock Investments, LLC (together with its affiliates, “BlackRock”). The iShares Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Barclays, Bloomberg Finance L.P., JPMorgan Chase & Co. or Morningstar, Inc. None of these companies make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Funds. BlackRock is not affiliated with the companies listed above. ©2017 BlackRock. All rights reserved. iSHARES and BLACKROCK are registered trademarks of BlackRock. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paramount Gold Nevada’s Drilling Continues to Confirm Continuity of Grassy Mountain Mineralization Search Recent Posts BlackRock Announces Index Changes to Two iShares ETFs Paramount Gold Nevada’s Drilling Continues to Confirm Continuity of Grassy Mountain Mineralization Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. 2017 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts First Growth Reached Agreement on Terms of Settlement for Oppression Action Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Admin/Tech Benefits Buzz DB DC Investment Law & regulation Risk reduction Events Pensions Library PPTV Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Defined Contribution Conference 2017 This exclusive one day conference will provide a comprehensive overview of the evolving DC landscape, and examine how Trustees and Pension Scheme Managers can overcome the challenges they face Date: 26 Apr 2017 Radisson Blu Edwardian Bloomsbury Street Hotel, London UK Pensions Awards 2017 Make a date in your diary. These awards are the single largest gathering and a veritable 'who's who' of the corporate pensions industry in the UK. Date: 04 May 2017 Grosvenor House, London Pensions and Benefits UK 2017 The very best solutions to pension and employee benefit issues and only discovered when pension’s management, benefits management, finance and HR work together. That's why Pensions and Benefits UK is the industry’s must attend event. Date: 27 Jun 2017 The Brewery, 52 Chiswell St London EC1Y 4SD, London Pension Scheme of the Year Awards 2017 The Pension Scheme of the Year Awards celebrates excellence within UK workplace pension schemes. The awards - which are now in their 17th year - shine the light on excellence, and aim to recognise the country's best pension funds and managers. Date: 27 Jun 2017 The Brewery, 52 Chiswell St, London EC1Y 4SD, London View all events Follow our Professional Pension Events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Pensions Library Considerations for efficient factor based portfolio construction In this paper, we tackle some of the most frequently posed questions about factor investing, questions which should be considered when constructing an efficient factor based portfolio. Download Emerging-market debt: Navigating the allocation dilemma Eaton Vance considers EM economies and their strategic significance. However, what many investors don't know, is that emerging-market debt investing does not need to be as volatile as previously thought.   Download Find whitepapers Search by title or subject area View all whitepapers Sign in   You are currently accessing ProfessionalPensions via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter Newsletters Apps Register Subscribe PPTV Professional Pensions Home Admin/Tech Benefits Buzz DB DC Investment Law & regulation Risk reduction   You are currently accessing ProfessionalPensions via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Appointments Brunel is first LGPS pool to name independent chair James Phillips @PPJamesPhillips 03 April 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments The Brunel Pension Partnership has named Denise Le Gal as its independent chairwoman, ahead of the pool seeking authorisation from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Le Gal, who is currently chairwoman of Surrey Council's pension fund, will oversee the £25bn pool, which will bring together assets from 10 pension funds across the south west. She will now begin the recruitment process of the pool's senior management team and non-executive directors to sit alongside her on the board. Once these have been appointed, the pool will be able to pursue authorisation from the FCA. Related articles Brunel is first LGPS pool to name independent chair Two LGPS pools embark on hiring process Brunel LGPS pool selects JLT and Alpha FMC Brunel LGPS pool hires Bfinance as adviser In July 2015, the government required all 89 funds in the Local Government Pension Schemes (LGPS) to pool investments by April 2018 in a bid to improve efficiencies and drive down costs, giving rise to eight distinct structures. However, as the London Collective Investment Vehicle and the London Pension Partnership - the pool between Lancashire and the London Pension Fund Authority -had started the pooling process voluntarily before the government's announcement, the Brunel fund is the first mandated pool to hire an independent chairperson. Once it achieves FCA accreditation, the Brunel pool will bring together the pension schemes for Avon, Buckinghamshire, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Environment Agency, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire, Somerset, and Wiltshire. Le Gal said: "I am delighted to be given this chance at the start of the company's journey to shape it into one of the best pools, and I am excited at working with the 10 funds to deliver real efficiencies and improved returns to their half a million members." Dorset pension fund chairman and Bournemouth Unitary Council leader John Beesley added Le Gal's experience will help shape the pool's future. "Denise brings significant experience of both the private and public sector investment and pensions industry," he said. "Her knowledge, enthusiasm and will to succeed will be a tremendous asset in shaping the Brunel company." Le Gal has been cabinet member for business services at Surrey County Council since 2009, during which time she has also sat as chairwoman of its £3.9bn pension fund. She has, however, stated that she will not stand for re-election later this year. She has also been a trustee director of the JP Morgan Chase UK Retirement Plan since 2011, and a county councils' representative to the LGPS Scheme Advisory Board at the Department for Communities and Local Government since 2013. She sits as an executive member of the Local Authority Pension Fund Forum and also the chairwoman of the Local Government Pensions Committee at the Local Government Association. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Appointments LGPS Local Government Pension Scheme LGPS pooling Brunel Pension Partnership Denise Le Gal More on Appointments Appointments Jules Constantinou named IFoA president-elect 30 Mar Appointments Clyde & Co expands pensions team with two hires 29 Mar Appointments Law Debenture hires client director 28 Mar Appointments John Dickson announced as new senior partner at Hymans Robertson 24 Mar Latest stories What investment risks could arise during the Brexit negotiations? Despite a relative calm reaction to the triggering of Article 50, schemes should be braced for a bumpy ride during the coming two years of tough Brexit negotiations. Stephanie Baxter looks at what to watch out for Investment 04 April 2017 Brunel is first LGPS pool to name independent chair The Brunel Pension Partnership has named Denise Le Gal as its independent chairwoman, ahead of the pool seeking authorisation from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Appointments 03 April 2017 Have IGCs improved value for money in contract-based pensions? A second round of IGC reports show most charges have been brought down, but transaction costs remain hard to pin down. Michael Klimes looks at the key findings Defined Contribution 03 April 2017 DB schemes see deficits ease ahead of Brexit volatility Defined benefit (DB) schemes saw a £20bn reprieve on their deficits over the course of March, PwC's SkyVal index shows. Defined Benefit 03 April 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top Videos on PPTV   Most read Mortality improvements in the noughties may have been the blip Regulator unveils investment guidance for DB trustees Government to tackle scams, charges and transparency 'very soon' Over half of DB members that spoke to IFA transferred out last year, finds Willis Towers Watson research Clyde & Co expands pensions team with two hires Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter Newsletters Apps © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, April 04, 2017, 2:07 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Benton County lawsuits filed By -- Special to NWA Democrat-Gazette This article was published April 3, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size March 23 Mark B. and Carol S. Muller Char Fund v. Parker Hurlburt State of AR/OCSE v. Hendrix Benavides March 24 Progressive Car Finance LLC v. Justin T. Edgington Progressive Car Finance LLC v. Tiphaphone J. Champasouk Progressive Car Finance LLC v. Evelyn C. Alonzo Joyce Anderson v. Lauren Caruso, Danny Caruso and Elaine Lehman Capital One Bank USA NA v. Patricia J. Jacobs-Murphy Arvest Bank v. Drew Compton Arvest Bank v. Doug C. Crawford Capital One Bank USA NA v. Sean Hutchens Capital One Bank USA NA v. Robert D. Yates Capital One Bank USA NA v. Sharon K. Longo Capital One Bank USA NA v. Geovanni Serrano World's Foremost Bank v. Sean E. Morris World's Foremost Bank v. Christopher J. Teague World's Foremost Bank v. Justin W. Dewitt State of AR/OCSE v. Jack Kelly State of AR/OCSE v. Francisco Ernesto Linares Ashley Rutledge v. Justin Ross State of AR/OCSE v. Alejandro Zuno State of AR/OCSE v. Kristopher Watson March 27 Glen Acquisition LLC v. Kisten Saint-Laurent Jerry Roegner v. Angelique Reed March 28 State of Arkansas v. Rene Salazar Merlos State of Arkansas v. Lisa Selvey Amani Covington v. Patrick Spoonemore Stephanie Deboard v. Carlton Butler Marrs Developing LLC v. Internal Revenue Service Amber Bell v. Matthew York March 29 JP Morgan Chase Bank NA v. Rosalio Martinez and Sonia Martinez Synchrony Bank v. Linda Cummings Capital One Bank USA NA v. Geri Brewer Capital One Bank USA NA v. Gayla D. Scott Synchrony Bank v. Bethany Davis Jymme Ash v. Jason Eddie Jacob Morris v. Stesha Chirnside Jordan Winn v. Ashton Davis State of AR/OCSE v. Shawn Killian Marina Monica Fimbres v. Tom David Machuca Melanie Merkling v. Richard Sanders Shelter Mutual Ins. Co. v. Brad's Plumbing Inc. Synchrony Bank v. Linda Cummings NW News on 04/03/2017 Print Headline: Lawsuits filed Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More NWAnews Benton County lawsuits filed Public Meetings Rogers ambulance service fees increase West Fork plans improvement projects in city Group makes plea for mental health crisis uni... Washington County Marriage Licenses Benton County Marriage Licenses District levels of poverty affects Title I mo... South Fayetteville public housing residents s... More NWAnews stories > Comments on: Benton County lawsuits filed To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Arkansas man shoots himself in testicle while staying at Little Rock hotel, police say (20 comments) The decline of thinking (15 comments) Fox backs O'Reilly after reports of sexual harassment (37 comments) Winner has yet to claim record $177M jackpot prize in Arkansas (4 comments) Illinois post prospect commits to UA women's Coach Dykes (3 comments) Arkansas says it has no source for drug if inmates delay executions; governor reviewing cases (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
