Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Chemring Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemring Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Celestica, Inc. (CLS) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.09 EPS Strattec Security Corporation (STRT) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.32 EPS Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Horizon Discovery Group PLC (HZD) Horizon Discovery Group PLC (HZD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (BPFH) Insider Joseph D. Regan Sells 25,000 Shares of Stock NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS Macatawa Bank Corporation (MCBC) Releases Earnings Results Anchor Bancorp (ANCB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance Aperio Group LLC Has $25,045,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at William Blair SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc. BNP Paribas Downgrades Kingfisher plc (KGFHY) to Underperform Pointe Capital Management LLC Has $324,000 Stake in EnLink Midstream Partners, LP (ENLK) FedEx Corporation (FDX) EVP Robert B. Carter Sells 34,580 Shares FedEx Corporation (FDX) EVP Robert B. Carter Sells 34,580 Shares Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC) CEO Jason N. Gorevic Sells 100,000 Shares Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Chemring Group plc (CHG) Posted by William Strong on Jan 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Chemring Group plc (LON: CHG) recently: 1/20/2017 – Chemring Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 165 ($1.99) to GBX 170 ($2.05). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/20/2017 – Chemring Group plc had its “underweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 115 ($1.39) price target on the stock. 1/19/2017 – Chemring Group plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 192 ($2.32) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 175 ($2.11). 1/19/2017 – Chemring Group plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Panmure Gordon. They now have a GBX 190 ($2.29) price target on the stock. 1/5/2017 – Chemring Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at Panmure Gordon from GBX 175 ($2.11) to GBX 190 ($2.29). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/5/2017 – Chemring Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 155 ($1.87) to GBX 165 ($1.99). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 11/22/2016 – Chemring Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 145 ($1.75) to GBX 155 ($1.87). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 11/22/2016 – Chemring Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at Canaccord Genuity from GBX 135 ($1.63) to GBX 160 ($1.93). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. Chemring Group plc (LON:CHG) traded up 6.98% on Friday, hitting GBX 184.00. The stock had a trading volume of 481,250 shares. Chemring Group plc has a 12 month low of GBX 90.25 and a 12 month high of GBX 184.38. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 169.33 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 149.26. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a dividend of GBX 1.30 ($0.02) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.76%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. In related news, insider Andrew Lewis acquired 8,720 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 174 ($2.10) per share, for a total transaction of £15,172.80 ($18,304.74). Receive News & Ratings for Chemring Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemring Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for National Grid plc (NG) Next » Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC Invests $850,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Lifetime Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lifetime Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Annaly Capital Management Inc (NLY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Teranga Gold Corp (TGZ) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday CPFL Energia S.A. (CPL) Shares Bought by BlackRock Group LTD Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMN) Stake Boosted by BlackRock Group LTD Cytori Therapeutics Inc (CYTX) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Raised by Wedbush Groupon, Inc. (GRPN) Position Increased by Rhumbline Advisers INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) Shares Bought by Rhumbline Advisers Destination XL Group, Inc. (DXLG) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Reaffirms “Market Perform” Rating for CSX Corporation (CSX) NantKwest, Inc. (NK) Cut to Hold at Jefferies Group LLC Inditex (IDEXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research SEI Investments Company to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (SEIC) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Forecasted to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $3.14 Per Share FY2017 EPS Estimates for The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Increased by Analyst Bob Evans Farms, Inc. to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.46 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (BOBE) TripAdvisor, Inc. (TRIP) Shares Bought by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) Position Raised by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Reduces Position in Joy Global Inc. (JOY) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Simmons First National Corporation (SFNC) Lifetime Brands Inc. (LCUT) Stake Held by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan maintained its position in Lifetime Brands Inc. (NASDAQ:LCUT) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 28,300 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan owned about 0.20% of Lifetime Brands worth $381,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Lifetime Brands by 17.7% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 181,619 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,445,000 after buying an additional 27,270 shares during the period. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC boosted its position in Lifetime Brands by 0.3% in the third quarter. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC now owns 149,482 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,012,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in Lifetime Brands by 1.7% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 23,170 shares of the company’s stock valued at $338,000 after buying an additional 393 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Lifetime Brands by 97.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 357,380 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,214,000 after buying an additional 176,700 shares during the period. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in Lifetime Brands by 61.5% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 75,099 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,096,000 after buying an additional 28,600 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.70% of the company’s stock. Shares of Lifetime Brands Inc. (NASDAQ:LCUT) traded down 0.33% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $15.10. 13,762 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $17.45 and its 200-day moving average is $14.93. The firm has a market cap of $217.91 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.19 and a beta of 1.00. Lifetime Brands Inc. has a 1-year low of $11.50 and a 1-year high of $19.35. Lifetime Brands (NASDAQ:LCUT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 8th. The company reported $0.51 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.51. Lifetime Brands had a net margin of 2.05% and a return on equity of 7.67%. The firm earned $170.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $166.46 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.41 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Lifetime Brands Inc. will post $1.02 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.0425 per share. This represents a $0.17 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.13%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, January 30th. Lifetime Brands’s payout ratio is 20.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/21/lifetime-brands-inc-lcut-stake-held-by-municipal-employees-retirement-system-of-michigan.html. Several research analysts have commented on LCUT shares. TheStreet upgraded shares of Lifetime Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Sidoti cut shares of Lifetime Brands from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. In other news, President Daniel Siegel sold 8,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.24, for a total transaction of $150,850.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the president now directly owns 331,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,722,076.68. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Cherrie Nanninga sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.50, for a total transaction of $43,750.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 22,942 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $401,485. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 14,250 shares of company stock valued at $245,750 over the last ninety days. 21.82% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Lifetime Brands Lifetime Brands, Inc designs, sources and sells branded kitchenware, tableware and other products used in the home. The Company has three business segments: U.S. Wholesale, which designs, markets and distributes its products to retailers and distributors; International, which operates certain business operations that are conducted outside the United States, and Retail Direct, which markets and sells a limited selection of its products through its Pfaltzgraff, Mikasa, Built NY, Fred & Friends and Lifetime Sterling Internet Websites. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LCUT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Lifetime Brands Inc. (NASDAQ:LCUT). Receive News & Ratings for Lifetime Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lifetime Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Raises Stake in Comfort Systems USA Inc. (FIX) Next » DineEquity Inc. (DIN) Position Boosted by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Groupon Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Groupon Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Groupon Inc. (GRPN) Position Decreased by Leisure Capital Management January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Leisure Capital Management reduced its position in shares of Groupon Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN) by 0.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 85,206 shares of the coupon company’s stock after selling 443 shares during the period. Leisure Capital Management’s holdings in Groupon were worth $439,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Groupon by 0.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 28,272,685 shares of the coupon company’s stock worth $91,887,000 after buying an additional 97,566 shares in the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD purchased a new position in Groupon during the third quarter worth approximately $30,647,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Groupon by 81.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,786,548 shares of the coupon company’s stock worth $9,056,000 after buying an additional 1,246,957 shares in the last quarter. Credit Suisse AG raised its position in Groupon by 324.7% in the second quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 2,287,173 shares of the coupon company’s stock worth $7,434,000 after buying an additional 1,748,581 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its position in Groupon by 9.5% in the second quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 1,677,175 shares of the coupon company’s stock worth $5,451,000 after buying an additional 145,017 shares in the last quarter. 58.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Groupon Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN) traded down 1.71% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $3.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 7,312,951 shares. The firm’s market cap is $1.98 billion. Groupon Inc. has a 12 month low of $2.15 and a 12 month high of $5.94. The company has a 50-day moving average of $3.61 and a 200-day moving average of $4.46. Groupon (NASDAQ:GRPN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The coupon company reported ($0.01) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.02) by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $720.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $710.82 million. Groupon had a negative return on equity of 29.46% and a negative net margin of 6.03%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.05 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Groupon Inc. (GRPN) Position Decreased by Leisure Capital Management” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/groupon-inc-grpn-position-decreased-by-leisure-capital-management.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on GRPN. Wedbush upgraded shares of Groupon from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $4.50 to $6.50 in a research note on Monday, October 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Groupon from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $5.75 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. B. Riley restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $4.50 price objective on shares of Groupon in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Macquarie raised their price objective on shares of Groupon from $5.30 to $6.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Boenning Scattergood restated a “hold” rating on shares of Groupon in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. Groupon currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $4.91. In other news, insider James Sullivan sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $3.80, for a total transaction of $76,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 302,173 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,148,257.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CAO Brian Stevens sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $4.11, for a total value of $41,100.00. Following the sale, the chief accounting officer now directly owns 163,065 shares in the company, valued at $670,197.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 23.86% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Groupon Groupon, Inc operates online local commerce marketplaces throughout the world that connect merchants to consumers by offering goods and services at a discount. The Company operates through three segments: North America, which represents the United States and Canada; EMEA, which consists of Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and international operations (Rest of World). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GRPN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Groupon Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN). Receive News & Ratings for Groupon Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Groupon Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Jamie Dimon gets $1 million raise by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoneyInvest January 20, 2017: 9:13 AM ET Trump tapping top CEOs for advisory group JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon got a $1 million raise last year. Dimon, who was already the best paid Wall Street CEO in the prior year, received $28 million in total compensation for 2016. The bank disclosed in a filing Thursday that his base pay stayed unchanged at $1.5 million, but his bonus increased. JPMorgan shareholders likely won't have a problem with the raise, given the bank posted a record profit for the year of $24.7 billion, and the stock soared. Last year, 92% of JPMorgan Chase shareholders voted in favor of the bank's executive compensation package at its annual meeting. A year earlier, he faced something of a shareholder revolt, when 38% of them voted against Dimon's pay package. Also, 36% voted in favor of splitting Dimon's two positions as chairman and CEO of the company -- in effect asking for an independent chairman to lead the board of directors. Related Fast facts about Jamie Dimon JPMorgan (JPM) stock was up 29% last year, easily outpacing the broader market. The Trump market rally since the election has also been led by bank stocks, as investors are betting that Wall Street could be unshackled from the chokehold of regulations that were passed during the Obama administration. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 20, 2017: 9:13 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Spartan Motors Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spartan Motors Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Moors & Cabot Inc. Buys 27 Shares of Target Corporation (TGT) Westover Capital Advisors LLC Has $386,000 Position in E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) 63,863 Shares in Spartan Motors Inc. (SPAR) Acquired by Zacks Investment Management Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Management bought a new stake in shares of Spartan Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:SPAR) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 63,863 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $612,000. Zacks Investment Management owned 0.19% of Spartan Motors as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Cubist Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new position in Spartan Motors during the second quarter valued at approximately $103,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in Spartan Motors by 138.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 18,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 10,953 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. bought a new position in Spartan Motors during the second quarter valued at approximately $120,000. Smith Asset Management Group LP bought a new position in Spartan Motors during the second quarter valued at approximately $122,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Spartan Motors by 180.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 21,343 shares of the company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 13,743 shares during the period. 67.62% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Spartan Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:SPAR) traded down 0.60% during trading on Friday, reaching $8.30. The company had a trading volume of 112,712 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $9.12 and a 200-day moving average of $8.85. The company’s market cap is $285.54 million. Spartan Motors Inc. has a 12-month low of $2.77 and a 12-month high of $10.50. Spartan Motors (NASDAQ:SPAR) last released its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.03. Spartan Motors had a negative net margin of 0.30% and a positive return on equity of 3.85%. The business earned $148.66 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $147.30 million. The business’s revenue was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Spartan Motors Inc. will post $0.33 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “63,863 Shares in Spartan Motors Inc. (SPAR) Acquired by Zacks Investment Management” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/21/63863-shares-in-spartan-motors-inc-spar-acquired-by-zacks-investment-management.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered Spartan Motors from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Spartan Motors Company Profile Spartan Motors, Inc is an engineer and manufacturer in the heavy-duty, custom vehicles marketplace. The Company operates through three segments: Emergency Response Vehicles, Delivery and Service Vehicles, and Specialty Chassis and Vehicles. The Company’s Emergency Response Vehicles segment engineers and manufactures emergency response chassis, emergency response bodies and aerial equipment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SPAR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Spartan Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:SPAR). Receive News & Ratings for Spartan Motors Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spartan Motors Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Lowe’s Cos. (LOW) Position Lowered by Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. Next » Zacks Investment Management Acquires Shares of 25,169 HomeStreet Inc. (HMST) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: jpmorgan | junk bonds | donald trump | trade For JPMorgan, Buying Junk Bonds Is the Debt Market Trump Trade (Getty) Friday, 20 Jan 2017 08:52 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    JPMorgan Asset Management is boosting its holdings of high-yield debt on the expectation that President Donald Trump’s policies will fuel domestic growth and improve corporate earnings, strengthening the balance sheets of junk-rated companies. Following the election, the firm nearly tripled its exposure to junk bonds in its unconstrained debt fund, which permits shifts of that magnitude, and raised its exposure “meaningfully” across the board, according to Bob Michele, who oversees $470 billion as the chief investment officer and head of global fixed income, currency and commodities at the firm’s $1.8 trillion asset management arm. “This is historically the largest move we’ve ever made,” he said in an interview. The reallocation comes as many on Wall Street are sounding alarms that the junk bond rally has gone too far. The Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Index returned more than 17 percent in 2016 as yields fell steadily throughout the year -- and bullish sentiment since Nov. 8 has pushed them even lower. Strategists like Bank of America Corp.’s Michael Contopoulos have warned investors not to pile in to the crowded trade, especially as yields approach their all-time lows. Michele derived his take on Trump from what he considered common themes in his campaign speeches, interviews, post-election statements and cabinet picks. “When you listen to the rhetoric, its pro-business and pro-growth,” he said, pointing to Trump’s pledges of fiscal stimulus and deregulation as talking points that fit that mold. In JPMorgan’s $2.8 billion unconstrained debt fund net high-yield exposure now stands at 35 percent. To reach that level, Michele not only added new junk-rated assets but also closed out all of his credit hedges, leaving in place only hedges on interest rate risk. In addition to boosting its junk allocation after the election, JPMorgan revised its macro predictions more dramatically than ever before, Michele said. The firm raised its forecast for the probability of “above trend” growth to 65 percent from 10 percent and slashed its expectation for a recession to 5 percent from 25 percent. The firm’s managers expect high-yield overall will likely return between 8 percent and 10 percent in 2017, Michele said. The average expectation on Wall Street is less ebullient, between 4 percent and 6 percent.   © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis JPMorgan Asset Management is boosting its holdings of high-yield debt on the expectation that President Donald Trump's policies will fuel domestic growth and improve corporate earnings, strengthening the balance sheets of junk-rated companies.Following the election, the... jpmorgan, junk bonds, donald trump, trade 367 Friday, 20 Jan 2017 08:52 PM 2017-52-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hannover Rueck SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GasLog LP. (GLOG) Rating Increased to Outperform at Wells Fargo & Company Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) Shares Bought by Pointe Capital Management LLC Pointe Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Major Shareholder Silver Point Capital L.P. Sells 45,000 Shares Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC) Major Shareholder Trident Capital Fund Vi Lp Sells 250,000 Shares Patrick Industries, Inc. (PATK) Director Jeffrey L. Et Al Gendell Sells 17,517 Shares Sanofi (SNY) Position Held by SOL Capital Management CO Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Stake Lowered by South Texas Money Management Ltd. Stryker Corporation (SYK) Shares Sold by South Texas Money Management Ltd. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Raises GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Price Target to GBX 1,850 Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates First Merchants Corporation (FRME) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for ResMed Inc. Reduced by Analyst (RMD) ENSCO PLC (ESV) Debt Trading 1% Lower Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Bonds Rise 2.3% During Trading Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Bonds Rise 2.3% During Trading Markston International LLC Has $140,000 Position in St. Joe Company (The) (JOE) Markston International LLC Boosts Stake in Infinera Corporation (INFN) Pointe Capital Management LLC Has $416,000 Stake in Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (ODFL) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shares Sold by Pointe Capital Management LLC Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Hannover Rueck SE (NASDAQ:HVRRY) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “Hannover Rueckversicherung AG provides reinsurance services. The Company’s operations are divided into four segments: property and casualty reinsurance, life and health reinsurance, financial reinsurance and specialty insurance. Hannover, through its subsidiaries, transacts all lines of non-life and life/health reinsurance. It offers non-life reinsurance products, including specialty lines comprising aviation and space; credit, surety, and political risks; marine, including offshore energy; and structured reinsurance products, which include insurance-linked securities. Hannover Rueckversicherung AG is based in Hannover, Germany. “ Several other research firms have also weighed in on HVRRY. HSBC upgraded shares of Hannover Rueck SE from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Societe Generale lowered shares of Hannover Rueck SE from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Hannover Rueck SE from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Hannover Rueck SE presently has a consensus rating of “Hold”. Shares of Hannover Rueck SE (NASDAQ:HVRRY) traded up 0.02% during trading on Friday, hitting $54.35. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 481 shares. The company has a market cap of $13.11 billion and a PE ratio of 10.70. Hannover Rueck SE has a 52 week low of $47.75 and a 52 week high of $60.02. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $54.09 and its 200-day moving average price is $52.99. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/hannover-rueck-se-hvrry-stock-rating-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Hannover Rueck SE Company Profile Hannover Rueck SE is a reinsurance company. The Company operates through two segments: Property & Casualty reinsurance and Life & Health reinsurance. The Company under the Property & Casualty reinsurance segment is engaged in marine and aviation reinsurance, credit and surety reinsurance, business written on the London Market, as well as direct business and facultative reinsurance. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Hannover Rueck SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 228 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest EPA backs Flint residents' 24-year bias fight over dirt-spewing plant U.S. says the state of Michigan discriminated by not properly listening to complaints over a wood-fired plant in a black Flint neighorhood Post to Facebook EPA backs Flint residents' 24-year bias fight over dirt-spewing plant U.S. says the state of Michigan discriminated by not properly listening to complaints over a wood-fired plant in a black Flint neighorhood  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2jIBoxl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs EPA backs Flint residents' 24-year bias fight over dirt-spewing plant Niraj Warikoo , Detroit Free Press Published 8:19 p.m. ET Jan. 20, 2017 | Updated 9:24 p.m. ET Jan. 23, 2017 Genesee Power Station in Flint, Mich., is pictured Friday, May 23, 2003. (Photo: Jerry S. Mendoza, AP file photo) The federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has sided with Flint residents in a 24-year legal battle over whether the placement of a wood-fired plant in a neighborhood with many African-American residents was discriminatory. The agency is urging the State of Michigan to have a Non-Discrimination Coordinator to enforce discrimination law in environmental pollution and to address community concerns about "odor, fugitive dust, lead, or other impacts" from the Genesee Power Station in Flint. Related: DETROIT FREE PRESS MDEQ denies EPA claim that it discriminates against minorities DETROIT FREE PRESS JPMorgan pays $55M to settle mortgage discrimination lawsuit The letter, dated Thursday, was sent by the director of the external civil rights compliance office of the EPA,  under the Obama administration, to Rev. Philip Schmitter, of Christ the King Catholic Church, who filed the original complaint in 1992 against the state and local officials on behalf of the St. Francis Prayer Center. The 35-page letter blasts the state for, it says, ignoring compliance with federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, national origin, and other categories. It said the state discriminated against African Americans in Flint during the permit process from 1992-94. The letter said that the EPA had tried to work with the Michigan Department of Environmental Equality (MDEQ), but was unable to get them to make changes. The EPA civil rights compliance director, Lilian Dorka, gave a list of recommendations for the state environmental agency to comply with nondiscrimination requirements under law and to address community concerns about the plant. A spokesperson for the MDEQ could not immediately comment late Friday, but was working on a response.(Update: MDEQ responds to EPA letter, denying its claims of discrimination.)  A man who answered the phone at the power station said no one was available to comment late Friday. The EPA's recommendations included: Continue any current investigations and investigate any community concerns  Ensure a complaint and response system that enables residents to file complaints. The letter said in the past, the state didn't often make it clear how people could file discrimination or pollution complaints  "Ensure that all appropriate DEQ staff have been trained on its internal non-discrimination policies and procedures ..."  "Ensure its public involvement process is available to all persons regardless of race, color, national origin ... " After the initial complaint was filed in 1992, a lawsuit was filed in 1995 in Genesee County Circuit Court by the Flint chapter of the NAACP and others against state and local officials. In 1992, the plant got permission from the state to operate. It sat next to Carpenter Elementary School near Carpenter and Dort roads in Flint. Lead and other chemicals are emitted during the burning process, harming people in the neighborhood, say residents. "The facility will be emitting toxic metals, and those children are not there by choice," said Janice O'Neal, at the time an associate professor at C.S. Mott Community College, in a 1995 Free Press article about the lawsuit. "This area is predominantly black, low-income, with a disproportionate number of female-headed households. These people are at greater risk for all kinds of environmental exposures already. This ought to be taken into consideration in the siting process. If it's not, the process is racist." Thursday's letter doesn't appear to call for the plant to be shut down, but is aimed at persuading the state to make sure it allows minorities to be able to be involved in the public complaint processes. The EPA's letter comes as the Flint water crisis has also brought charges of environmental racism from some advocates who argue that because Flint is a black-majority and low-income city, it suffered from negligence from government officials. The Thursday letter came the day before Barack Obama left office, as the incoming Trump administration vows to roll back what they see as overregulation in departments like the EPA. Contact Niraj Warikoo: 313-223-4792 or nwarikoo@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @nwarikoo 228 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2jIBoxl
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Marathon Petroleum Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co. January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nippon Life Insurance Co. lowered its position in Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC) by 2.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 26,944 shares of the company’s stock after selling 640 shares during the period. Nippon Life Insurance Co.’s holdings in Marathon Petroleum Corp. were worth $1,094,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MPC. OLD Republic International Corp purchased a new stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $10,781,000. Stillwater Capital Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Stillwater Capital Advisors LLC now owns 173,086 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,026,000 after buying an additional 1,499 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 1.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 677,743 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,469,000 after buying an additional 9,421 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 0.6% in the second quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 270,116 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,254,000 after buying an additional 1,581 shares during the period. Finally, Foundry Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 7.1% in the third quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 194,201 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,883,000 after buying an additional 12,875 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 77.78% of the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC) traded up 0.81% on Friday, hitting $48.76. 5,033,234 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $49.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $43.59. Marathon Petroleum Corp. has a 12-month low of $29.24 and a 12-month high of $54.59. The stock has a market cap of $25.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.96 and a beta of 1.80. Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.23. The company earned $16.46 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $17.18 billion. Marathon Petroleum Corp. had a return on equity of 6.74% and a net margin of 1.84%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 11.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.76 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Marathon Petroleum Corp. will post $1.96 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/marathon-petroleum-corp-mpc-shares-sold-by-nippon-life-insurance-co.html. MPC has been the subject of a number of research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $46.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Scotiabank reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and set a $47.00 price target (up from $45.00) on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $54.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Bank of America Corp. set a $59.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Howard Weil upped their price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. from $45.00 to $47.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and three have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp. currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $53.57. About Marathon Petroleum Corp. Marathon Petroleum Corporation is engaged in petroleum product refining, marketing, retail and transportation businesses in the United States and the east of the Mississippi. The Company’s segments include Refining & Marketing, Speedway, and Midstream. Its Refining & Marketing segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks at its approximately seven refineries in the Gulf Coast and Midwest regions of the United States, purchases ethanol and refined products for resale and distributes refined products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MPC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC). Receive News & Ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co. January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nippon Life Insurance Co. lowered its position in Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC) by 2.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 26,944 shares of the company’s stock after selling 640 shares during the period. Nippon Life Insurance Co.’s holdings in Marathon Petroleum Corp. were worth $1,094,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MPC. OLD Republic International Corp purchased a new stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $10,781,000. Stillwater Capital Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Stillwater Capital Advisors LLC now owns 173,086 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,026,000 after buying an additional 1,499 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 1.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 677,743 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,469,000 after buying an additional 9,421 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 0.6% in the second quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 270,116 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,254,000 after buying an additional 1,581 shares during the period. Finally, Foundry Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. by 7.1% in the third quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 194,201 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,883,000 after buying an additional 12,875 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 77.78% of the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC) traded up 0.81% on Friday, hitting $48.76. 5,033,234 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $49.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $43.59. Marathon Petroleum Corp. has a 12-month low of $29.24 and a 12-month high of $54.59. The stock has a market cap of $25.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.96 and a beta of 1.80. Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.23. The company earned $16.46 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $17.18 billion. Marathon Petroleum Corp. had a return on equity of 6.74% and a net margin of 1.84%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 11.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.76 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Marathon Petroleum Corp. will post $1.96 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/marathon-petroleum-corp-mpc-shares-sold-by-nippon-life-insurance-co.html. MPC has been the subject of a number of research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $46.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Scotiabank reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and set a $47.00 price target (up from $45.00) on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $54.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Bank of America Corp. set a $59.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Howard Weil upped their price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp. from $45.00 to $47.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and three have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp. currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $53.57. About Marathon Petroleum Corp. Marathon Petroleum Corporation is engaged in petroleum product refining, marketing, retail and transportation businesses in the United States and the east of the Mississippi. The Company’s segments include Refining & Marketing, Speedway, and Midstream. Its Refining & Marketing segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks at its approximately seven refineries in the Gulf Coast and Midwest regions of the United States, purchases ethanol and refined products for resale and distributes refined products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MPC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:MPC). Receive News & Ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iRN4JV  −  6  =  one Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iRN4JV 5  −   =  0 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Trading Strategiesone response How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Editor's Note: Bill Patalon wrote the book on contrarian investing, literally, when he co-authored the 1998 bestseller, "Contrarian Investing." And as his paid up Private Briefing readers know, he's simply the best there is at "betting the other way" and winning - more than 217 double- and triple-digit peak gainers since 2011. So, right now - when the market pundits are overflowing with optimism and major indexes have only just stopped breaking all-time highs every other day - Bill thinks it's the perfect time to prepare for the worst and build a strategy that will keep your money safe and growing vigorously during downturns. He's going to show you how to do precisely that now... By William Patalon III, Executive Editor, Money Morning • January 20, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  two  =  one Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter William Patalon III We've just been through a very healthy post-election rally that pushed the S&P 500 up a bit more than 6%, as of this week. The history buffs out there, like me, will note the S&P 500's "Trump Bump" was a little less than twice as powerful as the 3.7% shot in the arm Franklin D. Roosevelt's election dealt the index, but a bit less than half as potent as the ripping 13.29% rocket ride Herbert Hoover's victory "catalyzed" on the S&P 500 between his election in 1928 and his swearing-in. But… we all know how that rally ultimately played out for investors of Hoover's day. At his inauguration on March 4, 1929, "the Great Engineer," as Hoover was called, could rightly boast of huge market gains. And of course barely eight months later, by Oct. 29, the U.S. stock market was a smoking ruin, closing the door forever on the Roaring 20s and lifting the curtain on the Great Depression. Now, I'm not saying we're in for a repeat performance. Not at all. But I am conscious of the history, and as a dyed-in-the-wool contrarian, I'm inclined to prepare for the worst, especially if the good times are rolling. Besides, I agree 100% with our Chief Investment Strategist, Keith Fitz-Gerald, when he says that, "Chance favors the prepared mind." So even if it's the farthest thing from your mind, there's no time like right now to take in a few of what we here at Money Map Press like to call "Downturn Lessons." They'll not only save you a lot of heartache when the weather changes, but you'll be in a much better position to make money at a time when nearly everyone else is losing it. So let me share them with you. Downturn Lesson No. 1: Don't Run for Cover Investors are lousy at predicting short-term market trends. Indeed, as I hinted just a moment ago, if you sell out in a bad market and miss the rebound (or even miss a handful of the "best" market days), your long-term returns plummet. If you invested $10,000 in the S&P 500 at the start of 1995 – and stayed fully invested to the end of 2014 – your average annual return would have been 9.85%… and your stake would have grown to $65,453, JPMorgan Asset Management said in its 2015 "Guide to Retirement." But if you missed just the market's 10 best days, your average annual return would plunge to 6.1% – and your portfolio would only be worth $32,665. In other words, missing those few days where stocks were stock cut your gains in half. It gets worse. Miss the 60 best days (you cash out, run to the sideline, and only reinvest after the market outlook becomes "clear"… meaning you dozed through most of the bull-market rebound), and your portfolio actually records an average annual loss of 3.84%. That $10,000 you invested? It's now worth $4,570 – after two decades in the market. Build yourself a nice "foundation" of investments with a long-term horizon. And augment that by looking for special-situation opportunities. That's a one-two punch that will really put you on Easy Street in the long run. Downturn Lesson No. 2: Keep Your Plan Updated Everyone should have a financial plan – a written document that outlines your financial goals… and details how you expect to achieve them. Be sure to assess whether you're behind, ahead, or right on schedule. Do a new assessment each quarter. Downturn Lesson No. 3: Reassess Your Tolerance for Risk During the "dot-com" boom, lots of historically conservative investors were making so much money that they ceased to be concerned that this was being done by using increasingly risky stocks. (I have a story to share on this… in a few minutes.) When that dot-com boom turned into the "dot-bomb" bust, lots of folks were positively horrified by the shellacking they took. A physical therapist friend of mine was so badly stung that he can't retire – and he continues to work today – in his late 60s, even though his health problems have left him virtually crippled and visually impaired. Don't get stung like that. Take the time to assess your risk tolerance. And be honest. How much volatility can you really stand? How will you feel if the big gainers you're sitting on fall back, eradicating a chunk of those gains? Do you have the emotional makeup to ride through a whipsaw market? What about a full-blown crash? Finally, has your risk tolerance changed – due to the change in your age, financial situation, new goals, or experience in the markets? Once you've answered those questions, make any changes you feel you need to make in order to feel more secure in such a potentially uncertain environment. Downturn Lesson No. 4: Ditch Your Dogs No, not your pets. In fact, during times of intense stress, studies show that pets can help you relax, and actually promote wellness. (And I love animals…) I'm talking about ditching your "doggy" investments – the stocks, funds, or other holdings that have cratered in value or have done nothing during this powerful bull market. By dumping those laggards, you help yourself in a bunch of ways. First, you reduce the odds for still-steeper losses. You raise capital for new profit opportunities and even create a "margin of safety" in your holdings. And if you put that cash to work in a better-performing investment, you also rev up your returns. Downturn Lesson No. 5: Harvest Some Tax Write-offs If you have losses in some of your mutual funds, stocks, or ETFs, you can save some money on your taxes but still stay invested pretty much as you were by executing what's known as a "tax swap." You lock in the capital losses by dumping the losing positions and purchasing positions in companies in similar industries or funds with similar investment mandates. If you do this, make sure to beware of the "wash-sale rule," which can disallow the tax break if you invest the sale proceeds in a "substantially identical" investment within 30 days of the sale (before or after). Let's say you have a stock that's a loser, but that you still like. And you worry it could pop during the 30-day stretch that you're "out" of it. Here's a neat trick a mentor of mine taught me years ago. Buy an equal position in the same stock… then wait 31 days or more and sell the first position. If the stock moves in the interim, you'll go along for the ride. Otherwise, you've booked a loss that can offset other gains, but are still in line to profit if the stock rallies. And you're in at a lower cost basis than the original position. Talk to your accountant before you make any of these moves. Downturn Lesson No. 6: Switch to an "Accumulate" Strategy Thanks to Wall Street's sell-side analyst community (and some popular investment shows on certain cable channels), we're trained to think in terms of "Buy, Sell, or Hold" when it comes to stocks. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… William Patalon III About the Author Browse William's articles | View William's research services Before he moved into the investment-research business in 2005, William (Bill) Patalon III spent 22 years as an award-winning financial reporter, columnist, and editor. Today he is the Executive Editor and Senior Research Analyst for Money Morning. With his latest project, Private Briefing, Bill takes you "behind the scenes" of his established investment news website for a closer look at the action. Members get all the expert analysis and exclusive scoops he can't publish... and some of the most valuable picks that turn up in Bill's closed-door sessions with editors and experts. … Read full bio (1) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: trading strategy Byron Mullen | January 20, 2017 Take a course from Dave Ramsey-Financial Peace University. Cut up all your credit cards or have only one and NEVER carry a balance to pay interest on. Get out of debt and stay out of debt. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website five  ×   =  fifteen Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 9136 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 KODK 0.00 (0.00%) 14.65 XRX 0.02 (0.29%) 6.98 VXX 0.20 (-1.04%) 18.97 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deere & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deere & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital One Financial Corporation Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Halcon Resources Corporation (HK) Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC) Position Maintained by Pettee Investors Inc. Alcoa Corp. (AA) Stake Held by Pettee Investors Inc. Equities Analysts Set Expectations for United Rentals, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (URI) First Business Financial Services Inc. Invests $491,000 in Public Storage (PSA) First Business Financial Services Inc. Holds Position in American Tower Corporation (REIT) (AMT) Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. Holds Stake in Fidelity and Guaranty Life (FGL) Moog Inc. (MOG.A) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Gazit-Globe Ltd. (GZT) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Tigress Financial First Business Financial Services Inc. Purchases 4,184 Shares of Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD) Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Stake Held by First Business Financial Services Inc. Omega Fund Management LLC Holds Position in Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (JUNO) Omega Fund Management LLC Has $21,992,000 Position in Egalet Corporation (EGLT) Omega Fund Management LLC Has $1,314,000 Stake in Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (DRNA) Decatur Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Tesoro Corporation (TSO) Intersil Corporation (ISIL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Staley Capital Advisers Inc. Raises Stake in KLX Inc. (KLXI) STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (STWD) Position Held by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Position Held by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. Davidson Investment Advisors Has $384,000 Stake in Deere & Co. (DE) January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Davidson Investment Advisors maintained its position in Deere & Co. (NYSE:DE) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,500 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Davidson Investment Advisors’ holdings in Deere & Co. were worth $384,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Hartford Financial Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Deere & Co. by 5.2% in the third quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. now owns 1,210 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. Jolley Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Deere & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Jolley Asset Management LLC now owns 1,225 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the last quarter. CWM LLC increased its position in shares of Deere & Co. by 94.6% in the third quarter. CWM LLC now owns 1,234 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Deere & Co. by 6.0% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 1,268 shares of the company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Signaturefd LLC increased its position in shares of Deere & Co. by 1.3% in the second quarter. Signaturefd LLC now owns 1,610 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the last quarter. 71.01% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Deere & Co. (NYSE:DE) traded up 1.64% during trading on Friday, hitting $106.74. The company had a trading volume of 2,843,948 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $103.69 and its 200 day moving average is $89.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $33.82 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.19 and a beta of 0.78. Deere & Co. has a 1-year low of $71.64 and a 1-year high of $107.03. Deere & Co. (NYSE:DE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 23rd. The company reported $0.90 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.50. The business had revenue of $6.52 billion for the quarter. Deere & Co. had a return on equity of 21.97% and a net margin of 5.72%. Deere & Co.’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.08 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Deere & Co. will post $4.49 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 30th will be paid a $0.60 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.25%. Deere & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 49.90%. WARNING: “Davidson Investment Advisors Has $384,000 Stake in Deere & Co. (DE)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/davidson-investment-advisors-has-384000-stake-in-deere-co-de.html. Several research analysts have commented on the company. Piper Jaffray Cos. raised Deere & Co. from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $70.00 to $100.00 in a research note on Monday, November 28th. TheStreet raised Deere & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of Deere & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Barclays PLC boosted their target price on Deere & Co. from $63.00 to $68.00 and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. downgraded Deere & Co. from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Deere & Co. currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $94.95. In other Deere & Co. news, insider Max A. Guinn sold 36,402 shares of Deere & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $102.94, for a total value of $3,747,221.88. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 55,427 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,705,655.38. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider John C. May II sold 18,614 shares of Deere & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $96.46, for a total value of $1,795,506.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 28,926 shares in the company, valued at $2,790,201.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 104,980 shares of company stock worth $10,622,568 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.75% of the company’s stock. Deere & Co. Company Profile Deere & Company is engaged in equipment operations and financial services. The Company operates through three business segments: agriculture and turf, construction and forestry, and financial services. The Company’s agriculture and turf segment primarily manufactures and distributes a full line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Deere & Co. (NYSE:DE). Receive News & Ratings for Deere & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deere & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EPR Properties - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Downgrades Seagate Technology PLC (STX) to Buy Vetr Inc. Downgrades Seagate Technology PLC (STX) to Buy Meredith Corporation (MDP) Trading 9% Higher Following Earnings Beat MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (MKTX) Trading 11.1% Higher on Earnings Beat Agrium Inc. (AGU) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Analyst Upgrade Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) Sets New 12-Month Low Following Weak Earnings Short Interest in Credit Suisse AG – VelocityShares Daily 2x VIX Short Term ETN (TVIX) Grows By 17.9% Short Interest in Tompkins Financial Co. (TMP) Drops By 0.2% Seven Generations Energy’s (VII) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank Of Canada Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (SC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) PT Lowered to C$32.00 Marine Products Corporation (MPX) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Lowered to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Yum China Holdings Inc. (YUMC) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Hold Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Hold Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $381,000 Position in EPR Properties (EPR) January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) by 1.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 4,841 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 61 shares during the period. Pacer Advisors Inc.’s holdings in EPR Properties were worth $381,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of EPR. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC raised its stake in EPR Properties by 0.3% in the second quarter. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 6,122 shares of the company’s stock valued at $494,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 0.5% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 10,980 shares of the company’s stock worth $886,000 after buying an additional 58 shares in the last quarter. Wade G W & Inc. raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 0.9% in the third quarter. Wade G W & Inc. now owns 6,624 shares of the company’s stock worth $522,000 after buying an additional 59 shares in the last quarter. FDx Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 1.1% in the second quarter. FDx Advisors Inc. now owns 6,918 shares of the company’s stock worth $558,000 after buying an additional 76 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital One National Association raised its stake in shares of EPR Properties by 1.7% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 5,640 shares of the company’s stock worth $444,000 after buying an additional 94 shares in the last quarter. 94.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) traded up 0.85% on Friday, reaching $73.85. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 200,804 shares. EPR Properties has a 52 week low of $56.35 and a 52 week high of $84.67. The company has a 50 day moving average of $71.67 and a 200 day moving average of $75.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.68 and a beta of 0.68. EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $1.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.21 by $0.02. The business earned $125.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $120.35 million. EPR Properties had a return on equity of 10.16% and a net margin of 46.29%. The business’s revenue was up 16.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.17 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that EPR Properties will post $3.11 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a feb 17 dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be given a $0.34 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 27th. This is a positive change from EPR Properties’s previous feb 17 dividend of $0.32. This represents a dividend yield of 5.51%. EPR Properties’s dividend payout ratio is 122.68%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $381,000 Position in EPR Properties (EPR)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/pacer-advisors-inc-has-381000-position-in-epr-properties-epr.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on EPR. Zacks Investment Research lowered EPR Properties from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. FBR & Co reissued a “marketperform” rating and set a $80.00 price target on shares of EPR Properties in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered EPR Properties from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $78.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $83.43. In related news, VP Tonya L. Mater sold 1,472 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.10, for a total value of $104,659.20. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 23,942 shares in the company, valued at $1,702,276.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Thomas B. Wright III sold 4,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.62, for a total value of $315,897.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 15,896 shares in the company, valued at $1,154,367.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 45,967 shares of company stock valued at $3,338,955 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 1.70% of the company’s stock. About EPR Properties EPR Properties (EPR) is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s investment portfolio includes entertainment, education and recreation properties. The Company operates in four segments: Entertainment, Education, Recreation and Other. The Company’s Entertainment segment consists of investments in megaplex theatres, entertainment retail centers, family entertainment centers and other retail parcels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR). Receive News & Ratings for EPR Properties Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (IPCC) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research iRadimed Corporation (IRMD) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research JetPay Corporation (JTPY) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Fidelity Southern Corporation (LION) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Given a $76.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Methanex Corporation (MEOH) PT Raised to $57.00 at RBC Capital Markets First Business Financial Services, Inc. (FBIZ) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Jerome L. Davis Sells 6,072 Shares of Apogee Enterprises, Inc. (APOG) Stock Zedge, Inc. (ZDGE) Director Acquires $87,951.57 in Stock GasLog Partners LP (GLOP) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) VP Robert Janssen Purchases 6,000 Shares of Stock Chesapeake Energy Corporation’s (CHK) Buy Rating Reiterated at Wunderlich Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Welch & Forbes LLC Has $2,010,000 Stake in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Bank of The Ozarks Decreases Stake in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Bank of The Ozarks Has $233,000 Position in PPL Corporation (PPL) Bank of The Ozarks Has $105,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corporation (RF) WealthTrust Fairport LLC Buys Shares of 35,483 Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stake Maintained by United Fire Group Inc. Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (PROV) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.08 EPS 5,855 Shares in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (MJN) Acquired by First Bank & Trust January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Bank & Trust acquired a new position in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE:MJN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 5,855 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $414,000. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in MJN. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its position in shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition by 14.0% in the second quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 132,485 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,023,000 after buying an additional 16,320 shares in the last quarter. BB&T Corp increased its position in shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition by 5.8% in the second quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 109,686 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,954,000 after buying an additional 6,015 shares in the last quarter. Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC increased its position in shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition by 10.7% in the second quarter. Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC now owns 16,171 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,468,000 after buying an additional 1,565 shares in the last quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB increased its position in shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition by 3.7% in the second quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 609,915 shares of the company’s stock worth $55,350,000 after buying an additional 22,012 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Enterprise Financial Services Corp increased its position in shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition by 21,645.5% in the second quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp now owns 2,392 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,000 after buying an additional 2,381 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 94.44% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE:MJN) traded down 0.01% on Friday, hitting $74.84. 1,382,101 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $13.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.81 and a beta of 1.40. Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. has a one year low of $65.53 and a one year high of $94.40. The company’s 50 day moving average is $71.83 and its 200 day moving average is $79.18. Mead Johnson Nutrition (NYSE:MJN) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.87 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.86 by $0.01. Mead Johnson Nutrition had a net margin of 13.26% and a negative return on equity of 119.05%. The business had revenue of $937.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $933.43 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.77 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. will post $3.44 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 6th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 23rd were given a $0.4125 dividend. This represents a $1.65 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.20%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 21st. Mead Johnson Nutrition’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 61.34%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “5,855 Shares in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (MJN) Acquired by First Bank & Trust” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/5855-shares-in-mead-johnson-nutrition-co-mjn-acquired-by-first-bank-trust.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on MJN. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $88.00 price target (up previously from $85.00) on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition in a report on Friday, October 21st. cut shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition from an “outperform” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $77.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, October 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $90.00 to $75.00 in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Citigroup Inc. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 price objective on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $97.00 price objective on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition in a research note on Friday, September 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mead Johnson Nutrition presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $86.62. In other Mead Johnson Nutrition news, Director Anna C. Catalano sold 656 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $74.99, for a total value of $49,193.44. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 8,796 shares in the company, valued at $659,612.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.50% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Mead Johnson Nutrition Mead Johnson Nutrition Company (Mead Johnson) is a pediatric nutrition company. The Company manufactures, distributes and sells infant formulas, children’s nutrition and other nutritional products. The Company operates through three segments: Asia, North America/Europe and Latin America. Its product portfolio includes routine and specialty infant formulas, children’s milks and milk modifiers, dietary supplements for pregnant and breastfeeding mothers, pediatric vitamins, and products for pediatric metabolic disorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MJN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE:MJN). Receive News & Ratings for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northrop Grumman Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE:NOC)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating restated by equities research analysts at Robert W. Baird in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $260.00 target price on the stock. Robert W. Baird’s price target indicates a potential upside of 12.02% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms have also issued reports on NOC. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Northrop Grumman Corp. from $250.00 to $265.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Wells Fargo & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Northrop Grumman Corp. in a report on Monday, November 14th. Vetr raised Northrop Grumman Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $251.18 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Barclays PLC raised Northrop Grumman Corp. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $230.00 to $270.00 in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $243.00 target price on shares of Northrop Grumman Corp. in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. Northrop Grumman Corp. presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $245.58. Shares of Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE:NOC) traded down 0.12% on Friday, hitting $232.11. 864,523 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $40.91 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.81 and a beta of 0.66. The company’s 50 day moving average is $234.96 and its 200 day moving average is $225.28. Northrop Grumman Corp. has a one year low of $175.00 and a one year high of $253.80. Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE:NOC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $3.35 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.81 by $0.54. Northrop Grumman Corp. had a net margin of 8.96% and a return on equity of 34.10%. The business had revenue of $6.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $2.75 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Northrop Grumman Corp. will post $11.68 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, December 21st. Stockholders of record on Monday, December 5th were issued a dividend of $0.90 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 1st. This represents a $3.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.55%. Northrop Grumman Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is 30.72%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/northrop-grumman-corp-noc-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-robert-w-baird.html. In related news, VP Christopher T. Jones sold 240 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $248.85, for a total value of $59,724.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 47,060 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,710,881. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP Denise M. Peppard sold 2,015 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $229.50, for a total value of $462,442.50. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 37,284 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,556,678. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 39,782 shares of company stock valued at $9,097,198. 0.90% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. FMR LLC raised its stake in Northrop Grumman Corp. by 69.2% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,262,441 shares of the company’s stock valued at $947,455,000 after buying an additional 1,742,969 shares during the period. Capital International Investors raised its stake in Northrop Grumman Corp. by 57.7% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 1,799,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $399,926,000 after buying an additional 658,300 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Northrop Grumman Corp. by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in Northrop Grumman Corp. by 97.7% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 662,755 shares of the company’s stock valued at $141,797,000 after buying an additional 327,493 shares during the period. Finally, The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new stake in Northrop Grumman Corp. during the third quarter valued at $68,502,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.69% of the company’s stock. About Northrop Grumman Corp. Northrop Grumman Corporation (Northrop Grumman) is a global security company. The Company provides systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers (C4), intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike aircraft, and logistics and modernization to Government and commercial customers across the world. Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) James P. Gorman Sells 284,827 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Stock Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) Chairman James P. Gorman sold 284,827 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.30, for a total value of $12,048,182.10. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 1,346,700 shares in the company, valued at approximately $56,965,410. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded up 0.33% during trading on Friday, reaching $42.59. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 10,779,621 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $79.76 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.58 and a beta of 1.90. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $42.94 and a 200-day moving average price of $34.72. Morgan Stanley has a 52 week low of $21.16 and a 52 week high of $44.60. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.16. The company earned $9 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.51 billion. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. The business’s revenue was up 16.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.43 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Morgan Stanley will post $3.37 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, January 27th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.88%. Morgan Stanley’s dividend payout ratio is presently 27.40%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “James P. Gorman Sells 284,827 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Stock” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/21/james-p-gorman-sells-284827-shares-of-morgan-stanley-ms-stock.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Barclays PLC restated an “equal weight” rating and set a $48.00 price target on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Friday, January 13th. CLSA restated a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 price target on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $45.00 price target on Morgan Stanley and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Societe Generale upgraded Morgan Stanley from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seventeen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $36.73. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. MCF Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 0.6% in the third quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 4,176 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. First Manhattan Co. increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 2.4% in the third quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 4,294 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Buckingham Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 0.4% in the first quarter. Buckingham Capital Management Inc. now owns 35,092 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $878,000 after buying an additional 138 shares in the last quarter. Savant Capital LLC increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 1.4% in the third quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 10,526 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $337,000 after buying an additional 150 shares in the last quarter. Finally, SOUTH STATE Corp increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 0.4% in the third quarter. SOUTH STATE Corp now owns 49,548 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,589,000 after buying an additional 202 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.79% of the company’s stock. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company is a global financial services firm that, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, advises, and originates, trades, manages and distributes capital for, governments, institutions and individuals. Its segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Holds Position in Nautilus Inc. (NLS) Next » Sprint Corp. (S) Position Maintained by DnB Asset Management AS Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Jacobi Capital Management LLC Has $571,000 Position in Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. (BK) January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Jacobi Capital Management LLC held its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. (NYSE:BK) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 14,202 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. were worth $571,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in BK. Analytic Investors LLC raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. by 506.4% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 293,601 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,709,000 after buying an additional 245,181 shares during the last quarter. UBS Group AG raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. by 18.1% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 1,862,952 shares of the company’s stock worth $74,295,000 after buying an additional 284,876 shares during the last quarter. HBK Investments L P purchased a new stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. during the third quarter worth $10,453,000. Two Sigma Securities LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. during the third quarter worth $368,000. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. by 645.1% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 356,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,224,000 after buying an additional 308,797 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.24% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. (NYSE:BK) traded down 0.62% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $44.56. 13,056,536 shares of the stock traded hands. Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. has a 12-month low of $32.20 and a 12-month high of $49.54. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $47.63 and its 200-day moving average price is $42.97. The stock has a market cap of $47.11 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 1.30. Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. (NYSE:BK) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.77. The business earned $3.79 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.85 billion. Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. had a net margin of 21.65% and a return on equity of 9.66%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.68 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. will post $3.50 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 10th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.19 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 27th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.71%. Bank Of New York Mellon Corp.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 25.68%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/jacobi-capital-management-llc-has-571000-position-in-bank-of-new-york-mellon-corp-bk.html. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on BK. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods lowered shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $47.50 to $49.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Barclays PLC raised their price objective on shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. from $48.00 to $55.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Raymond James Financial Inc. upgraded shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. upgraded shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $49.50. In other Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. news, Vice Chairman Thomas P. Gibbons sold 79,022 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, October 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.20, for a total transaction of $3,413,750.40. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 439,610 shares in the company, valued at approximately $18,991,152. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Mitchell E. Harris sold 28,779 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, October 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.55, for a total transaction of $1,253,325.45. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 166,196 shares in the company, valued at $7,237,835.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 338,843 shares of company stock worth $14,297,911 over the last quarter. 3.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon) is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes credit-related services; the leasing portfolio; corporate treasury activities, including its investment securities portfolio; its equity interest in ConvergEx Group; business exits, and corporate overhead. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. (NYSE:BK). Receive News & Ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mack-Cali Realty Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mack-Cali Realty Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $632,000 Stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (CLI) January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Louisiana State Employees Retirement System lowered its position in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (NYSE:CLI) by 2.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 23,200 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 600 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. were worth $632,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC raised its stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. by 48.2% in the third quarter. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC now owns 94,603 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,575,000 after buying an additional 30,767 shares in the last quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D bought a new stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. during the third quarter worth $681,000. First Manhattan Co. raised its stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. by 72.3% in the third quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 455,569 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $12,400,000 after buying an additional 191,230 shares in the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. during the third quarter worth $740,000. Finally, Fisher Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. by 3.6% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 349,005 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9,500,000 after buying an additional 12,050 shares in the last quarter. Shares of Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (NYSE:CLI) traded up 0.42% during trading on Friday, hitting $28.46. The stock had a trading volume of 322,841 shares. The stock has a market cap of $2.55 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.39 and a beta of 1.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $28.42 and its 200-day moving average price is $27.36. Mack-Cali Realty Corp. has a one year low of $17.35 and a one year high of $29.38. Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (NYSE:CLI) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.56 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.55 by $0.01. Mack-Cali Realty Corp. had a net margin of 11.60% and a return on equity of 4.10%. The firm earned $157.52 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $157.45 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Mack-Cali Realty Corp. will post $0.74 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Investors of record on Thursday, January 5th were issued a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, January 3rd. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.11%. Mack-Cali Realty Corp.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 76.92%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $632,000 Stake in Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (CLI)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system-has-632000-stake-in-mack-cali-realty-corp-cli.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on CLI. Zacks Investment Research lowered Mack-Cali Realty Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Mack-Cali Realty Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $31.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. downgraded Mack-Cali Realty Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $32.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Friday, December 9th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mack-Cali Realty Corp. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $29.00. About Mack-Cali Realty Corp. Mack-Cali Realty Corporation is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns and operates a real estate portfolio of Class A office and office/flex properties located primarily in the Northeast. The Company’s segments include commercial and other real estate, multi-family real estate, multi-family services, and corporate & other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CLI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mack-Cali Realty Corp. (NYSE:CLI). Receive News & Ratings for Mack-Cali Realty Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mack-Cali Realty Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Diageo PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diageo PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Peel Hunt Boosts John Menzies plc (MNZS) Price Target to GBX 630 Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Renault Sa Unspon (RNLSY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades PennantPark Investment Corporation (PNNT) to Hold Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Expected to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($0.22) Per Share Stifel Nicolaus Increases Ixia (XXIA) Price Target to $20.00 QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Bank AG Downgrades Alumina Limited (AWCMY) to Sell American Water Works (AWK) Position Increased by Aperio Group LLC Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Sells 64 Shares of Consolidated Edison Inc (ED) Lincoln National Corporation (LNC) Position Cut by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Acquires 6,456 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Has $1,493,000 Position in Astronics Corporation (ATRO) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Position Cut by Welch & Forbes LLC Achaogen, Inc. (AKAO) Earns “Buy” Rating from Guggenheim Airgain, Inc. (AIRG) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Wealthsource Partners LLC Acquires New Position in Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) Position Cut by Wealthsource Partners LLC Wealthsource Partners LLC Reduces Stake in Intuit Inc. (INTU) Diageo PLC (DEO) Shares Sold by Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT reduced its stake in Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO) by 2.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 5,568 shares of the company’s stock after selling 164 shares during the period. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT’s holdings in Diageo PLC were worth $646,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in DEO. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI raised its stake in Diageo PLC by 3.0% in the second quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI now owns 900 shares of the company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its stake in Diageo PLC by 1.2% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 1,050 shares of the company’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 12 shares in the last quarter. Integrated Wealth Management raised its stake in Diageo PLC by 2.4% in the second quarter. Integrated Wealth Management now owns 1,158 shares of the company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in Diageo PLC by 198.5% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,224 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 814 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Jolley Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Diageo PLC by 3.2% in the third quarter. Jolley Asset Management LLC now owns 1,277 shares of the company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 40 shares in the last quarter. 13.50% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO) traded down 0.03% during trading on Friday, reaching $107.34. 1,246,688 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Diageo PLC has a 52-week low of $99.46 and a 52-week high of $117.84. The company has a market capitalization of $67.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.76 and a beta of 0.78. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $104.56 and its 200-day moving average price is $109.48. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/21/diageo-plc-deo-shares-sold-by-bradley-foster-sargent-inc-ct.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Diageo PLC in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Diageo PLC in a research note on Wednesday, October 5th. Macquarie assumed coverage on shares of Diageo PLC in a research note on Monday, November 28th. They set an “underperform” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Diageo PLC in a research note on Friday, December 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Diageo PLC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, December 16th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $141.21. Diageo PLC Company Profile Diageo PLC is an alcoholic beverage company. The Company operates in various categories, including spirits and beer. Its geographic segments include North America; Europe, Russia and Turkey; Africa; Latin America and Caribbean, and Asia Pacific. Its principal products includes Scotch whisky, Gin, Vodka, Rum, Beer, Irish Cream Liqueur, Wine, Raki, Tequila, Canadian Whisky, American Whiskey, Progressive Adult Beverages, Cachaca, Brandy and Ready to Drink. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Diageo PLC (NYSE:DEO). Receive News & Ratings for Diageo PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diageo PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous SignalPoint Asset Management LLC Increases Stake in Empire District Electric Company (The) (EDE) Next » Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Reduces Position in TCF Financial Corp. (TCB) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spectra Egy Ptr - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spectra Egy Ptr with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Spectra Egy Ptr (SEP) Receives Outperform Rating from RBC Capital Markets January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance Tweet Spectra Egy Ptr (NYSE:SEP)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at RBC Capital Markets in a report issued on Friday. They presently have a $56.00 price target on the stock, down from their previous price target of $58.00. RBC Capital Markets’ target price suggests a potential upside of 24.53% from the company’s current price. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on SEP. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Spectra Egy Ptr from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Citigroup Inc. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Spectra Egy Ptr in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wolfe Research began coverage on shares of Spectra Egy Ptr in a report on Friday, October 7th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $44.00 target price on the stock. Finally, US Capital Advisors raised shares of Spectra Egy Ptr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $53.43. Spectra Egy Ptr (NYSE:SEP) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.80 by $0.04. Spectra Egy Ptr had a return on equity of 10.00% and a net margin of 46.49%. The business earned $628 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $665.42 million. Spectra Egy Ptr’s quarterly revenue was up 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Spectra Egy Ptr (SEP) Receives Outperform Rating from RBC Capital Markets” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/spectra-egy-ptr-sep-receives-buy-rating-from-rbc-capital-markets.html. In other Spectra Egy Ptr news, CEO Gregory L. Ebel purchased 8,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 17th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $41.58 per share, for a total transaction of $332,640.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 22,295 shares in the company, valued at approximately $927,026.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Gregory L. Ebel purchased 8,529 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $41.67 per share, for a total transaction of $355,403.43. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 12,895 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $537,334.65. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders acquired 19,029 shares of company stock worth $793,718. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of SEP. American Century Companies Inc. raised its position in Spectra Egy Ptr by 37.6% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 3,334,416 shares of the company’s stock valued at $157,318,000 after buying an additional 910,672 shares during the period. Hamlin Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Spectra Egy Ptr during the second quarter valued at about $39,802,000. Allianz Asset Management AG acquired a new position in Spectra Egy Ptr during the second quarter valued at about $38,885,000. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Spectra Egy Ptr during the second quarter valued at about $34,434,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Spectra Egy Ptr by 82.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,165,088 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,903,000 after buying an additional 527,744 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 18.97% of the company’s stock. Spectra Egy Ptr Company Profile Spectra Energy Partners, L.P., through its subsidiaries and equity affiliates, is engaged in the transmission, storage and gathering of natural gas, the transportation and storage of crude oil, and the transportation of natural gas liquids (NGLs). The Company’s segments include U.S. Transmission, Liquids and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Spectra Egy Ptr Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spectra Egy Ptr and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 US business in Ireland Stormont crisis Trump presidency Brexit Home»Business EU ethics watchdog Emily O’Reilly opens ECB probe Saturday, January 21, 2017 Francesco Canepa, Frankfurt The EU’s ethics watchdog led by Emily O’Reilly has opened an inquiry into the participation of ECB president Mario Draghi and senior ECB officials in the work of an exclusive group that includes bankers and fund managers. The European Ombudsman’s probe relates to ties between ECB officials and the Group of Thirty, a private organisation where policymakers, economists, bankers, and fund managers meet behind closed doors to discuss economic and monetary affairs. Ties between the ECB and financial sector firms have been in the spotlight since 2015, when a top official discussed the bank’s money-printing plans at a private event with hedge funds. The inquiry was triggered by a complaint by activist group Corporate Europe Observatory, which says proximity between ECB officials and the G30 is incompatible with Frankfurt’s role as the eurozone’s top banking watchdog.  Members of the G30 include several former and current central bankers, including Bank of England governor Mark Carney and Bank of Japan’s Haruhiko Kuroda, as well as Nobel prize winner Paul Krugman.  But it also includes the chairmen of several commercial banks, such as JP Morgan’s Jacob A Frenkel and UBS’s Axel Weber. Ombudsman Ms O’Reilly, who watches for lapses in ethics or transparency at European institutions and can make non-binding recommendations, is now asking the ECB to hand over documents illustrating its ties with the group. “As a first step in my inquiry, I would ask that the ECB facilitate an inspection of all relevant ECB-held documents which will help my office gain a fuller understanding of the extent and range of the ECB’s overall involvement with the G30,” she said in a letter to Mr Draghi. Mr Draghi has been a member of the G30 since 2006, when he was still the governor of the Bank of Italy. “The treaty requires the ECB to maintain a dialogue with external stakeholders,” an ECB spokesperson said. “We see [the G30] as a relevant forum to engage with, always remembering that we have a range of rules and instruments in place to avoid apparent or potential conflicts of interest.” A similar complaint lodged by the same activist group in 2012 was rejected by then-ombudsman Nikiforos Diamandouros. Reuters READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS business, ecb, Mario Draghi © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Glanbia and Tesco put focus on big food deals Circle Oil assets sold off Sales froth goes flat at US Starbucks Ireland primed to be EU digital ‘centre of excellence’ Breaking Stories €50m to be invested into Westport House Google said to be planning a budget model of the Pixel England, Scotland and Wales are getting their own flag emoji Twitter introduces Explore as a new hub for Moments and live video Lifestyle Watch the Elie Saab Show at Paris Fashion week for all the latest couture trends Ask Audrey has been sorting out Cork people for years Children write and illustrate new Irish history book Calling all writers to Cork literary gathering More From The Irish Examiner How to throw the ultimate Chinese New Year party Dublin college pranksters wrap everything in mate's bedroom in tinfoil! Speidi and Jessica are officially out of the CBB house This #CuteAnimalTweetOff between zoos will brighten even the bleakest of weeks Scientists have created the first human-pig hybrid Google said to be planning a budget model of the Pixel Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Double Dragon 4 out next week Star Wars Episode 8 titled The Last Jedi Microsoft HoloLens sales “in the thousands” Lotto Results Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8 12 13 16 19 24 15 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Border duty allowance for 710 soldiers ‘absolute madness’, says Alan Kelly A 10-year-old boy got photobombed by a shark and it's pretty terrifying Plans revealed for 300th anniversary of one of Cork’s oldest churches Paddy brings the country pub to the heart of Limerick city Petrol station that sold €88m EuroMillions ticket runs out of celebratory cut-price fuel Disingenuous Dylan Hartley a dangerous disgrace A sporting essay: Eimear Ryan on the fear of winning and much more Donald Trump has revealed where the money for the Mexico border wall is going to come from 'Trump will get rid of you,' man rages in 'attack' on Muslim woman at JFK That awkward moment when the White House can't spell Theresa May's name NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Glanbia and Tesco put focus on big food deals Circle Oil assets sold off SPORT Conor O’Shea on mission to get Italians respected It's win or bust for First Division clubs LIFESTYLE Trend of the week: Shirt and jeans, the perfect couple Back to the future - how 60s changes in design still influences furniture today     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 21 2017 Save Print 'The Europe of tomorrow': far right rally in Germany after Trump inauguration Rainer Buergin and Helene Fouquet facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Berlin: Hours after Donald Trump's swearing-in as US president, across the Atlantic in Germany some of his radical European cheerleaders have gathered in a bid to emulate his route to power. Far-right nationalists including French National Front leader Marine Le Pen and Geert Wilders of the Dutch Freedom Party were among those  in the western German town of Koblenz on Saturday seeking to build election momentum of their own by denouncing the European Union, its shared currency and immigration. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Christmas comes early for France's Le Pen Christmas comes early for France's Le Pen France's far right politician Marine Le Pen visits Paris' biggest Christmas market as polls show her topping the first round of the 2017 election. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next Trump: Brexit 'wonderful' for UK Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Trump: Brexit 'wonderful' for UK Trump: Brexit 'wonderful' for UK In a joint news conference at the White House with British Prime Minister Theresa May, U.S. President Donald Trump says he thinks Brexit will be "wonderful" for the UK. Up Next Plane crashes into river during Australia Day celebrations Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:33 Video duration 00:33 Plane crashes into river during Australia ... Plane crashes into river during Australia Day celebrations A light plane crashes into the Swan River killing the two people on board during Australia Day celebrations in Perth. Up Next Holocaust artifacts found at former Nazi camp Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:50 Video duration 00:50 Holocaust artifacts found at former Nazi ... Holocaust artifacts found at former Nazi camp Over 3,000 recently uncovered items, mostly belonging to victims of Sobibor Nazi death camp, are put on display. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'useless' wall Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:04 Video duration 01:04 Former Mexican president slams Trump's ... Former Mexican president slams Trump's 'useless' wall Outspoken ex-Mexican President Vicente Fox tells Reuters that U.S. President Donald Trump needs to be checked, blasting his plan for a border wall as a waste of money. Up Next The world is moving closer to catastrophic peril, scientists say Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:46 Video duration 00:46 The world is moving closer to ... The world is moving closer to catastrophic peril, scientists say Scientists have moved the hands of their metaphorical 'Doomsday' clock closer to midnight, warning of the increasing threats of nuclear weapons and climate change. More videos Christmas comes early for France's Le Pen France's far right politician Marine Le Pen visits Paris' biggest Christmas market as polls show her topping the first round of the 2017 election. "We are living through the end of one world, and the birth of another," Ms Le Pen told the gathering in this city on the Rhine River. Whereas a meeting of this sort would once have been dismissed as a sideshow, Europe's anti-establishment parties are drawing inspiration from Mr Trump's unexpected rise and the surprise victory of Brexit supporters in last year's EU referendum in Britain. Related Content The domino effect Dutch politician Geert Wilders found guilty of hate speech With Europe facing an unprecedented year of elections culminating in Germany in September, Ms Le Pen and her political allies are spearheading the most sustained challenge to Europe's status quo since the end of the Cold War. "The Koblenz meeting is a marker for the nationalist and populist parties to tell Europe they are the alternative to the pro-market, pro-EU liberal right," said Jean-Yves Camus, a political scientist at the French Institute for International and Strategic Affairs. "They believe that with Trump and Brexit, the moment to boost their profile has come." Advertisement Ms Le Pen is the French presidential election's first-round front-runner in a poll published this week, while Mr Wilders' anti-Islam, anti-EU party may win the most seats in Dutch parliamentary elections on March 15. Both are scheduled to address the rally, along with Frauke Petry, co-leader of the anti-euro Alternative for Germany party, and Italy's Northern League chief Matteo Salvini. The goal of Koblenz "is to decide the contours of the Europe of tomorrow, the Europe of sovereignty and liberty, to replace this monstrosity that is the European Union", Ms Le Pen said on Friday in a Radio Classique interview. "What unites us is the rejection of the laissez-faire and complacency of the EU, with its borders totally open to imports and migrants." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Dutch Freedom Party leader Geert Wilders, left, and French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen enjoy a selfie with Marcus Pretzell while his wife, Alternative for Germany leader Frauke Petry, stands to one side after a summit of European far-right leaders in Koblenz. Photo: AP The political and market risks posed by Europe's elections were a topic at this year's World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon said he had hoped EU leaders would examine what caused Britain to vote to leave the EU and then make changes. That hasn't happened, and if politicians such as Ms Le Pen rise to power, "the euro zone may not survive", he said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Anti-fascist demonstrators hold up a banner declaring 'They're back!' showing photos of dictators and fascists from the 20th century alongside some of the European leaders attending the meeting in Koblenz. Photo: DPA via AP For all the usual caveats about polling errors, surveys suggest that Ms Le Pen, the daughter of National Front founder Jean-Marie Le Pen, is in the lead ahead of the election's first round on April 23, though no poll has yet suggested she could win the runoff on May 7. She had between 25 per cent and 26 per cent support, with Republican candidate Francois Fillon second at 23 per cent to 25 per cent, according to a Le Monde poll of voter intentions. In the Netherlands, polls suggest Mr Wilders' party would get between 29 and 34 of the 150 seats in parliament. However, his chances of becoming prime minister are limited as almost all of the larger parties have ruled out coalitions with the Freedom Party. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Frauke Petry (left) and Marine Le Pen speak to the media at the Koblenz conference. Photo: Getty Images Angela Merkel, a Christian Democrat who has led Europe's biggest economy for more than 11 years, is running for a fourth term as German chancellor in September. Spurred by the arrival of more than 1 million refugees in the country since 2015, the Alternative for Germany, or AfD, is polling ahead of the Greens and the anti-capitalist Left Party, suggesting it would be the third-biggest party in parliament behind the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats if elections were held now. Sponsored by the Europe of Nations and Freedom group of parties, the Koblenz rally is being held in a city at the confluence of the Rhine and Moselle rivers that is known for a monument to Prussian king William I, who was crowned emperor of a united Germany in Versailles in 1871 after his army defeated France. Nowadays, the statue serves as a symbol of Germany's peaceful east-west reunification after the fall of the Berlin Wall. Bloomberg, New York Times Related Content Trump fans prejudice, UN human rights boss Angela Merkel allies warn of Trump effect The far right after Trump and Berlin: it's not enough to denounce populism Advertisement Most Popular Donald Trump, Theresa May vow close ties as split surfaces over Russia Trump freezes refugee program and orders new vetting for entry Donald Trump could 'do something mad' and provoke war, says ex-military commander As Trump calls voter fraud probe, his daughter registered in two states Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Donald Trump, Theresa May vow close ties as split surfaces over Russia As Trump calls voter fraud probe, his daughter registered in two states Border wall to be funded by 20 per cent tax on Mexican imports: White House Trump's voter fraud investigation leaves even his allies dumbfounded Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing CBOE Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBOE Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Holds Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Agilent Technologies, Inc. (A) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 262,946 Shares of United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR) Celgene Corporation (CELG) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI) Shares Sold by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Has $228,000 Stake in Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (STRM) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) W.P. Carey Inc. (WPC) Shares Sold by OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $544,000 Position in KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Takes Position in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $480,000 Stake in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) United Services Automobile Association Decreases Position in CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Zynga Inc. (ZNGA) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Advisers LP Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Position Reduced by Two Sigma Advisers LP ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Advisers LP Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 United Services Automobile Association Decreases Stake in Education Realty Trust Inc. (EDR) United Services Automobile Association Boosts Stake in AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) United Services Automobile Association Sells 6,890 Shares of Mistras Group Inc (MG) HighTower Advisors LLC Buys 1 Shares of Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Sells 30,000 Shares of CBOE Holdings Inc. (CBOE) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet State of Tennessee Treasury Department lowered its stake in shares of CBOE Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:CBOE) by 60.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 20,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 30,000 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department’s holdings in CBOE Holdings were worth $1,297,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Steinberg Global Asset Management bought a new stake in CBOE Holdings during the second quarter valued at $203,000. Summit Securities Group LLC bought a new stake in CBOE Holdings during the third quarter valued at $206,000. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC raised its stake in CBOE Holdings by 53.4% in the second quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 3,204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $213,000 after buying an additional 1,115 shares during the last quarter. Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new stake in CBOE Holdings during the third quarter valued at $220,000. Finally, Raymond James & Associates raised its stake in CBOE Holdings by 2.2% in the second quarter. Raymond James & Associates now owns 3,609 shares of the company’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 76 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 75.22% of the company’s stock. Shares of CBOE Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:CBOE) traded up 1.17% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $76.64. The company had a trading volume of 692,855 shares. CBOE Holdings Inc. has a 52 week low of $58.43 and a 52 week high of $77.29. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $74.48 and its 200-day moving average price is $69.06. The company has a market capitalization of $6.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.89 and a beta of 0.62. CBOE Holdings (NASDAQ:CBOE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, October 28th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.02. CBOE Holdings had a return on equity of 73.40% and a net margin of 29.92%. The business had revenue of $456.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $159.44 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.76 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 16.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that CBOE Holdings Inc. will post $2.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “State of Tennessee Treasury Department Sells 30,000 Shares of CBOE Holdings Inc. (CBOE)” was published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/20/state-of-tennessee-treasury-department-sells-30000-shares-of-cboe-holdings-inc-cboe.html. Several research firms recently weighed in on CBOE. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CBOE Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $85.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded CBOE Holdings from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price target for the company from $78.00 to $84.00 in a report on Friday, December 2nd. Jefferies Group reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 target price on shares of CBOE Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. Royal Bank Of Canada lowered CBOE Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $78.00 to $68.00 in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods increased their target price on CBOE Holdings from $65.00 to $71.50 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.56. In other news, CEO Edward T. Tilly sold 6,250 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.79, for a total value of $479,937.50. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 67,361 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,172,651.19. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.96% of the company’s stock. CBOE Holdings Company Profile CBOE Holdings, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s principal business is operating markets that offer for trading options on various market indexes (index options), on an exclusive basis and futures contracts, as well as on non-exclusive multiply listed options, such as options on the stocks of individual corporations (equity options), and options on other exchange-traded products (ETP options), such as exchange-traded funds (ETF options) and exchange-traded notes (ETN options). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CBOE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CBOE Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:CBOE). Receive News & Ratings for CBOE Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBOE Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Acquires Shares of 82,500 Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Next » Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Raises Dividend to $0.25 Per Share Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer’s roadmap to finding stocks that will thrive in a new political world Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 20 Jan 2017 | 6:52 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer’s roadmap to finding stocks that will thrive in a new political world    Friday, 20 Jan 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 08:29 Now that Donald Trump has officially been sworn in as president, Jim Cramer will be using a new metric to evaluate companies. It all comes down to whether a stock is or isn't a Trump stock. Cramer expects Trump's agenda of deregulation, lower corporate taxes and repatriation of foreign assets to have a significant impact on the economy and stock market. On the flipside, when Trump has a problem with a company, he's not afraid to Tweet what is on his mind—something that will put certain industries under fire. "You will feel a whole lot more comfortable owning the Trump stocks than the non-Trump variety," the "Mad Money" host said. Nicholas Kamm | AFP | Getty Images President Donald Trump waves as he arrives in front of the White House for the presidential inaugural parade on January 20, 2017 in Washington, DC. "If the oil the gas industry had a wish list for what their ideal government would look like, you are looking at it." -Jim Cramer The stocks that will benefit the most from Trump's legislative agenda are those that will benefit enormously from deregulation, such as banks and energy stocks. The Obama administration was focused on fighting climate change, which was good for the environment but bad for the fossil fuel business. Trump's position is the polar opposite. More importantly, Cramer said the former real estate mogul will have the most pro-petroleum cabinet in history. "If the oil the gas industry had a wish list for what their ideal government would look like, you are looking at it," Cramer said. Cramer's top picks were the pipeline plays, since they can make money even if the price of crude keeps falling, like Magellan Midstream and oil service company Schlumberger. Banks will also benefit from deregulation. Cramer also believes that the President's agenda will jump start the economy and the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates, with banks being the chief beneficiary. Cramer's top picks were Bank of America, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs. Anything that is directly connected to stronger employment will do well, too, given that Trump has given job creation his top priority. That means payroll processors like Paychex and ADP will do well and Cintas, because more hiring means more uniforms. Companies with large amounts of cash overseas are potential Trump stocks, like Apple. Infrastructure and defense contractors were on Cramer's list as well. As for stocks that Cramer thinks will struggle under Trump, the pharmaceutical industry could be under Trump's tweeting microscope. He has said repeatedly that he wants to roll back many of the recent drug price increases. A possible repeal of Obamacare without a replacement could hurt healthcare and drug stocks. Investors should also worry about any American company that makes things overseas and then exports them back to the U.S. "Put it all together, though, and there is a lot more Trump stocks than there are non-Trump stocks," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MMP --- GS --- SLB --- AAPL --- ADP --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home General International news The Margin Get email alerts $4.6 billion Meitu app proves Warren Buffett would be an amazing anime character By Sally French Published: Jan 20, 2017 6:14 p.m. ET Share Meitu is quickly rising up the charts of Apple’s App Store as photo editing apps gain in popularity By SallyFrench Social media editor & Drone Reporter Chinese photo-editing app Meitu 1357, -0.11%   has been around for years, but if you’re seeing a sudden uptick in the anime-style images in your newsfeeds, you’re not alone. Meitu, Inc. is quickly gaining buzz in the U.S. for its app that gives Snapchat-like filters to portraits of people. The app bills itself as a “one touch photoshop for enhancing your beauty,” bringing an anime-like look to selfies. Users simply upload a photo and can either manually edit it or select from one of the filters, with names like “Angelic,” “Fairy Tale,” “Petals” or “Mermaid.” As of Thursday morning, Meitu ranks No. 30 in the Apple AAPL, +0.01%   App Store. For context, it was ranked 973 overall as of Saturday, according to research firm App Annie. The app is available on both iPhone and Android devices. And while the app has been downloaded about 230,000 times, downloads for this Tuesday, Jan. 17 were 12x greater than what they were the previous Tuesday, according to mobile insights firm Sensor Tower. Meitu’s apps had a total of more than 456 million monthly active users in December, according to Bloomberg, and its users create more than 6 billion photos every month. Meitu makes similar photo-editing apps including Meipai and BeautyPlus. Of course, that was before the app went viral in the U.S., prompting users to edit photos of themselves, or celebrities and politicians. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh god no!!!!!!!! pic.twitter.com/Pr6QqifSDB— Chris Person (@Papapishu) January 18, 2017 The company behind the app, which is valued at $4.6 billion, went public in Hong Kong in December, making it Hong Kong’s largest technology initial public offering in nearly a decade. Meitu’s stock is down 2.7% since its IPO. It turns out, Warren Buffett looks BRK.A, -0.26%  incredible in anime-form. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen looks equally intimidating and adorable. Here’s JPMorgan Chase JPM, +0.21%  Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon with the “Blossoms” filter. Elon Musk TSLA, +0.17%  may have his eyes set on space, but we put him under the sea with this “Mermaid” filter. It’s hard to say what CEO Marissa Mayer will do if Yahoo is sold to Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, +0.98% but one thing is clear: she makes a great anime character with this “Angelic” filter. Microsoft MSFT, +2.35%  CEO Satya Nadella is pictured here modeling the “Petals” filter. Who wore the “Mermaid” filter better — Elon Musk, or Bill Ackman? Say what you will about what is to come with Brexit, but Prime Minister Theresa May is living in a “Fairy Tale” with this filter. More from MarketWatch Workplace Humor Doesn't Always Make You Look Smart Trump Pushes ‘Major Border Tax’ to Keep Jobs in U.S. President Trump's Inaugural First Dance Quote References 1357 -0.01 -0.11% AAPL +0.01 +0.01% BRK.A -640.01 -0.26% JPM +0.18 +0.21% TSLA +0.44 +0.17% VZ +0.48 +0.98% MSFT +1.51 +2.35% Show all references Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like Sally French Sally French covers drone technology and serves as a social media editor for MarketWatch in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter @SAFMedia. MarketWatch Partner Center Sally French Sally French covers drone technology and serves as a social media editor for MarketWatch in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter @SAFMedia. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Meitu Inc. Hong Kong: 1357 HK$8.99 -0.01 (-0.11%) Volume 4.1M Open HK$9.00 High HK$9.05 Low HK$8.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 38.0B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $121.95 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 20.1M Open $122.14 High $122.35 Low $121.60 P/E Ratio 14.75 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 641.1B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $246,999.99 -640.01 (-0.26%) Volume 145 Open $247,420 High $247,500 Low $245,360 P/E Ratio 17.45 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 407.0B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.4B Tesla Motors Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $252.95 +0.44 (+0.17%) Volume 3.1M Open $251.38 High $253.00 Low $248.52 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 40.7B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $49.60 +0.48 (+0.98%) Volume 18.2M Open $49.35 High $49.73 Low $49.27 P/E Ratio 15.4 Div Yield 4.66 Market Cap 200.2B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $65.78 +1.51 (+2.35%) Volume 43.5M Open $65.39 High $65.91 Low $64.89 P/E Ratio 31.63 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 499.7B LatestNews
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Morgan Stanley Lifts Gorman’s 2016 Pay 7.1% to $22.5 Million by Anders Melin @melinanders More stories by Anders Melin and Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son January 20, 2017, 4:17 PM EST January 20, 2017, 4:37 PM EST James Gorman Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg Morgan Stanley boosted Chief Executive Officer James Gorman’s 2016 compensation 7.1 percent to $22.5 million after the firm made progress toward financial targets and its stock rose by a third. Gorman, 58, received restricted stock valued at about $5 million based on Wednesday’s closing price, according to a regulatory filing Friday. His $22.5 million package also included $1.5 million in salary, said Mark Lake, a company spokesman. The New York-based firm will report other components of Gorman’s pay package in coming months. Last year, Gorman moved the firm closer to financial targets by cutting expenses, improving bond-trading results and boosting companywide returns. Return on equity climbed to 8 percent, almost reaching the 9 percent to 11 percent goal for the end of this year. The stock posted its biggest annual gain since 2013, with much of it happening after Donald Trump’s election as U.S. president spurred investor hopes for higher interest rates, lower taxes and lighter regulation. Gorman’s pay for 2015 was $21 million, down 6.7 percent from the prior year. He typically receives at least half of his compensation in the form of restricted shares. Some vest over time depending on the bank’s return on equity and stock performance relative to the S&P Financials Index, while the remainder vests over three years regardless of financial results. Part of his cash payouts also have been deferred over three years. Gorman on Thursday sold 284,827 shares worth about $12 million, according to the filing. In November, he sold shares and exercised stock options for a net gain of about $10 million, regulatory filings show, his first sale since joining the bank a decade earlier. JPMorgan Chase & Co., the biggest U.S. bank, said Thursday that it increased CEO Jamie Dimon’s pay for 2016 by 3.7 percent to $28 million. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. on Friday awarded restricted stock to some senior managers, but didn’t disclose pay figures for CEO Lloyd Blankfein, Chief Financial Officer Harvey Schwartz and former President Gary Cohn. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
