Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Hedge Funds Risk Treasuries Wipeout After Bearish Bets Soar by Brian Chappatta @BChappatta More stories by Brian Chappatta and Liz McCormick @mccormickliz More stories by Liz McCormick January 22, 2017, 7:00 PM EST January 23, 2017, 3:00 PM EST Leveraged funds boosted short positions to record this month JPMorgan says ‘real money’ should buy after backup in yields Why There's a Showdown Looming in the Treasury Market There’s a big showdown looming in the U.S. Treasury market. The “fast money,” made up of hedge funds and other speculators, upped its bearish bets like never before this month, based on futures data for five-year notes. At the same time, “real-money” accounts, composed of institutional buyers like mutual funds and insurers, did the opposite and built up their bullish positions in much the same way. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter What will happen, especially in the era of Donald Trump, is anyone’s guess. But for JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jay Barry, the speculators are sowing their own demise. While Treasuries have suffered five straight months of losses, fast-money investors tend to be reliable contrarian indicators whenever they crowd together. More than 75 percent of the time, the market moves the other way over the following month, his figures show. The recent backup in yields is already starting to lure long-term investors back into Treasuries. “I’m surprised the speculative data remains as short as it does,” said Barry, a U.S. fixed-income strategist at JPMorgan. The disparity isn’t just a difference of opinion. In important ways, it reflects deeper questions about the direction of the U.S. economy. Some investors see President Trump as a game-changer, whose spending plans will unleash growth (which has failed to top 3 percent in any year since the recession ended in 2009) and spur higher borrowing costs. Others see demographics, high debt levels and income inequality as structural reasons for growth to remain subpar. Read the bond market’s not-so-subtle message to Donald Trump Barry says investors should buy five-year notes because they’re currently a better value than shorter- or longer-dated U.S. securities. Winning Strategy? Since early July, yields on five-year Treasuries have roughly doubled to 1.87 percent. Much of the selloff has occurred since November, when Trump’s upset victory in the presidential election led to speculation his policies will result in faster inflation and more interest-rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. Leveraged funds that use borrowed money to boost returns see even more losses ahead. As of Jan. 10, their short positions -- futures that pay off if five-year notes lose value -- exceeded longs by a record 1.1 million contracts, data compiled by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission show. While it’s been the winning strategy over the past several months, institutional buyers are undaunted. Not only did they boost their long positions for five-year notes to an all-time high this month, but they’ve also stepped up bullish bets on 10- and 30-year Treasuries as well. (Most recent data as of Jan. 17 showed a slight pullback in both institutional net longs and leveraged net shorts.) When real-money investors do go all-in, they tend to overwhelm the fast-money crowd because of their sheer size. In the end, “real money always wins,” said Tom di Galoma, the managing director of government trading and strategy at Seaport Global Holdings. “Speculators tend to get taken out. We’ve seen this occur several times in the last 10 to 15 years, where everybody thinks rates are too low.” Count Prudential Financial Inc.’s Robert Tipp among those in the real-money camp who are taking advantage of the recent selloff. He predicts the bond market’s hysteria over Trump’s proposals to stimulate growth will subside and prompt investors who abandoned Treasuries to return. Wading In “It seems like the bulk of opinion is still leaning toward higher rates,” said Tipp, head of global bonds at Prudential’s PGIM fixed-income division, which oversees more than $650 billion. “I’m dubious.” The firm has been paring its holdings of corporate bonds and adding longer-maturity government debt. A shift back into Treasuries may already be starting. Fixed-income managers who oversee a combined $225 billion held 24.7 percent of their assets in U.S. government debt in the week through Jan. 17, according to a client survey from Stone & McCarthy Research Associates. That’s higher than the average of 24.2 percent in 2016. However, signs of even a slightly more aggressive Fed can still make the bearish trades worthwhile. Last week, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said rates could rise “a few times a year” from now through 2019. That caused five-year yields to soar by the most since the central bank raised rates Dec. 14. In the past, the Fed has been notorious for being too confident about growth and the pace of rate increases. Jason Evans, co-founder of hedge fund NineAlpha Capital LP and the former head of U.S. government bond trading at Deutsche Bank AG, believes this time the central bank will stick by its projections and lift rates three times in 2017. “It’s understandable that there’s going to be a little ebb and flow,” said Evans, who said his firm put on short positions this month. Even so, “we’ll have higher yields later this year. We at least know the direction we’re heading in.” Trump Factor Traders have raised their expectations in the wake of Trump’s victory. The Fed’s effective rate will reach 1.12 percent in a year’s time, based on overnight index swaps. That implies about two more increases in 2017. The day before the election, traders were pricing in a rate of 0.69 percent. Regardless, JPMorgan’s Barry says the fast money should exercise caution when it comes to bets on higher yields. It’s not a foregone conclusion Congress will rubber-stamp all of Trump’s stimulus plans -- which include infrastructure spending, tax cuts and reduced regulation -- as fast as the markets expect. And there’s no guarantee they will immediately translate into higher growth. There’s a risk “when you lean positions too far in one direction,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Jan 23 2017. 02 11 PM IST Green Investment Bank, Oman SGRF eye stake in Leap Green Energy State General Reserve Fund of Oman’s interest follows Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pitch for investment during his Saudi visit in August 2016 Subscribe to our newsletter. Reghu BalakrishnanUtpal Bhaskar Photo: Bloomberg Mumbai/New Delhi: State General Reserve Fund of Oman (SGRF) and UK Green Investment Bank Plc. (GIB) are in separate talks to acquire a stake in JPMorgan-backed Leap Green Energy Pvt. Ltd, four people familiar with the development said. SGRF manages the oil and gas revenues of the energy-rich Oman and has a diversified portfolio in 25 countries. GIB is UK government owned and finances green projects. Mint reported on 18 August 2015 that JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc., the investment arm of JPMorgan Chase and Co., plans to sell half its stake in Leap Green Energy. “SGRF is interested in acquiring a stake in Leap Green. JPMorgan has been looking for a buyer for some time now,” said one of the four people cited above, requesting anonymity. A second person, one of the four cited above, who also didn’t wish to be identified, confirmed SGRF’s interest in acquiring a stake in Leap Green. SGRF’s interest comes in the backdrop of sovereign wealth funds from West Asia developing an interest in the Indian clean energy space following Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pitch for investment during his UAE visit in August. Dubai’s sovereign wealth fund, Investment Corp. of Dubai through its subsidiary Dubal Holding Llc is scouting for investments in an Indian renewable energy platform, Mint reported on Thursday. ALSO READ | Investment Corp. of Dubai eyes India renewable energy investments JPMorgan holds about 75% stake in Leap Green Energy, acquired in tranches since 2010. Leap Green Energy, founded in 2006, is promoted by former Formula 1 driver Narain Karthikeyan’s family. JPMorgan has a total investment of about $100 million in Leap Green Energy. “GIB has also evinced interest for a minority stake in Leap Green Energy,” said a third person, requesting anonymity. Established in 2012, GIB invests through five funds including a £200 million fund dedicated for India and African nations. “JPMorgan has no immediate plans to offload control stake. While JPMorgan will sell part stake, promoter will raise primary money through stake dilution,” said a fourth person who also didn’t wish to be identified. According to information available on SGRF’s website, Oman India Joint Investment Fund, an India-focused private equity fund, has raised $220 million for its second fund and is targeting a corpus of $300 million by the end of 2017. Experts say that more foreign investors coming to the Indian green energy sector is good news for the industry. “Indian power sector is seeing continued and enthusiastic response from international investors post the development in cleaning up the distribution sector,” said Sambitosh Mohapatra, partner, energy, PwC India. In the meantime, the UK government is all set to sell GIB to Macquarie Group Ltd and the deal is expected to close soon. The sale of the Edinburgh-based bank is on track to be completed before the end of March, in line with the deadline the government set when it announced the privatization this year, Bloomberg reported last month. While a JPMorgan spokesperson declined to comment, Rajeev Karthikeyan, managing director of Leap Green Energy didn’t respond to phone calls and a message left on his cellphone. A message left in his office also remained unanswered. Queries sent to SGRF, UK Green Investment Bank and Macquarie Group remained unanswered. GIB could be valued at as much as £4.2 billion ($5.2 billion), including investments that the new owners will be expected to make over the next three years, Bloomberg reported citing Shaun Kingsbury, the bank’s chief executive. Recent large deals in the Indian clean energy space include Tata Power Co. Ltd buying the entire 1.1 gigawatt renewable energy portfolio of Welspun Energy Ltd for $1.4 billion and Hyderabad-based Greenko Energies Pvt. Ltd, backed by Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund GIC Holdings Pte. and Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, acquiring SunEdison’s Indian assets for $392 million last year. Reghu BalakrishnanUtpal Bhaskar Topics: Leap Green Energystake saleOman SGRFGreen Investment BankJPMorgan More From Livemint READ MORE Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore First Published: Mon, Jan 23 2017. 04 50 AM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore Demonetisation in-principle was good, but didn’t work: Bimal Jalan Aditya Birla Group to invest Rs7,000 crore in Andhra Pradesh over next two years Mint On Sunday How India chased off the run-chase blues Why Kamaraj does not have to wake up early this year The humanity of intelligence Dangal: Do we celebrate a father like this? A sushi master’s five simple rules for not embarrassing yourself Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business Monday January 22, 2017 4:01 PM Miami startup offers car washes on demand that save water, too WashMyWhip co-founders Nathan Bekerman, left, and Tarek El Gammal are based at The LAB Miami in Wynwood. WashMyWhip is an on-demand, eco-friendly car-care service. Through the WashMyWhip app, a client can drop a pin on a car’s location, select a service, and a WashPro will tend to the vehicle at a time and location of the client’s choosing. WashMyWhip doesn’t use water to wash the car. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@miamiherald.com Fidel Miranda, hiring manager of WashMyWhip, works on a car at WashMyWhip in Wynwood. WashMyWhip is an on-demand, eco-friendly car-care service. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@miamiherald.com Left to right, Tarek El Gammal and Nathan Bekerman, owners of WashMyWhip, photographed at The LAB Miami in Wynwood. WashMyWhip is an on-demand, eco-friendly car-care service. Through its app, a client can drop a pin on a car’s location, select a service, and a WashPro will tend to the vehicle at a time and location of the client’s choosing. WashMyWhip doesn’t use water to wash the car. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@miamiherald.com Product used by WashMyWhip to wash autos is shown at The LAB Miami in Wynwood. WashMyWhip is an on-demand, eco-friendly car care service. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@miamiherald.com 1 of 4 i By Nancy Dahlberg ndahlberg@miamiherald LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Company name: WashMyWhip Headquarters: The LAB Miami Concept: WashMyWhip is an on-demand, eco-friendly car-care service. Through the WashMyWhip app, you can drop a pin on your car’s location and select a service, and a WashPro will tend to your vehicle at a time of your choosing. Story: Imagine telling your JPMorgan bosses you’re leaving a high-finance career to start a car-wash company. “They thought I was crazy,” Nathan Bekerman said. “But my years at JPMorgan taught me how to execute and run a business.” He and Tarek El Gammal, who was also working at JPMorgan, as well as Ryan Serkes, “the computer guy,” believed there was something lacking in car-washing: consumer convenience. It also disturbed them that car-wash employees were typically being overworked and underpaid. Add to that the frightening figure that a traditional car wash can waste 50 to 100 gallons of water, and you have an industry in dire need of a makeover, they thought. Their solution: WashMyWhip. “We believe that everyone deserves to have quality car care right at their fingertips. Why would you take the time to drive to a car wash when you can launch an app and have a trained professional tend to your car whenever and wherever you want? The convenience and satisfaction of our customers is our utmost concern,” Bekerman, the CEO, said. “If they’re happy, we’re happy.” Imagine telling your JPMorgan bosses you’re leaving a high-finance career to start a car-wash company. WashMyWhip’s “WashPros” have the ability to manage a flexible schedule and earn both salary and commission-based pay. “We feel that these car-wash experts don’t deserve the working conditions of other car washes and can find a more pleasant working experience with WashMyWhip,” Bekerman said. A graduate of Bentley University, he worked at JPMorgan for 5 1/2 years before starting WashMyWhip. Water conservation is key, Bekerman said. Instead of gallons and gallons of water, WashMyWhip uses a waterless car wash service that consists of lubricants that raise the dirt, clay that breaks it down, and wax that makes sure a car stays shiny and protected. The service was launched last summer, and so far, the company has cleaned more than 5,000 cars without wasting 250,000 to 500,000 gallons of water. A reservation can be made sun-up to sundown daily via the free app (iOS or Android). An outside cleaning is $20, inside and out is $30, and full detailing is $120. Our goal is to eventually expand to other car services, such as battery and tire changes, wiper blade replacements and windshield replacements. Nathan Bekerman, CEO of WashMyWhip But where WashMyWhip sees real opportunity is with corporate clients that manage fleets of cars, and it has developed a web application that can manage their inventory for car care, which is tailored to them. WashMyWhip has already secured a partnership with Xchange Leasing, an Uber company, as its preferred car-cleaning provider, and has begun expanding into other major cities such as Atlanta, Philadelphia and New York. “Our goal is to eventually expand to other car services, such as battery and tire changes, wiper blade replacements and windshield replacements,” Bekerman said. Where did the name “WashMyWhip” come from? In the early days of automobiles, a car’s steering wheel was called a whip, alluding to horse and buggy days, the team said. Who knew? Launched: April 2016 Website: www.washmywhip.com/cities/miami Management team: CEO: Nathan Bekerman; COO: Tarek El Gammal; CTO: Ryan Serkes. Number of employees: 40 Financing: More than $225,000 in funding to date Recent milestones reached: Acquired Xchange Leasing (an Uber company) as a partner; expanded into Philadelphia and Atlanta with wmwFleets (the fleet servicing arm of WashMyWhip); was a finalist in the Global Mobile Challenge for the U.S. and Canada. Biggest startup challenge: Educating the consumer about its waterless car-cleaning service. Next step: Expand into other markets while continuing to partner with local businesses in South Florida to grow its foothold. Strategy for next step: WashMyWhip now offers a comprehensive solution for businesses that own/operate large fleets. The startup plans to continue partnering with car dealerships and car-rental agencies to grow wmwFleets to a national level and leverage that to expand the WashMyWhip app. Follow @ndahlberg on Twitter. Read more Startup Spotlights Sociallybuzz refocuses to help other small businesses grow Never miss storytime: App bridges the miles to connect families for reading, learning Why Shark Tank bet on these Jerks who make filet mignon jerky How a trip to the Congo inspired a skincare startup One juicy story: Caribe Exotic offers tastes of the tropics Would you wear business jammies? Fashion startup creates ultra comfy work clothes Product used by WashMyWhip to wash autos is shown at The LAB Miami in Wynwood. WashMyWhip is an on-demand, eco-friendly car care service. Roberto Koltun rkoltun@miamiherald.com i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Monday Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:42 Are you up for the Challenge? Pause 2:38 President-elect Trump shares an update on the White House transition and his policy plans 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 1:57 Group fights to preserve Miami's Little Havana section 2:11 Protesters erupt at downtown government center in Miami 0:37 Protestors demand entry to a sealed-off lobby at Miami-Dade's County Hall 1:09 Cargo shipment from Cuba arrives at Port Everglades 0:36 Naika Venant's mother: I have to bury my baby Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 0:41 11 days ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 1:39 6 months ago Historic Overtown Visitor Center tries to redefine the perception of Overtown 1:26 6 months ago Tropical Everglades Visitor Center has served more than 2 million people View more video Business Monday Think big and enter the 2017 Business Plan Challenge 2017 Business Plan Challenge rules and guidelines Investors, startups to share tips for success at free 2017 Business Plan Bootcamp Patience and prudence tested at the Federal Reserve Will Trump end crackdown on dirty cash in luxury real estate? Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco De Chile - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco De Chile with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 1,869 Shares of Banco De Chile (BCH) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp cut its position in Banco De Chile (NYSE:BCH) by 9.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 18,211 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,869 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp’s holdings in Banco De Chile were worth $1,226,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of BCH. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Banco De Chile by 8,242.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,090 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,000 after buying an additional 6,017 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Banco De Chile by 38.9% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,458 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 688 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its position in shares of Banco De Chile by 2.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 69,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,447,000 after buying an additional 1,710 shares during the last quarter. Thomas White International Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Banco De Chile by 14.0% in the second quarter. Thomas White International Ltd. now owns 11,831 shares of the company’s stock worth $759,000 after buying an additional 1,450 shares during the last quarter. Finally, AXA boosted its position in shares of Banco De Chile by 2.8% in the second quarter. AXA now owns 14,854 shares of the company’s stock worth $953,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.35% of the company’s stock. Banco De Chile (NYSE:BCH) traded up 0.49% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $71.66. The company had a trading volume of 27,391 shares. Banco De Chile has a 12 month low of $55.01 and a 12 month high of $72.79. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $69.69 and its 200-day moving average price is $68.01. The stock has a market cap of $11.66 billion, a PE ratio of 13.27 and a beta of 0.61. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 1,869 Shares of Banco De Chile (BCH)” was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/mitsubishi-ufj-trust-banking-corp-sells-1869-shares-of-banco-de-chile-bch.html. BCH has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Banco De Chile from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, October 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Banco De Chile from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 price target on shares of Banco De Chile in a report on Friday, January 13th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $73.40. About Banco De Chile Banco de Chile is a privately owned bank. The Company is a full-service financial institution that provides, directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries and affiliates, a range of lending and non-lending products and services to all segments of the Chilean financial market. Its core business is commercial banking in Chile, providing traditional banking products and specialized financial services to its customer base of individuals and companies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BCH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Banco De Chile (NYSE:BCH). Receive News & Ratings for Banco De Chile Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco De Chile and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. (RDY) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its position in shares of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. (NYSE:RDY) by 21.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 29,529 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 5,158 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp’s holdings in Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories were worth $1,371,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in RDY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories by 56.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 274,172 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,727,000 after buying an additional 99,401 shares during the last quarter. Airain ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories during the second quarter worth about $663,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories by 113.9% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 275,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,775,000 after buying an additional 146,578 shares during the last quarter. Community Financial Services Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories by 1.7% in the third quarter. Community Financial Services Group LLC now owns 95,548 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,436,000 after buying an additional 1,590 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D raised its stake in shares of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories by 475.1% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 140,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,540,000 after buying an additional 116,400 shares during the last quarter. 16.03% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. (NYSE:RDY) traded up 0.69% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $43.50. The stock had a trading volume of 339,624 shares. The company has a market cap of $7.21 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 46.72 and a beta of 0.61. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. has a one year low of $40.67 and a one year high of $54.73. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $45.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.06. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/dr-reddys-laboratories-ltd-rdy-shares-bought-by-mitsubishi-ufj-trust-banking-corp.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on RDY shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, October 24th. TheStreet raised Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 14th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $51.45. About Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited is a pharmaceutical company that is engaged in providing medicines. The Company operates in three segments: Global Generics, Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (PSAI), and Proprietary Products. The Global Generics segment includes manufacturing and marketing prescription and over-the-counter finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RDY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. (NYSE:RDY). Receive News & Ratings for Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endologix Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endologix Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Swiss National Bank Decreases Stake in Endologix Inc. (ELGX) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Swiss National Bank decreased its stake in Endologix Inc. (NASDAQ:ELGX) by 3.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 120,600 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,300 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank owned about 0.15% of Endologix worth $1,544,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. increased its position in Endologix by 2.1% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 29,828 shares of the company’s stock valued at $382,000 after buying an additional 608 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Endologix by 1.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 32,972 shares of the company’s stock valued at $422,000 after buying an additional 608 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its position in Endologix by 15.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 10,333 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 1,407 shares during the period. FDx Advisors Inc. increased its position in Endologix by 18.7% in the second quarter. FDx Advisors Inc. now owns 12,879 shares of the company’s stock valued at $160,000 after buying an additional 2,025 shares during the period. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its position in Endologix by 5.9% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 55,390 shares of the company’s stock valued at $690,000 after buying an additional 3,080 shares during the period. Shares of Endologix Inc. (NASDAQ:ELGX) traded down 1.45% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $6.10. The stock had a trading volume of 943,953 shares. The firm’s market cap is $504.42 million. The company has a 50-day moving average of $6.44 and a 200 day moving average of $10.56. Endologix Inc. has a one year low of $4.78 and a one year high of $14.50. Endologix (NASDAQ:ELGX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.15) by $0.03. Endologix had a negative net margin of 78.53% and a negative return on equity of 39.12%. The company earned $52.12 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $51.83 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.16) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 36.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Endologix Inc. will post ($0.74) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/swiss-national-bank-decreases-stake-in-endologix-inc-elgx.html. Several research firms have recently issued reports on ELGX. Leerink Swann set a $8.00 price target on Endologix and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Canaccord Genuity set a $15.00 target price on shares of Endologix and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, October 30th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Endologix from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $7.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday. Guggenheim downgraded shares of Endologix from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. set a $11.00 target price on shares of Endologix and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Endologix currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.52. In related news, CEO John D. Mcdermott purchased 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 14th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $6.67 per share, for a total transaction of $66,700.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 657,608 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,386,245.36. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Vaseem Mahboob purchased 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 13th. The stock was bought at an average price of $6.25 per share, with a total value of $125,000.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 108,511 shares in the company, valued at $678,193.75. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders purchased a total of 46,000 shares of company stock valued at $311,200 in the last quarter. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Endologix Endologix, Inc is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices for the treatment of aortic disorders. The Company’s products are intended for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA). The AAA products are built on one of two platforms, including traditional minimally invasive endovascular repair (EVAR) or endovascular sealing (EVAS), its solution for sealing the aneurysm sac while maintaining blood flow through two blood flow lumens. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ELGX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Endologix Inc. (NASDAQ:ELGX). Receive News & Ratings for Endologix Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endologix Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Epam Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Epam Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Epam Systems Inc. (EPAM) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Epam Systems Inc. (NYSE:EPAM) by 12.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 24,547 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,744 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC’s holdings in Epam Systems were worth $1,701,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in EPAM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Epam Systems by 28.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,725,149 shares of the company’s stock worth $258,189,000 after buying an additional 821,077 shares during the last quarter. Henderson Group PLC raised its stake in shares of Epam Systems by 35.2% in the third quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 503,888 shares of the company’s stock valued at $34,922,000 after buying an additional 131,215 shares in the last quarter. Conatus Capital Management LP raised its stake in shares of Epam Systems by 14.9% in the second quarter. Conatus Capital Management LP now owns 919,607 shares of the company’s stock valued at $59,140,000 after buying an additional 118,985 shares in the last quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D purchased a new stake in shares of Epam Systems during the third quarter valued at about $16,634,000. Finally, GHP Investment Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of Epam Systems by 1.2% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 37,229 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,580,000 after buying an additional 435 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 95.54% of the company’s stock. Shares of Epam Systems Inc. (NYSE:EPAM) traded down 0.33% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $65.48. The stock had a trading volume of 365,895 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.34 billion, a PE ratio of 34.14 and a beta of 1.22. Epam Systems Inc. has a 1-year low of $54.53 and a 1-year high of $78.40. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $64.30 and its 200-day moving average price is $66.07. Epam Systems (NYSE:EPAM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.76 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $298.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $296.12 million. Epam Systems had a net margin of 9.23% and a return on equity of 12.66%. The firm’s revenue was up 26.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.70 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Epam Systems Inc. will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Epam Systems Inc. (EPAM) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC” was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/epam-systems-inc-epam-shares-bought-by-blackrock-advisors-llc.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on EPAM shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Epam Systems from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Needham & Company LLC cut their price objective on Epam Systems from $82.00 to $75.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Monness Crespi & Hardt upgraded Epam Systems from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, October 20th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $70.00 price objective (down from $75.00) on shares of Epam Systems in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $77.95. About Epam Systems EPAM Systems, Inc (EPAM) is a provider of software engineering solutions and information technology services. The Company’s service offerings include Software Product Development Services, Custom Application Development Services, Application Testing Services, Enterprise Application Platforms, Application Maintenance and Support, and Infrastructure Management Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPAM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Epam Systems Inc. (NYSE:EPAM). Receive News & Ratings for Epam Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Epam Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Swiss National Bank Sells 1,500 Shares of ManTech International Corp. (MANT) Next » Condor Capital Management Lowers Position in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? The bank stock has soared lately, but will it be kind to dividend investors? Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 22, 2017 at 10:02AM Wall Street banking giant JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) has rebounded convincingly from its turmoil during the financial crisis, emerging as one of the strongest financial institutions in the business. The stock has climbed at an annual pace of more than 20% per year since 2009, culminating in a 55% leap over the past 12 months. Along the way, JPMorgan has restored and grown its dividend to the point that it now exceeds its pre-crisis levels, and investors hope that the Wall Street bank will reward shareholders yet again this year. Let's look more closely at whether JPMorgan Chase will raise its dividend in 2017. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon. Image source: JPMorgan Chase. Dividend stats on JPMorgan Chase Current Quarterly Dividend Per Share $0.48 Current Yield 2.3% Number of Consecutive Years With Dividend Increases 6 years Payout Ratio 32% Last Increase July 2016 Source: Yahoo! Finance. Last increase refers to ex-dividend date. How JPMorgan Chase bounced back from dividend Armageddon JPMorgan Chase has consistently given dividend investors substantial yields, even if quarterly payment growth hasn't always been a priority during its history. For instance, after making a dividend increase in 2001, JPMorgan kept its payout unchanged until 2007, despite enjoying considerable success along the way, thanks to strong conditions in the housing market and generally solid economic growth. However, most investors didn't have much to complain about because JPMorgan's dividend yield remained in a range of 2.5% to 4% throughout that time span, and the stock price steadily advanced during much of the period. Only in 2009 did JPMorgan succumb to the pressure of the financial crisis, slashing its dividend by 87% to just $0.05 per share. Yet unlike many of its banking peers, JPMorgan regained its financial footing quickly. By 2011, the bank got approval from the Federal Reserve to raise its dividend after passing stress tests, and it quickly quintupled its payout to $0.25 per share. In subsequent years, JPMorgan kept up the pace of its dividend growth -- with increases of 20% in 2012 and 27% in 2013 -- before seeing its growth rate slow down to the 5% to 10% range. JPM Dividend data by YCharts. JPMorgan's dividend increases have come as the banking giant has become more powerful and financially healthy than ever. The combination of retail and investment banking has been lucrative during the bull market in stocks and recovery in the housing market, and rising profits have helped to support the dividend. Of course, dividends haven't been the only way that JPMorgan Chase has returned capital to shareholders in its history. Stock buybacks have also played a big role. For example, in 2011, JPMorgan also committed to repurchasing up to $15 billion in stock to go along with its dividend increase. Since then, the company has authorized similar buybacks and used them to repurchase shares on a regular basis. Will JPMorgan raise its dividend in 2017? CEO Jamie Dimon has said that he prefers dividends to buybacks and hopes that JPMorgan can push its payout ratio toward 50% of earnings in the future. As Dimon put it at a recent conference, "I think buying back stock is giving cash to my leaving shareholders. I care much more about the remaining shareholders. ... It might be better to give you a special dividend." Investors do have to remember, though, that JPMorgan's freedom to structure its capital strategy is still limited. Many are hopeful that a new administration in Washington will find ways to make regulation less onerous, and that could potentially include the battery of stress tests that JPMorgan and its peers have to go through every year in order to have their capital plans approved. Until that happens, though, JPMorgan might have to wait longer than it otherwise would in order to fully restore its dividend to the level it would like. Given the bank's recent success, investors should anticipate another dividend increase from JPMorgan Chase this year, likely coming near mid-year and probably adding another $0.04 to $0.05 per share to the quarterly payout. Moreover, if rising interest rates bring greater profits, then investors could enjoy accelerated share growth, both in 2017 and in years to come. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 22, 2017 at 10:02AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.93 up $0.18 (0.21%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Is Cutting Its Bonus Points Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove 10 Biggest Banks in America Biggest Bank Stocks Ranked by Capital Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sonic Automotive Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sonic Automotive Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Sonic Automotive Inc. (SAH) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Sonic Automotive Inc. (NYSE:SAH) by 5.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 115,370 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 6,170 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.25% of Sonic Automotive worth $2,169,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio boosted its position in shares of Sonic Automotive by 16.6% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 7,301 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 1,041 shares during the period. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its position in shares of Sonic Automotive by 82.7% in the second quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 10,444 shares of the company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 4,726 shares during the period. Clinton Group Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Sonic Automotive during the second quarter valued at about $187,000. FDx Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of Sonic Automotive by 11.3% in the second quarter. FDx Advisors Inc. now owns 11,903 shares of the company’s stock valued at $204,000 after buying an additional 1,211 shares during the period. Finally, Aperio Group LLC purchased a new position in shares of Sonic Automotive during the third quarter valued at about $221,000. Institutional investors own 65.10% of the company’s stock. Shares of Sonic Automotive Inc. (NYSE:SAH) opened at 23.15 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.66 and a beta of 1.57. Sonic Automotive Inc. has a 1-year low of $15.68 and a 1-year high of $24.30. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $22.66 and its 200 day moving average price is $19.22. Sonic Automotive (NYSE:SAH) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.47 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.54 by $0.07. The business earned $2.56 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.48 billion. Sonic Automotive had a return on equity of 13.54% and a net margin of 0.90%. The firm’s revenue was up 2.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.53 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Sonic Automotive Inc. will post $1.98 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.86%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. Sonic Automotive’s payout ratio is currently 10.93%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Sonic Automotive Inc. (SAH) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/sonic-automotive-inc-sah-shares-bought-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. SAH has been the topic of several research analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded Sonic Automotive from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised Sonic Automotive from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, December 31st. Jefferies Group reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Sonic Automotive in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Finally, CL King lowered Sonic Automotive from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. About Sonic Automotive Sonic Automotive, Inc is an automotive retailer in the United States. The Company’s operating segments include Franchised Dealerships and EchoPark. The Company’s Franchised Dealerships segment consists of traditional retail automotive franchises that sell new and used vehicles, replacement parts and vehicle repair and maintenance services, and finance and insurance products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SAH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sonic Automotive Inc. (NYSE:SAH). Receive News & Ratings for Sonic Automotive Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sonic Automotive Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pacific Continental Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pacific Continental Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $2,202,000 Stake in Pacific Continental Corp. (PCBK) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased its position in Pacific Continental Corp. (NASDAQ:PCBK) by 2.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 130,936 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 2,748 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.58% of Pacific Continental Corp. worth $2,202,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Pacific Continental Corp. by 379.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 10,178 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $160,000 after buying an additional 8,053 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Pacific Continental Corp. by 9.9% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 10,623 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 958 shares in the last quarter. TFS Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of Pacific Continental Corp. during the second quarter worth $174,000. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Pacific Continental Corp. by 1.4% in the second quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 12,597 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $198,000 after buying an additional 177 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its position in shares of Pacific Continental Corp. by 7.0% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 18,330 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $288,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares in the last quarter. 61.67% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Pacific Continental Corp. (NASDAQ:PCBK) opened at 26.05 on Friday. Pacific Continental Corp. has a one year low of $14.08 and a one year high of $26.85. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $22.24 and its 200-day moving average is $17.98. The firm has a market capitalization of $588.81 million, a PE ratio of 28.07 and a beta of 0.62. Pacific Continental Corp. (NASDAQ:PCBK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.23 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.28 by $0.05. Pacific Continental Corp. had a return on equity of 8.85% and a net margin of 20.43%. On average, analysts anticipate that Pacific Continental Corp. will post $0.93 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-2202000-stake-in-pacific-continental-corp-pcbk.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on PCBK shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Pacific Continental Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods cut shares of Pacific Continental Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $22.00 to $28.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Raymond James Financial Inc. started coverage on shares of Pacific Continental Corp. in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “outperform” rating for the company. Finally, DA Davidson cut shares of Pacific Continental Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $22.50. About Pacific Continental Corp. Pacific Continental Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company’s principal business activities are conducted through its subsidiary, Pacific Continental Bank (the Bank), an Oregon state-chartered bank with deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The Bank operates in over three primary markets, including Eugene, Oregon, Portland; Oregon/Southwest Washington, and Seattle, Washington. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PCBK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pacific Continental Corp. (NASDAQ:PCBK). Receive News & Ratings for Pacific Continental Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pacific Continental Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rapid7 Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rapid7 Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Position in Rapid7 Inc. (RPD) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in shares of Rapid7 Inc. (NASDAQ:RPD) by 26.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 128,454 shares of the company’s stock after selling 46,930 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.32% of Rapid7 worth $2,268,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. purchased a new position in Rapid7 during the third quarter valued at $12,166,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Rapid7 by 149.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 470,872 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,924,000 after buying an additional 282,298 shares during the last quarter. Polar Capital LLP purchased a new position in Rapid7 during the second quarter valued at $3,203,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Rapid7 by 28.2% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,036,961 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,046,000 after buying an additional 227,869 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in Rapid7 by 170.9% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 275,367 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,465,000 after buying an additional 173,723 shares during the last quarter. 69.24% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Rapid7 Inc. (NASDAQ:RPD) opened at 12.79 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is $526.00 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $12.54 and its 200 day moving average is $14.43. Rapid7 Inc. has a 12-month low of $9.05 and a 12-month high of $19.29. Rapid7 (NASDAQ:RPD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported ($0.13) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.07. Rapid7 had a negative net margin of 41.53% and a negative return on equity of 101.12%. The business had revenue of $40.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $39.42 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.27) earnings per share. Rapid7’s revenue was up 42.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Rapid7 Inc. will post ($0.85) EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Position in Rapid7 Inc. (RPD)” was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-position-in-rapid7-inc-rpd.html. Several equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Rapid7 from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada assumed coverage on shares of Rapid7 in a report on Friday, October 14th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Finally, RBC Capital Markets assumed coverage on shares of Rapid7 in a report on Friday, October 14th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. Rapid7 has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $19.43. In other Rapid7 news, insider Corey E. Thomas sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $13.83, for a total value of $138,300.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 184,757 shares in the company, valued at $2,555,189.31. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Lee David Weiner sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.00, for a total transaction of $180,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 44,235 shares in the company, valued at $530,820. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 40,000 shares of company stock worth $506,400 over the last 90 days. 55.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Rapid7 Company Profile Rapid7, Inc is a provider of security data and analytics solutions that enable organizations to implement an active approach to cyber security. The Company’s Rapid7 Insight Platform is a security data and analytics platform that provides solutions to cyber security that enables organizations to find and eliminate critical weaknesses and detect attacks in their information technology (IT) environments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rapid7 Inc. (NASDAQ:RPD). Receive News & Ratings for Rapid7 Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rapid7 Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts First Trust New Opprtnts MLP & Engy Fd (FPL) to Issue $0.11 Feb 17 Dividend Blueknight Energy Partners L.P., L.L.C. – Series A Preferred Units (BKEPP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Progressive Corporation (The) (pgr) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 1st Cimpress N.V (CMPR) Trading Down 11.8% on Disappointing Earnings Whirlpool Corporation (WHR) Stock Price Down 8.5% Following Weak Earnings Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Trading Down 6.5% After Analyst Downgrade Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI) Stock Price Up 6.8% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Announces Earnings Results BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Fresnillo Plc (FRES) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,225 Citigroup Inc. Boosts IG Group Holdings plc (IGG) Price Target to GBX 520 HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates €5.86 Price Target for Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) Barclays PLC Reiterates “€67.00” Price Target for Danone SA (BN) Analysts Set Greene King plc (GNK) Price Target at $937.25 Analysts Set Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Price Target at $15.75 Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Company TheStreet Lowers New York Times Company (The) (NYT) to C+ Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 on February 17th Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Hold Rating for Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc. (AHP) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 36,345 Shares of Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (RRTS) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased its position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (NASDAQ:RRTS) by 11.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 282,600 shares of the company’s stock after selling 36,345 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.74% of Roadrunner Transportation Systems worth $2,255,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FMR LLC raised its position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems by 7.2% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,239,495 shares of the company’s stock worth $24,167,000 after buying an additional 218,126 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems by 257.5% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 288,495 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,152,000 after buying an additional 207,804 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems by 142.3% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 345,585 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,577,000 after buying an additional 202,947 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems by 11.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,051,210 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,302,000 after buying an additional 202,778 shares during the period. Finally, TFS Capital LLC raised its position in Roadrunner Transportation Systems by 163.7% in the second quarter. TFS Capital LLC now owns 256,564 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,914,000 after buying an additional 159,256 shares during the period. Shares of Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (NASDAQ:RRTS) opened at 10.80 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $414.07 million and a P/E ratio of 16.69. Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc has a 52-week low of $6.39 and a 52-week high of $13.67. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $10.75 and a 200-day moving average price of $8.80. Roadrunner Transportation Systems (NASDAQ:RRTS) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.21. The business had revenue of $532.51 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $492.67 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.15 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc will post $0.57 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 36,345 Shares of Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (RRTS)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/jpmorgan-chase-co-sells-36345-shares-of-roadrunner-transportation-systems-inc-rrts.html. RRTS has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Macquarie lowered their price objective on Roadrunner Transportation Systems from $10.00 to $8.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Roadrunner Transportation Systems from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Roadrunner Transportation Systems in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. They set a “hold” rating and a $9.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating and set a $12.00 price objective (up previously from $11.00) on shares of Roadrunner Transportation Systems in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. About Roadrunner Transportation Systems Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc (RRTS) is an asset-light transportation and logistics service provider. The Company offers a suite of global supply chain solutions, including truckload logistics (TL), customized and expedited less-than-truckload (LTL), intermodal solutions (transporting a shipment by over one mode, primarily through rail and truck), freight consolidation, inventory management, expedited services, air freight, international freight forwarding, customs brokerage and transportation management solutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RRTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (NASDAQ:RRTS). Receive News & Ratings for Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Investment Technology Group Inc. (ITG) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Next » Trustco Bank Corp N Y Cuts Position in 3M Co. (MMM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Fossil Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fossil Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Fossil Group Inc. (FOSL) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased its stake in shares of Fossil Group Inc. (NASDAQ:FOSL) by 6.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 82,600 shares of the company’s stock after selling 5,734 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.17% of Fossil Group worth $2,293,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of FOSL. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Fossil Group by 173.7% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 4,117 shares of the company’s stock valued at $117,000 after buying an additional 2,613 shares during the last quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in Fossil Group by 1.9% in the second quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 75,397 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,151,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the last quarter. Underhill Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Fossil Group by 3.5% in the second quarter. Underhill Investment Management LLC now owns 309,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,830,000 after buying an additional 10,370 shares during the last quarter. Lucus Advisors LLC raised its stake in Fossil Group by 3.1% in the second quarter. Lucus Advisors LLC now owns 12,245 shares of the company’s stock valued at $349,000 after buying an additional 363 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB raised its stake in Fossil Group by 52.7% in the second quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 59,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,695,000 after buying an additional 20,500 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 94.54% of the company’s stock. Shares of Fossil Group Inc. (NASDAQ:FOSL) opened at 24.82 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $28.16 and a 200-day moving average of $29.39. The company has a market cap of $1.19 billion, a PE ratio of 12.08 and a beta of 1.69. Fossil Group Inc. has a 1-year low of $23.10 and a 1-year high of $51.93. Fossil Group (NASDAQ:FOSL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.36 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.31 by $0.05. Fossil Group had a net margin of 3.24% and a return on equity of 12.56%. The company earned $738 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $739.12 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.19 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Fossil Group Inc. will post $1.90 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/fossil-group-inc-fosl-shares-sold-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Fossil Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Piper Jaffray Cos. raised shares of Fossil Group from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $23.00 to $32.00 in a research note on Monday, November 21st. KeyCorp raised shares of Fossil Group from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $42.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Pacific Crest raised shares of Fossil Group from an “underweight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $42.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $51.00 price objective (up previously from $49.00) on shares of Fossil Group in a research note on Tuesday, October 25th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. Fossil Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $30.72. In other news, Director Elaine B. Agather sold 1,800 shares of Fossil Group stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.77, for a total value of $57,186.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Darren E. Hart sold 13,125 shares of Fossil Group stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.42, for a total transaction of $451,762.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 13.80% of the company’s stock. About Fossil Group Fossil Group, Inc is a design, marketing and distribution company that specializes in consumer fashion accessories. The Company’s segments are Americas, Europe and Asia. Each segment includes sales to wholesale and distributor customers, and sales through the Company-owned retail stores and e-commerce activities based on the location of the selling entity. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FOSL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fossil Group Inc. (NASDAQ:FOSL). Receive News & Ratings for Fossil Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fossil Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Argentus Capital Management LLC Has $2,407,000 Position in Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) Next » Investment Technology Group Inc. (ITG) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Investment Technology Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Investment Technology Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Apogee Enterprises, Inc. (APOG) CFO James S. Porter Sells 4,000 Shares Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK) Director Dennis R. James Sells 4,400 Shares of Stock UEX Co. (UEX) Insider Stephen Harvey Sorensen Sells 1,000,000 Shares of Stock Societe Generale SA (SCGLY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research McCarthy & Stone PLC (MCS) Given New GBX 220 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Susquehanna Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) Mizuho Reaffirms Neutral Rating for HP Inc. (HPQ) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Insulet Corporation (PODD) Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Fresnillo Plc (FRES) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,650 at J P Morgan Chase & Co William Blair Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Tenet Healthcare Corporation to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.07 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (THC) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Progressive Corporation (The) Issued By William Blair (PGR) Banc of California, Inc. (BANC) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday TD Securities Raises Methanex Co. (MX) Price Target to C$50.00 NN, Inc. (NNBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Tembec Inc (TMB) PT Set at C$1.50 by Scotiabank Comstock Resources Inc (CRK) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) Hits New 1-Year High After Dividend Announcement Investment Technology Group Inc. (ITG) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut its stake in shares of Investment Technology Group Inc. (NYSE:ITG) by 71.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 132,481 shares of the company’s stock after selling 326,197 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.40% of Investment Technology Group worth $2,270,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of ITG. Mason Street Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Investment Technology Group during the second quarter valued at about $109,000. Rational Advisors LLC bought a new position in Investment Technology Group during the second quarter valued at approximately $112,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Investment Technology Group by 361.9% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 7,465 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 5,849 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its position in Investment Technology Group by 280.0% in the second quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 10,829 shares of the company’s stock valued at $181,000 after buying an additional 7,979 shares during the last quarter. Finally, KBC Group NV boosted its position in Investment Technology Group by 318.4% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 12,255 shares of the company’s stock valued at $210,000 after buying an additional 9,326 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 87.81% of the company’s stock. Investment Technology Group Inc. (NYSE:ITG) opened at 20.76 on Friday. Investment Technology Group Inc. has a 1-year low of $14.95 and a 1-year high of $22.92. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $19.97 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $676.07 million, a PE ratio of 13.63 and a beta of 1.41. Investment Technology Group (NYSE:ITG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported ($0.08) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.11) by $0.03. Investment Technology Group had a negative return on equity of 0.96% and a net margin of 8.84%. The business had revenue of $104.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $107.75 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.12 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 13.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Investment Technology Group Inc. will post $0.05 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Investment Technology Group Inc. (ITG) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/investment-technology-group-inc-itg-shares-sold-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several research analysts recently commented on ITG shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Investment Technology Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $20.00 target price on Investment Technology Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 10th. About Investment Technology Group Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ITG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Investment Technology Group Inc. (NYSE:ITG). Receive News & Ratings for Investment Technology Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Investment Technology Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Fossil Group Inc. (FOSL) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Next » JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 36,345 Shares of Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc (RRTS) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing JUNO THERAPEUTC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JUNO THERAPEUTC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Rent-A-Center Inc. (RCII) Debt Trading 3.1% Lower Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (ACRE) TICC Capital Corp. (TICC) Shares Sold by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Incyte Corporation (INCY) Shares Sold by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Shares Bought by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Purchases 10,577 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Raises Position in Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Gotham Asset Management LLC Sells 20,709 Shares of Vmware, Inc. (VMW) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Cuts Position in MRC Global Inc. (MRC) PACCAR (PCAR) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Has $203,000 Position in uniQure N.V. (QURE) Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Position Maintained by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Continues to Hold Position in Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (MCRB) Clinton Group Inc. Buys Shares of 29,530 Equifax, Inc. (EFX) Clinton Group Inc. Acquires New Position in Harris Corporation (HRS) 114,484 Shares in CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (CAA) Acquired by Clinton Group Inc. 1,059,430 Shares in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company 365,784 Shares in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (AEM) JUNO THERAPEUTC (JUNO) Shares Bought by New York State Common Retirement Fund Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet New York State Common Retirement Fund raised its position in JUNO THERAPEUTC (NASDAQ:JUNO) by 2.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 126,700 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 2,835 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund owned approximately 0.12% of JUNO THERAPEUTC worth $3,802,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC by 1,433.2% in the third quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,465 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 3,239 shares during the last quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY increased its stake in shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC by 397.3% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 4,441 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $171,000 after buying an additional 3,548 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC by 8.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,192 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $156,000 after buying an additional 418 shares during the last quarter. Legal & General Group Plc increased its stake in shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC by 5.9% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 5,470 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $210,000 after buying an additional 306 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd acquired a new stake in shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC during the second quarter worth $236,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 61.58% of the company’s stock. JUNO THERAPEUTC (NASDAQ:JUNO) opened at 19.63 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is $2.01 billion. JUNO THERAPEUTC has a 52-week low of $17.52 and a 52-week high of $49.72. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $19.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $26.99. JUNO THERAPEUTC (NASDAQ:JUNO) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.57) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.52) by $0.05. JUNO THERAPEUTC had a negative return on equity of 22.10% and a negative net margin of 445.86%. The firm earned $20.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.98 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.26) EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 1200.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that JUNO THERAPEUTC will post ($2.60) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “JUNO THERAPEUTC (JUNO) Shares Bought by New York State Common Retirement Fund” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/juno-therapeutc-juno-shares-bought-by-new-york-state-common-retirement-fund.html. A number of brokerages have weighed in on JUNO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC in a report on Thursday, December 1st. BTIG Research raised JUNO THERAPEUTC from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $61.00 price objective on shares of JUNO THERAPEUTC in a research note on Saturday, October 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut JUNO THERAPEUTC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 5th. Finally, Maxim Group set a $34.00 price objective on JUNO THERAPEUTC and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.13. In other news, EVP Robert Azelby sold 12,921 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.14, for a total value of $311,912.94. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 48,640 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,174,169.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 15.26% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About JUNO THERAPEUTC Juno Therapeutics, Inc (Juno) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on re-engaging the body’s immune system to revolutionize the treatment of cancer. The Company is developing cell-based cancer immunotherapies based on its chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T cell receptor (TCR) technologies to genetically engineer T cells to recognize and kill cancer cells. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JUNO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JUNO THERAPEUTC (NASDAQ:JUNO). Receive News & Ratings for JUNO THERAPEUTC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JUNO THERAPEUTC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Increases Position in Care Capital Properties Inc. (CCP) Next » BlackRock Group LTD Has $3,700,000 Position in Tyler Technologies Inc. (TYL) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Posted by William Strong on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. cut its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 9.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 131,236 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 14,205 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. accounts for approximately 1.3% of Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $8,739,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 3.7% in the third quarter. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC now owns 13,939 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $928,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Woodley Farra Manion Portfolio Management Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 14.9% in the third quarter. Woodley Farra Manion Portfolio Management Inc. now owns 13,009 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $866,000 after buying an additional 1,688 shares during the period. Oakworth Capital Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.8% in the third quarter. Oakworth Capital Inc. now owns 84,872 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,652,000 after buying an additional 6,105 shares during the period. Wagner Bowman Management Corp raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.9% in the third quarter. Wagner Bowman Management Corp now owns 12,535 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $834,000 after buying an additional 919 shares during the period. Finally, Amarillo National Bank raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 2.5% in the third quarter. Amarillo National Bank now owns 20,378 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,357,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.31% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 83.67 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $84.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $71.50. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $52.50 and a 12-month high of $88.17. The stock has a market cap of $298.76 billion, a PE ratio of 13.52 and a beta of 1.54. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.68 earnings per share. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.54 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Investors of record on Friday, January 6th will be issued a $0.48 dividend. This represents a $1.92 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is currently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Life Insurance Co.” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-shares-sold-by-sumitomo-life-insurance-co.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the company. Nomura reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $80.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Sandler O’Neill reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $77.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. set a $89.00 target price on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, CLSA reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $79.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and nineteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.96. In related news, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 2,099 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction on Wednesday, October 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.03, for a total value of $144,893.97. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now owns 4,752 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $328,030.56. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Mark O’donovan sold 4,035 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction on Wednesday, October 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.05, for a total value of $278,616.75. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,005 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $414,645.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 208,833 shares of company stock valued at $17,433,025 in the last ninety days. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $10,114,000 Stake in The Home Depot Inc. (HD) Next » Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position Cut by Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal problem Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous chatter': Body language expert on President Trump meeting Prime Minister May Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored controversial voter fraud study claims First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000 additional immigration officers Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call themselves reporters' after Bannon said they're the 'opposition party' Previous Next JPMorgan boosts CEO Jamie Dimon's annual pay to $28MILLION  JPMorgan Chase & Co paid Chief Executive Jamie Dimon $28 million for 2016  The pay boost is a four per cent increase from 2015's compensation  The board 'took into account the firm's strong performance' in his pay  Dimon's pay has been a sensitive topic for JPMorgan in the past  By Anna Hopkins For Dailymail.com and Reuters Published: 18:20 EST, 19 January 2017 | Updated: 23:54 EST, 21 January 2017 e-mail 14 shares 25 View comments JPMorgan Chase & Co directors paid Chief Executive Jamie Dimon $28 million in total compensation for 2016, a four per cent bump from the prior year. Dimon's package includes a base salary of $1.5 million as well as cash and stock-related instruments that are tied to Dimon's performance, according to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Dimon's base salary was the same in 2015, as was his $5 million cash performance bonus. The increase came from an additional $1 million in performance share units. JPMorgan Chase & Co directors paid Chief Executive Jamie Dimon $28 million in total compensation for 2016, a four per cent bump from the prior year The board 'took into account the firm's strong performance' in setting Dimon's pay, the company said. Last year, JPMorgan's profit rose 1 per cent, to nearly $25 billion. Return on tangible common equity, a key measure of profitability and a factor in the compensation, was 13 percent for the third consecutive year. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit US stock indexes end mostly higher on solid bank earnings Share this article Share Shares of JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, rose by 31 per cent in 2016, compared with a 26 per cent gain in the KBW bank stock index. Dimon's pay has been a sensitive topic for JPMorgan. The company changed its practices last year to tie more of his compensation to objective measures of performance and leave less leeway for judgment by directors.  Last year, JPMorgan's profit rose 1 percent, to nearly $25 billion. Return on tangible common equity, a key measure of profitability and a factor in the compensation, was 13 percent for the third consecutive year The decision came after investors and proxy voting advisers complained that Dimon's pay was too arbitrary. Shareholders voted to endorse the new structure at their annual meeting in May. Directors are expected to describe their rationale for Dimon's 2016 package in more detail in a proxy statement ahead of this year's annual meeting. Other top JPMorgan executives are paid with a somewhat different mix of salary, cash and stock-related incentives. The performance pieces are like last year's and almost all consist of 40 per cent cash, 30 per cent performance share units and 30 per cent restricted stock units, a company spokesman said on Thursday. ESTIMATED JPMORGAN SALARIES Applying the formula to other disclosures made on Thursday, other top JP Morgan executives will receive total compensation of the following amounts: Mary Erdoes, Asset Management Chief Executive: $19 million Daniel Pinto, Chief Executive for Corporate and Investment Banking: $19 million Gordon Smith, Consumer Banking Chief Executive: $19 million Matthew Zames, Chief Operating Officer: $19 million  Marianne Lake, Chief Financial Officer: $12.5 million Douglas Petno, Commercial Bank Chief Executive: $11 million  Ashley Bacon, Chief Risk Officer: $11 million   Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Comments (25) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... Baylor University football players 'committed 52 rapes in four-year period', lawsuit claims Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to State Sponsors of Terror, end ALL refugee... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... Theresa and Donald are getting along 'smoothly' despite her 'psychological discomfort' and his 'nervous... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump's cabinet is worth $14 BILLION - so no wonder they're living the lifestyles of the super-rich (down to... EXCLUSIVE: Women who marched for equality unwittingly handed their personal data to the Communist Party and... Malia Obama takes on Trump: Former first daughter joins rally protesting President's plan to revive the... Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor SeedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW For JPMorgan, buying junk bonds is the debt market Trump trade By Bloomberg | Updated: Jan 23, 2017, 09.42 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » yield | Trump | risk | Recession | Market | Interviews | earnings Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW YORK: JP Morgan Asset Management is boosting its holdings of high-yield debt on the expectation that President Donald Trump's policies will fuel domestic growth and improve corporate earnings, strengthening the balance sheets of junk-rated companies. Following the election, the firm nearly tripled its exposure to junk bonds in its unconstrained debt fund, which permits shifts of that magnitude, and raised its exposure “meaningfully“ across the board, according to Bob Michele, who oversees $470 billion as the chief investment officer and head of global fixed income, currency and commodities at the firm's $1.8 trillion asset management arm. “This is historically the largest move we've ever made,“ he said in an interview. The reallocation comes as many on Wall Street are sounding alarms that the junk bond rally has gone too far. The Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Index returned more than 17%in 2016 as yields fell steadily throughout the year -and bullish sentiment since November 8 has pushed them even lower. Strategists like Bank of America Corp's Michael Contopoulos have warned investors not to pile in to the crowded trade, especially as yields approach their all-time lows. Michele derived his take on Trump from what he considered common themes in his campaign speeches, interviews, post-election statements and cabinet picks. “When you listen to the rhetoric, its pro-business and pro-growth,“ he said, pointing to Trump's pledges of fiscal stimulus and deregulation as talking points that fit that mold. In JPMorgan's $2.8 billion unconstrained debt fund net high-yield exposure now stands at 35%. To reach that level, Michele not only added new junk-rated assets but also closed out all of his credit hedges, leaving in place only hedges on interest rate risk. In addition to boosting its junk allocation after the election, JPMorgan revised its macro predictions more dramatically than ever before, Michele said. The firm raised its forecast for the probability of “above trend“ growth to 65% from 10%and slashed its expectation for a recession to 5 percent from 25%. The firm's managers expect highyield overall will likely return between 8% and 10% in 2017, Michele said. The average expectation on Wall Street is less ebullient, between 4% and 6%. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » yield | Trump | risk | Recession | Market | Interviews | earnings To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property sales may drop 30% in 2017; realty, related stocks up for more pain 11 smallcaps that surged up to 485% as Nifty reclaimed 8,600 in 60 sessions First merged Budget in 92 years: Top rail-linked stocks to watch Measures expected from Union Budget that could impact markets Pre-Budget rally: Sensex rallies 900 pts in four days despite odds; 3 reasons why More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Short Interest in Novavax Inc. (NVAX) Drops By 4.2% January 22, 2017 Jamie Williams Novavax Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) was the target of a significant decline in short interest in the month of December. As of December 15th, there was short interest totalling 60,251,298 shares, a decline of 4.2% from the November 30th total of 62,897,129 shares. Currently, 23.0% of the company’s shares are short sold. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 8,037,252 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 7.5 days. NVAX has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Piper Jaffray Cos. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novavax in a research note on Friday, September 9th. Wedbush downgraded shares of Novavax from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $14.00 to $2.00 in a research note on Friday, September 16th. FBR & Co decreased their price target on shares of Novavax from $17.00 to $12.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, September 16th. Ladenburg Thalmann downgraded shares of Novavax from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, September 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Novavax from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, September 16th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $6.17. Shares of Novavax (NASDAQ:NVAX) opened at 1.32 on Wednesday. Novavax has a 12 month low of $1.16 and a 12 month high of $8.70. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $1.35 and a 200-day moving average of $4.32. The company’s market capitalization is $357.97 million. Novavax (NASDAQ:NVAX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.24) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.26) by $0.02. The business earned $3.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.02 million. Novavax had a negative net margin of 1,908.41% and a negative return on equity of 189.14%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 50.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.12) EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Novavax will post ($1.05) earnings per share for the current year. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Novavax by 40.3% in the second quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 7,441,710 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $54,100,000 after buying an additional 2,136,258 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Novavax by 110.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,570,243 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $7,427,000 after buying an additional 1,873,773 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Novavax by 7.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 19,935,014 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $144,928,000 after buying an additional 1,385,637 shares in the last quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC boosted its stake in Novavax by 47.2% in the second quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC now owns 2,124,035 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $15,442,000 after buying an additional 681,133 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Novavax by 5.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,704,775 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $22,266,000 after buying an additional 549,418 shares in the last quarter. 61.50% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Novavax Novavax, Inc (Novavax) is a clinical-stage vaccine company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants. The Company operates through developing recombinant vaccines segment. The Company through its recombinant nanoparticle vaccine technology produces vaccine candidates to respond to both known and newly emerging diseases. Business Post navigation The Citigroup Inc. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Fitbit Inc. (FIT) The Shire PLC (SHPG) Earns Buy Rating from BTIG Research Related posts January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) FinnCap reissued their corporate rating on shares of Castleton Technology PLC (LON:CTP) in a research report... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) Barclays PLC reissued their equal weight rating on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC (LON:CAPC)... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (LON:CITY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) The Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) The Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) The Humana Inc. (HUM) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy The Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research The APG Asset Management N.V. Purchases 115,100 Shares of EOG Resources Inc. (EOG) The Scopia Capital Management LP Purchases New Position in Insys Therapeutics Inc. (INSY) The Scopia Capital Management LP Acquires New Position in Conmed Corp. (CNMD) The Scopia Capital Management LP Invests $112,190,000 in DST Systems Inc. (DST) The Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) The Analytic Investors LLC Buys 74,974 Shares of McCormick & Co. (MKC) The Boston Partners Sells 751,758 Shares of Amgen Inc. (AMGN) The APG Asset Management N.V. Has $105,298,000 Stake in Kraft Heinz Co. (KHC) The Pandora Media Inc. (P) Given a $15.00 Price Target by FBN Securities Analysts The Waste Connections, Inc. (WCN) Given a $84.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. The The Rubicon Project Inc. (RUBI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald The A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN) Receives $9.30 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages The Gemphire Therapeutics Inc. (GEMP) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Choice Hotels International Inc. (CHH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research © DailyQuint.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 28, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X French finance minister woos US banks after Brexit vote Michel Sapin set out stall for Paris as potentially leading European financial centre Sun, Jan 22, 2017, 18:49 Updated: Sun, Jan 22, 2017, 19:06 “The fact the French finance minister needed to discuss this via an interpreter was seen . . . as a negative,” said one source. Photograph: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg         French finance minister Michel Sapin made a pitch to senior executives of four of America’s largest banks to relocate to Paris after the UK leaves the EU, but raised eyebrows by talking in French with the assistance of an interpreter. Senior bankers at Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Bank of America, as well as Swiss bank UBS, lunched with Mr Sapin at the Hotel Sofitel in Washington DC during an official trip for the G20 meetings in October, according to people at the event. The chief executive of Citigroup met Mr Sapin separately that same morning, according to people with knowledge of the meeting. Over the 1½-hour- long lunch, Mr Sapin set out the stall for Paris as a potentially leading European financial centre following Brexit. He cited the city’s office space, large companies, tax benefits for expatriates as well as increasingly flexible labour laws. One person close to the situation in Paris said that the reaction was “positive” from the bankers, although the meeting was not intended to solicit firm commitments on moving jobs to Paris. Others were less convinced about the outcome of the meeting. “The fact that the French minister of finance needed to discuss this via an interpreter was seen . . . as a negative,” said one person. High corporate tax He added that a discussion about France’s relatively high corporate tax rates reassured attendees that it was high on the agenda, but there were still questions about how far the country would move on the issue. Bankers also sought assurances on schooling, terrorism and personal income tax rates. In attendance was Bob Elfring, chief executive of Bank of America Merrill Lynch International; Walter Gubert, a former vice-chairman of JPMorgan; Kevin Arnold, global head of senior relationship managers at UBS; and John FW Rogers, chief of staff at Goldman Sachs. ADVERTISEMENT The banks declined to comment on the meeting. The Sofitel lunch was one of dozens of formal and informal meetings between French officials and international banks on the attractions of Paris as a financial centre. French officials have also met Asian and British banks. Paris has had some early victories in the battle to win business from London. HSBC last week became the first big bank to detail plans to move jobs out of London after the Brexit vote, confirming plans to move 1,000 roles in its London-based investment bank to Paris. Many bankers at non-European banks say the inflexibility of the French labour code, along with high taxes, are reasons their groups will be reluctant to move to Paris. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017       Topics: Brexit Bob Elfring John Fw Rogers Kevin Arnold Michel Sapin Walter Gubert Eu G20 Bank of America Citigroup Goldman Sachs Group HSBC Jpmorgan UBS Read More Chris Johns: Weakness of German banks a systemic threat to euro itself Australia to open trade deal talks with UK ahead of Brexit Britain rejects Gerry Adams comments on Brexit Debate on Irish unity needs to be ‘deShinnerised’ We know Brexit is coming so Ireland can be prepared this time Diarmaid Ferriter: Ireland must ensure it does not become pawn in British game Bus Éireann: Unite says Shane Ross ‘must act’ to avert all-out strike Minister urges assertiveness to attract post-Brexit business Bank of Ireland fund seeks €100m to invest outside Ireland AIB: riskiest bonds’ surge helps pave way for IPO Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Retail & Services Christmas retail sales weak as Brexit dampens confidence Retail & Services Messy divorce beckons at Mercantile pub group US Donald Trump tells Theresa May he is ‘100% behind Nato’ Golf Tiger Woods’ comeback ends in a missed cut at Torrey Pines Sponsored Retiring with financial security to the serenity of the Wicklow hills Opel OnStar puts personal assistance in the driving seat Plan your financial future and enjoy your dream retirement Leading the dance: 'Growing up competing I learned the drive to keep going' ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business To stem tourist tsunami, Barcelona bans new hotels in city centre 02:15 Goldman Sachs and AIB team up for Glen of Downs Golf Club sale 02:00 Travel Advice: Specialist travel agents will help you get best first-class and business-class fares 01:00 Australian firms looking to Ireland as EU base, says IDA 21:08 US: weak growth boosts Trump’s tough trade stance 20:42 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 BT profits plunge after Italian accounting scandal 2 Goldman Sachs and AIB team up for Glen of Downs Golf Club sale 3 'Leprechaun economics' set to change EU GDP calculations 4 Messy divorce beckons at Mercantile pub group 5 Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now 6 French presidential candidate says euro may not exist in 10 years 7 Oil prices continue to rise as Opec reductions take effect 8 Former Richmond hospital for €3.5m 9 Teens develop robot to teach children basics of coding 10 How much did Airbnb hosts in Dublin earn last year? Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 28/1/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Six Nations Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Carnival PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carnival PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Advisor Group Inc. Has $105,000 Stake in Carnival PLC (CUK) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Advisor Group Inc. increased its position in Carnival PLC (NYSE:CUK) by 21.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,140 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 371 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc.’s holdings in Carnival PLC were worth $105,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of CUK. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Carnival PLC by 0.4% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 23,787 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Carnival PLC by 2.3% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 5,795 shares of the company’s stock worth $284,000 after buying an additional 130 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Carnival PLC by 1.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,588 shares of the company’s stock worth $474,000 after buying an additional 193 shares during the last quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Carnival PLC by 5.1% in the second quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,977 shares of the company’s stock worth $267,000 after buying an additional 292 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in shares of Carnival PLC by 0.9% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 41,379 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,031,000 after buying an additional 364 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 2.52% of the company’s stock. Carnival PLC (NYSE:CUK) traded down 0.17% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $52.19. The company had a trading volume of 412,709 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $37.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.03 and a beta of 0.59. Carnival PLC has a 12 month low of $42.45 and a 12 month high of $54.56. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $51.86 and a 200 day moving average price of $48.60. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 17th. Investors of record on Friday, February 24th will be paid a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 22nd. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.68%. Carnival PLC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 37.43%. WARNING: “Advisor Group Inc. Has $105,000 Stake in Carnival PLC (CUK)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/advisor-group-inc-has-105000-stake-in-carnival-plc-cuk.html. In other Carnival PLC news, General Counsel Arnaldo Perez sold 15,165 shares of Carnival PLC stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.11, for a total transaction of $790,248.15. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now owns 88,789 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,626,794.79. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Stein Kruse sold 60,664 shares of Carnival PLC stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.11, for a total value of $3,161,201.04. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 194,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,149,047.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 142,056 shares of company stock worth $7,461,495. 0.01% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Carnival PLC Carnival plc is a leisure travel company. The Company’s segments include North America, and Europe, and Australia & Asia (EAA). Its North America segment includes Carnival Cruise Lines, Princess Cruises (Princess), Holland America Line and Seabourn. Its EAA segment includes Costa Cruises (Costa), AIDA Cruises (AIDA), P&O Cruises (United Kingdom), P&O Cruises (Australia) and Cunard. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Carnival PLC (NYSE:CUK). Receive News & Ratings for Carnival PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carnival PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Advisor Group Inc. Buys Shares of 2,563 Shopify Inc. (SHOP) Next » Advisor Group Inc. Reduces Stake in BlackBerry Ltd. (BBRY) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fibria Celulose SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Princeton Alpha Management LP Acquires Shares of 15,426 Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new position in Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 15,426 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $109,000. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Boston Partners acquired a new position in shares of Fibria Celulose SA during the third quarter worth $2,848,000. Global Thematic Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Fibria Celulose SA by 14.1% in the third quarter. Global Thematic Partners LLC now owns 3,866,794 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,339,000 after buying an additional 476,476 shares during the period. Grace & White Inc. NY raised its stake in shares of Fibria Celulose SA by 26.8% in the third quarter. Grace & White Inc. NY now owns 714,831 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,054,000 after buying an additional 151,050 shares during the period. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Fibria Celulose SA by 22.2% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 20,443 shares of the company’s stock worth $145,000 after buying an additional 3,714 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Fibria Celulose SA by 234.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 96,255 shares of the company’s stock worth $679,000 after buying an additional 67,485 shares during the period. 6.93% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) traded down 1.96% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $9.99. 929,455 shares of the company were exchanged. Fibria Celulose SA has a 12 month low of $5.79 and a 12 month high of $11.05. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $9.50 and its 200 day moving average price is $7.64. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.72 billion, a PE ratio of 6.76 and a beta of 0.47. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/princeton-alpha-management-lp-acquires-shares-of-15426-fibria-celulose-sa-fbr.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on FBR. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Fibria Celulose SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Fibria Celulose SA from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $8.95. About Fibria Celulose SA Fibria Celulose SA (Fibria) is a Brazil-based pulp and paper producer. The Company’s activities are focused on the renewable and sustainable forests and the manufacture and sale of bleached eucalyptus kraft pulp. Forests in formation are located in the states of Sao Paulo, Mato Grosso do Sul, Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro, Espirito Santo, Bahia and Rio Grande do Sul. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR). Receive News & Ratings for Fibria Celulose SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Advisor Group Inc. Takes Position in Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advisor Group Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (NASDAQ:AXDX) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm acquired 4,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $109,000. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of Accelerate Diagnostics during the third quarter valued at $121,000. HighTower Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Accelerate Diagnostics during the second quarter valued at approximately $188,000. American International Group Inc. raised its stake in Accelerate Diagnostics by 5.3% in the second quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 13,263 shares of the company’s stock valued at $191,000 after buying an additional 663 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its stake in Accelerate Diagnostics by 11.0% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 15,898 shares of the company’s stock valued at $229,000 after buying an additional 1,580 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Accelerate Diagnostics by 25,550.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 16,673 shares of the company’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 16,608 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 37.22% of the company’s stock. Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (NASDAQ:AXDX) traded down 4.22% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $20.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 272,458 shares. Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. has a 52 week low of $10.29 and a 52 week high of $28.50. The company’s 50-day moving average is $22.13 and its 200 day moving average is $22.85. The firm’s market capitalization is $1051.89 billion. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/advisor-group-inc-takes-position-in-accelerate-diagnostics-inc-axdx.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered Accelerate Diagnostics from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Accelerate Diagnostics currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $26.25. In related news, insider Lawrence Mehren sold 400,068 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total value of $7,601,292.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Matthew Strobeck acquired 8,000 shares of Accelerate Diagnostics stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 9th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $19.00 per share, with a total value of $152,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 2,045,560 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $38,865,640. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 51.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Accelerate Diagnostics Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc is an in vitro diagnostics company engaged in providing solutions that improve patient outcomes and lower healthcare costs through the diagnosis of serious infections. The Company’s technology platform is built to address these challenges by delivering testing of infectious pathogens in various patient sample types. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (NASDAQ:AXDX). Receive News & Ratings for Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 At a private lunch in Davos, Jamie Dimon was asked about the elephant in the room Henry Blodget Jan. 22, 2017, 12:30 PM 37,854 facebook linkedin twitter email print JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum. Kimberly White/Getty Images DAVOS, SWITZERLAND — The main topic of conversation at the World Economic Forum last week was the fate of the world under the US presidency of Donald Trump. Views on this topic ranged from fear to greed. At a private lunch on Thursday, numerous high-profile attendees were asked to share a few thoughts about life under Trump. One of them was Jamie Dimon, the CEO of the US financial services firm JPMorgan Chase. Dimon has an admirable ability to rise above the consensus and noise and put things in a way people can relate to. His remarks were insightful and compelling. Like most of the lunch speakers, Dimon did not share detailed personal views of Trump or Trump's plans. Given the power of the presidency as well as today's polarized political climate, there is too much at stake for that. Instead, Dimon provided a broader perspective — of technological progress, of the challenges in our society and economy, and of the Trump administration. Most Davos events are off the record unless speakers agree otherwise. After the lunch, Dimon kindly gave us permission to share the remarks below. INTRODUCTION: There's an elephant hanging over Davos, which is Donald Trump. Jamie, you actually know Donald Trump. How do you see the US economy under Donald Trump? JAMIE DIMON: I'm going to take a longer-term view. Because every time I come here, everyone gets very depressed about the local things [that people are worrying about]. There are legitimate concerns long term, in my view, about nuclear war and policy and stuff like that. But the world has become a better place every 20 years for the last 2,000 years. Murder by mankind including war is coming down. When my grandfather was born, there was no healthcare. There were no airplanes. There were no boats. There were no trains. There were no communications. No internet. No widespread knowledge. It will be a completely different world but a much better place in a hundred years. I'm not surprised that China is rising up. That's happened every year since we've been here, so I'm surprised people are acting like it's a tectonic shift. The big thing I hear here all the time is that the problem we all missed — that the elite missed — is that we weren't listening well, and people were suffering, and we didn't know it. I just don't think that's true. We've always known that jobs, medicine, and healthcare matter and that we've had a problem with wealth inequality and lower-income wages. What I haven't heard about is the solutions. And there are solutions. The reason it got so bad is bad public policy. People talk about productivity in America. We spent $2 trillion on war. We have an unbelievable regulatory policy. We've had two government shutdowns, sequestration ... just bad policy ... America is going to be better in 10 years than it is today. And there are solutions. I think negative income tax is a big solution for the low-skilled, to give people a living wage and the dignity of a job. I think that technology is the best thing that ever happened to mankind. It's an absurd notion that somehow, 'My God, what are we going to do when driverless cars come along?' It's going to save lives on the road. And maybe one day we'll all be working four days a week and not five or six days a week. In fact, I think in Europe they're already down to four days a week. [Laughter.] So I think people should take a deep breath and think more about what's going to happen long term and not just tomorrow. Donald Trump has put some professional people around himself. Experienced. Successful. I know a lot of people seem to think that success and experience are reasons you shouldn't serve in public office. But they are knowledgeable and smart and they've been around the world. And hopefully when we go from one-liners — forget the one-liners and tweets — to serious policy, maybe we'll do the things that help America grow better and help the average American. SEE ALSO: Alibaba founder Jack Ma shares a brutal view of how America went wrong NOW WATCH: Here's the massive gap in average income between the top 1% and the bottom 99% in every state Loading video... More: Donald Trump Jamie Dimon JP Morgan Chase facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru At a private lunch in Davos, Jamie Dimon was asked about the elephant in the room At a private lunch in Davos, Jamie Dimon was asked about the elephant in the room DAVOS, SWITZERLAND — The main topic of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HMS Holdings Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HMS Holdings Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Rhumbline Advisers Acquires 6,377 Shares of HMS Holdings Corp. (HMSY) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in HMS Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:HMSY) by 5.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 113,944 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 6,377 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers owned 0.13% of HMS Holdings Corp. worth $2,526,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of HMS Holdings Corp. by 22.9% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,579,403 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,423,000 after buying an additional 481,293 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in shares of HMS Holdings Corp. by 13.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 12,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 1,460 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of HMS Holdings Corp. by 63.3% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 100,775 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,775,000 after buying an additional 39,046 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of HMS Holdings Corp. by 12.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 260,418 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,585,000 after buying an additional 29,494 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of HMS Holdings Corp. by 1.5% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 629,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,090,000 after buying an additional 9,328 shares during the period. 96.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of HMS Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:HMSY) opened at 17.80 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $18.34 and a 200 day moving average of $20.08. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.51 billion, a PE ratio of 43.41 and a beta of 0.97. HMS Holdings Corp. has a 1-year low of $10.16 and a 1-year high of $24.00. HMS Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:HMSY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.17 by $0.07. The company earned $124.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $123.43 million. HMS Holdings Corp. had a net margin of 7.12% and a return on equity of 10.04%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.15 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that HMS Holdings Corp. will post $0.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/rhumbline-advisers-acquires-6377-shares-of-hms-holdings-corp-hmsy.html. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of HMS Holdings Corp. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th. Jefferies Group dropped their price objective on shares of HMS Holdings Corp. from $23.00 to $19.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a $26.00 price objective on shares of HMS Holdings Corp. in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of HMS Holdings Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. HMS Holdings Corp. has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $21.00. HMS Holdings Corp. Company Profile HMS Holdings Corp. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, operates in the United States healthcare insurance benefit cost containment marketplace. It provides coordination of benefits services to government, and private healthcare payers and sponsors. Its payment integrity services ensure that healthcare claims billed are accurate and appropriate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HMSY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HMS Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:HMSY). Receive News & Ratings for HMS Holdings Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HMS Holdings Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance uniQure NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for uniQure NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. uniQure NV (QURE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of uniQure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) have received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the nine brokerages that are covering the firm. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $13.25. Several research firms have recently weighed in on QURE. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. set a $17.00 price target on shares of uniQure NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, December 25th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of uniQure NV from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, November 17th. WallachBeth Capital reduced their price target on shares of uniQure NV from $27.00 to $15.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Leerink Swann reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of uniQure NV in a report on Friday, December 2nd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Cos. cut shares of uniQure NV from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of uniQure NV by 68.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 14,174 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 5,760 shares in the last quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new stake in uniQure NV during the third quarter valued at about $111,000. TFS Capital LLC raised its stake in uniQure NV by 3.0% in the second quarter. TFS Capital LLC now owns 15,156 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 437 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC raised its stake in uniQure NV by 9.9% in the second quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 18,479 shares of the company’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,666 shares during the period. Finally, Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC purchased a new stake in uniQure NV during the second quarter valued at about $165,000. 28.22% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of uniQure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) opened at 5.48 on Tuesday. uniQure NV has a 52-week low of $5.45 and a 52-week high of $19.03. The firm’s market capitalization is $137.75 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $5.83 and a 200 day moving average of $7.19. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “uniQure NV (QURE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages” was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/uniqure-nv-qure-given-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. About uniQure NV uniQure N.V. is engaged in the field of gene therapy. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of gene therapies. It has a technology platform that uses as the basis for collaborative product candidates across approximately three therapeutic focus areas, such as Liver/Metabolic Disease, Central Nervous System (CNS) Disease and Cardiovascular Disease. Receive News & Ratings for uniQure NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for uniQure NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on Investors urged to look hard at routing Recent settlements over market makers providing misleading information on equity trades have put institutional investors on notice that they need to take a closer look of how their trades are routed. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Trump's "Make America Great Again" Promise Is Already a Boon for This Favorite Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iWqUpT  −  1  =  2 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Trump's "Make America Great Again" Promise Is Already a Boon for This Favorite Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iWqUpT 8  −   =  six Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Private Briefing Trump's "Make America Great Again" Promise Is Already a Boon for This Favorite By William Patalon III, Executive Editor, Money Morning • January 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 7  ×  one  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter William Patalon III We don't follow Wall Street's lead, but we love it when it follows ours. Recently, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) upgraded its rating for water-equipment company - and Private Briefingfavorite - Pentair PLC (NYSE:PNR) from "Neutral" to "Overweight." Because President Donald Trump promises to spend so much - up to a $1 trillion - on infrastructure improvements, Wall Street is finally starting to wake to the real potential in Pentair. But the truth is, this Minneapolis-based company is going to benefit regardless of whether Trump's "Make America Great Again" infrastructure plans get through Congress or not. Pentair manufacturers a wide variety of products for the energy, agricultural, and industrial sectors. But its main bailiwick is water. This is premium content for Private Briefing subscribers only. As the executive editor of Money Morning, Bill Patalon has perfected a secret investment strategy that could help you put an extra $125K into your portfolio - this year. To date, Bill has used this strategy to pick 257 winning investments, including 192 double- and triple-digit peak gains. Once you see the secret, you'll immediately understand why it works so well. (1) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS eewojo | January 22, 2017 Trump has vowed to fight the exit of American firms to tax havens. What impact will Pentair's foreign corporate status have in a Buy American world of Trump? Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  three  =  six Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 9136 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg Russia Locks In on What’s Wrong With Ruble During Oil Frenzy by Anna Andrianova @AndrianovaAnna More stories by Anna Andrianova January 22, 2017, 4:00 PM EST January 23, 2017, 8:07 AM EST Interventions are back in play as ruble’s volatility in focus Central bank hasn’t purchased foreign currency since mid-2015 Untethering the ruble helped Russia ride out the biggest oil downturn in a generation. But it’s left the world’s biggest energy exporter vulnerable to greater volatility in crude prices as OPEC pushes output cuts. To address that, the Bank of Russia is preparing to wade back into the currency market after an 18-month absence and soak up foreign revenue earned in excess of the $40 oil price assumed in the budget. First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov said in an interview last week that currency purchases are possible already at current oil prices. The exchange rate needs to be more “predictable,” Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said on Saturday. “At this stage of economic recovery, Russia would benefit from a stable ruble rather than further potentially excessive appreciation, which could undermine the competitiveness of Russian exporters at the time when the global trade pie seems to be shrinking,” said Piotr Matys, an emerging-market currency strategist at Rabobank in London. The ruble’s gallop since touching a record low a year ago has churned stomachs for the government, consumers and businesses alike, prompting the surprise announcement that interventions may be imminent, with JPMorgan Chase & Co. expecting them in “weeks not months.” The operations would help keep the ruble in check until the government implements a so-called budget rule from 2020, preventing it from spending surplus revenue above a pre-set oil price. The central bank has said any purchases would be in line with its free-float regime, in place since late 2014, and possible intervention “for the purposes of budgetary, not monetary policy smooths the impact of oil-price fluctuations on the real exchange rate.” Shielding Ruble At an average oil price of $50 a barrel, Russia will get an extra 1 trillion rubles ($16.8 billion) in revenue this year, the Finance Ministry estimates. Interventions, if they start in February and continue through the rest of the year, would reach $1.45 billion a month, according to Raiffeisenbank JSC. The Bank of Russia bought about $10 billion between mid-May and late July 2015. With the intervention offsetting the effect of higher crude prices, the ruble would effectively be priced at an oil equivalent of about $43 a barrel, according to JPMorgan. Benchmark Brent, which is usually trading at about a $3 premium to Russia’s Urals blend, was near $55 in London on Monday. “The policy will enable higher inflation-targeting credibility and isolate the economy from terms-of-trade shocks and Dutch disease problems,” JPMorgan analysts including Anatoliy Shal said in a report on Friday. “A good share of the risk premium is driven by oil-price volatility and oil-price uncertainty.” Up, Down A shale-industry revival in the U.S. is the reason top oil executives see volatility ahead. Higher prices after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided to cut output late last year are helping swell U.S. production, which could put crude under downward pressure again. “And up and down,” International Energy Agency Executive Director Fatih Birol said in Davos last week. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The ruble has become less beholden to oil and more sensitive to shifts in capital flows and investor sentiment. It had its best-ever year in 2016, when it appreciated 20 percent, after losing half its value against the dollar in 2014-2015. The ruble climbed for the first time in four days on Monday, trading 0.6 percent stronger and extending its gain this year to more than 3 percent versus the U.S. currency. “After the financial stress of 2014, society needs stability and predictability more than a strong ruble,” said Dmitry Postolenko, a money manager at Kapital Asset Management in Moscow. “The stable exchange rate allows economic agents and the government to build plans with greater certainty.” One-year implied volatility on the ruble versus the dollar on Monday headed for the lowest level since early November. Still, the gauge of expected moves in the exchange rate over the next 12 months shows the Russian currency will be among the 10 most volatile in the world, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.  For every 1 ruble of appreciation in the exchange rate, the budget loses about 100 billion rubles at an average Brent price of $55 per year, Sberbank CIB estimates. “When your income is in petro-dollars, but your expenditure is in rubles, you want to avoid volatility when your cushion is thin,” said Wolf-Fabian Hungerland, an economist at Berenberg Bank in Hamburg, Germany. “Too-heavy movements in the exchange rate may cause yet another round of fiscal headaches.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research January 23, 2017 Jamie Williams Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and Winterthur offer investment products, private banking and financial advisory services, as well as insurance and pension solutions. Credit Suisse First Boston provides securities underwriting, sales and trading, financial advisory, investment research, venture capital and asset management services. Because they specialize in gaining a deep understanding of their clients’ financial needs, they know that no one’s needs are two-dimensional. 360° Choice. “ A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on CS. Bank of America Corp. raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $16.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Macquarie lowered shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an underweight rating to an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $15.94. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) opened at 14.18 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is $29.61 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 12-month low of $10.01 and a 12-month high of $21.36. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $14.50 and its 200 day moving average is $12.93. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 269.2% in the second quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 26,096 shares of the company’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 19,027 shares during the last quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 2.9% in the second quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC now owns 68,346 shares of the company’s stock worth $731,000 after buying an additional 1,900 shares during the period. CIBC World Markets Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter worth approximately $2,209,000. FNY Managed Accounts LLC purchased a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter worth approximately $1,359,000. Finally, Traynor Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter worth approximately $110,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 2.28% of the company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG Company Profile Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a global financial services company. The Company operates in three segments: Private Banking & Wealth Management and Investment Banking. Private Banking & Wealth Management offers advice and a range of financial solutions to private, corporate and institutional clients. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Business Post navigation The Vetr Inc. Upgrades DSW Inc. (DSW) to Strong-Buy The Zacks: Analysts Set $5.65 Price Target for Discovery Laboratories Inc. (WINT) Related posts January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Suffolk Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Five Below, Inc. (FIVE) Suffolk Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ:FIVE) during... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,509,000 Position in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of CenterPoint Energy, Inc.... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The World Asset Management Inc Purchases 392 Shares of Entergy Corporation (ETR) World Asset Management Inc increased its position in shares of Entergy Corporation (NYSE:ETR) by 2.0% during... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Suffolk Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Five Below, Inc. (FIVE) The Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,509,000 Position in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) The World Asset Management Inc Purchases 392 Shares of Entergy Corporation (ETR) The Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Stake Raised by RKL Wealth Management LLC The KCG Holdings Inc. Sells 2,048 Shares of Hershey Company (The) (HSY) The KCG Holdings Inc. Has $1,652,000 Stake in Teck Resources Ltd. (TCK) The Adirondack Trust Co. Increases Position in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) The World Asset Management Inc Raises Position in America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. (AMX) The Security National Trust Co. Acquires 480 Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) The Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold The Tailored Brands (TLRD) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 The Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Receives Buy Rating from Drexel Hamilton The Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Position Increased by KCG Holdings Inc. The Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (WMB) Shares Sold by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. The CBOE Holdings, Inc. (CBOE) Shares Bought by Nippon Life Insurance Co. The KCG Holdings Inc. Acquires Shares of 7,744 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) The BNP Paribas SA (BNPQY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc. The Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Position Maintained by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co The KCG Holdings Inc. Sells 9,927 Shares of American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) © DailyQuint.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Cindy Adams Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy All the scoop from inauguration week By Cindy Adams View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 22, 2017 | 7:45pm Modal Trigger Getty Images MORE FROM: Cindy Adams Matthew McConaughey is bald, fat and unstunning in new film How Kellyanne Conway made it to the White House Trump ready to redecorate White House in gold Ghosts of the White House past A presidential inauguration history lesson WASHINGTON, DC — Ding-dong Barack is gone. Under B.O.’s ex-consigliere Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Chicago is killing more people than Capone, so in future Obama’s permanent home will be LA. Why? It has sun, golf, armless dresses for his missus and he can wade to Hawaii. The drums are also beating out messages that the wife wants bigtime bread. Large income. Same as Al Gore and Bill Clinton. So what’s inauguration week like? The Bronx Zoo, only with two-legged animals. Washington, DC’s power was determined not by how well you know Donny, but by what hotel will give you a room. On one inauguration I got housed in Savannah, Ga… Donald’s brother’s ex-wife, former legit Trumper Blaine: “I’m at the Trump Hotel, and it was tough to get a room here.” With $5,000-a-shot booze in a Ritz-Carlton hotel safe, plus pillowcases embroidered with “Inauguration 2017,” seeing T-shirted Chris Cuomo there — who said, “All of CNN’s here” — was impressive. The chat: A Gary Hart associate. “Still bitter over that Donna Rice thing, he says, ‘Look what today’s guys get away with’”… Larry King: “LA news is George Clooney’s next to run for president”… Caitlyn Jenner in long black fringe skirt and short black heels for the dinner: “I had to go through hell to get here.” (For the ball, she opted for a one-shoulder navy number)… Monitoring the swearing-in alongside JPMorgan Chase’s breakfast-then-lunch buffet for friends, Jamie Dimon on how to get through the blackness of crisis: “Martinis.” Nearly goosed by Prez! I did not see this, but I’m told it was caught on TV. At one gala, Melania’s seated. I walk over. The Secret Service begins closing in for fear I’m maybe Michael Moore in drag. I’m standing. Melania gets up so we can continue a proper conversation. She’s telling me her dropdead gorgeous flesh-colored long beaded gown’s by Reem Acra. I feel a pressure behind me. Like someone grabbing at my arm. I figure it’s Secret Service. Gracious and patient as is my innate normal kindly loving behavior, I snap: “Get your hands the hell off me.” Cranky, I wheel around only to come nose to nose with the Emperor Elect who, behind me, was trying to hug me. Oy, next time I’ll probably ever get invited to the White House will be when Gingrich gets in there. Glimpse of the scene Johnson & Johnson’s rich rich Woody Johnson, new envoy to the UK, standing on line emptying his pockets at a metal detector… Maria Bartiromo in a ladies’ room, sighing: “We’ve been here five days already”… Alongside Pataki at a Greek event, HRH Prince Pavlos, son of King Constantine: “We’re moving back to Manhattan. We just got a place on Madison in the 70s”… Newt Gingrich at a New Yorkers’ breakfast: “To get something done here requires an intern young enough to still be competent.” The jokes, folks At an invitation-only big-givers lunch, different wardrobe. The breakfast, Gap. At lunch, Cantor Fitzgerald’s Howard Lutnick was inside Brioni. He said: “Maybe Trump can stop all this political bulls - - t.” Betwixt every crush crash existed small pockets where certain anointed, handpicked with a tweezer, could touch the hem or hand of Caesar Augustus Trump. Like the little upstairs area at Union Square Station, where downstairs masses were dining and opining, someone unloaded this joke: “Three presidents in heaven were talking. Obama: ‘I’m for all religions.’ Bush: ‘I’m for American patriotism.’ Trump to St. Peter: ‘You’re sitting in my seat.’” Then Saturday, encircled by the Women’s March, feeling unsafe in my nation’s capital, I returned home. A strange lady on my block greeted me with: “Thank you for standing up for our president.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under donald trump ,  inauguration ,  parties ,  politics ,  washington dc Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Socialite is back on the scene Read Next Socialite is back on the scene Most Popular This Week 1 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 2 Mary Tyler Moore dies at 80 3 Allman Brothers drummer fatally shot himself in front of wife 4 Melania Trump ready to fight back against left-wing haters 5 Ivana left Trump inauguration to avoid Marla Maples 6 Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a guy at the inaugural ball Share Selection Now On Friends fear Club Kid Killer returning to 'party-monster' ways 'Today' staffers fearful amid Megyn Kelly shakeup Jackie Mason: Madonna is a 'deranged yenta' John Hurt dead at 77 Bowie treasures going up for auction Jeb Bush and John Kerry narrowly miss each other at dinner Top scientists stand up to Trump 'Still in shock': Drew Barrymore not ready to date yet 'Hamilton' stars to perform at Super Bowl Migos drops $20K on strippers and booze Stevie Wonder, Tom Petty, Maroon 5 to headline Jazz Fest Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly Kate Middleton and Prince William to attend 2017 BAFTAs ‘Modern Family’ star Ty Burrell selling Culver City condo for $1.4M Michael Keaton's Batman suit sells for $41K Uma Thurman wins primary custody of 4-year-old daughter Judy Garland's corpse makes cross-country trip Heather Dubrow exiting 'Real Housewives of Orange County' Holland Taylor gushes about 'wonderful love' Sarah Paulson Viacom celebrates new Hollywood headquarters with Snoop Dogg and weed SEE ALL Sightings Allison Williams at Dan Kluger’s Loring Place, where makeup guru Bobbi Brown dined with Elvis Duran . . . SEE ALL Video 1:00 Lindsay Lohan bonds with 7-year-old Syrian refugee Trending Now 91,264 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 63,738 John Hurt dead at 77 11,399 'Still in shock': Drew Barrymore not ready to date yet 10,359 Allman Brothers drummer fatally shot himself in front of wife 7,119 Ivana left Trump inauguration to avoid Marla Maples Now On The 7 Sexiest, Dirtiest, & Steamiest Movies on Hulu SEE ALL More Stories nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series pagesix Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Like Gossip? Get the latest celebrity news delivered directly to your inbox Page Six Daily NY Post Morning Report Special Offers Breaking News Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Marijuana News Roundup: Biggest US Banks Are in the Cannabis Business By Paul Ausick January 22, 2017 9:10 am EST Print Email Tweet One of the biggest issues facing cannabis businesses in states with legalized marijuana is their inability to find a bank willing to handle their money. Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, many banks have refused to open accounts for businesses in the cannabis industry. At least that’s what the banks say. What they do, however, may be altogether different. The country’s four biggest banks — Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), and Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) — all declared in 2015 that they did not provided banking services to marijuana related businesses. According to study conducted on behalf of “American Banker,” out of 84 applicants to operate medical marijuana dispensaries in Massachusetts filed between June 2015 and September 2016, 29 of the businesses claimed they had accounts at one of the four big banks or one of the banks’ subsidiaries. Of that total, 17 had a connection to BofA. The accepted wisdom is that big banks do not do business with cannabis businesses, but at least in a relatively small number of cases that appears not to be the case. What will happen under a Trump administration remains to be seen, but Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions has been clear that he will enforce federal law. For more details on the banking study, see the American Banker website. People in the US and Canada Spent Over $53 Billion on Marijuana in 2016 People in North America spent $53.3 billion on legal, medical, and illicit marijuana in 2016. That’s more cash than Americans blow in a year at McDonald’s and Starbucks combined. According to a new report from Arcview Market Research, a leading publisher of marijuana market research, the black market is losing ground to its legal counterpart as consumers spend more money each year on legal cannabis. Progress is slow, however. The North American legal weed market posted $6.7 billion in revenue in 2016, up 30% from the year before. The illicit market generated 87% of total pot sales, down from 90% in 2015. The numbers suggest the legal marijuana industry is growing quickly, but it has a ways to go before it topples the black market, which has the lion’s share of revenue. Read more at Business Insider. Pages: 1/2 « World’s 10 Top Producing Gold Mines Trump Friend, Peter Thiel, Involved In Mexican Wireless Lawsuit » Read more: Consumer Products, entertainment, healthcare, Politics, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? AstraZeneca's Symbicort Granted Pediatric Exclusivity by FDA U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion 3 Quotes from the CEO of Shopify Inc that Every Investor Needs to Read Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa 50 Groups To Learn About If You’re Committed To Intersectional Feminism Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Bonds Drop 0.8% During Trading EOG Resources, Inc. (EOG) Earns Buy Rating from Barclays PLC Affimed N.V. (AFMD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy P.F. Chang's China Bistro (PFCB) Bond Prices Rise 3.9% Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Debt Trading 2.6% Higher Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) SAP SE (SAP) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Hercules Capital, Inc. (HTGC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc (AUPH) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (SMG) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.50 Golar LNG Partners LP Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 (GMLP) WSFS Financial Corporation Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.07 (WSFS) Sussex Bancorp (SBBX) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.04 Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. (OPY) Announces $0.11 Quarterly Dividend Enbridge Energy, L.P. (EEP) Announces $0.58 Quarterly Dividend Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.19 (ETH) Gorman-Rupp Co to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 (GRC) Investors Buy Shares of JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Investors Buy Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. (ELS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages January 22nd, 2017 - By Jessica Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. (NYSE:ELS) has been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the eight analysts that are presently covering the stock. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and one has assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $75.10. ELS has been the subject of a number of research reports. Robert W. Baird upgraded shares of Equity Lifestyle Properties from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $78.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, November 21st. TheStreet downgraded shares of Equity Lifestyle Properties from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Equity Lifestyle Properties from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Evercore ISI initiated coverage on shares of Equity Lifestyle Properties in a research report on Friday, October 14th. They set a “hold” rating and a $74.00 target price for the company. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. (ELS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages” was first reported by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/01/22/equity-lifestyle-properties-inc-els-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Equity Lifestyle Properties (NYSE:ELS) opened at 73.55 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $6.27 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 38.73 and a beta of 0.35. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $70.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $75.31. Equity Lifestyle Properties has a 12 month low of $62.22 and a 12 month high of $83.19. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 30th were given a $0.425 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $1.70 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.31%. Equity Lifestyle Properties’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 89.01%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Equity Lifestyle Properties by 344.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 882,463 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $68,108,000 after buying an additional 684,097 shares during the period. Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Equity Lifestyle Properties during the second quarter worth about $41,492,000. Standard Life Investments LTD raised its stake in Equity Lifestyle Properties by 158.8% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 583,004 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $45,000,000 after buying an additional 357,702 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Equity Lifestyle Properties by 2.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,058,051 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $965,247,000 after buying an additional 289,143 shares during the period. Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG raised its stake in Equity Lifestyle Properties by 392.4% in the second quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 338,857 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $27,126,000 after buying an additional 270,035 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 94.54% of the company’s stock. Equity Lifestyle Properties Company Profile Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company is an integrated owner and operator of lifestyle-oriented properties (Properties) consisting primarily of manufactured home (MH) communities, and recreational vehicle (RV) resorts and campgrounds. The Company operates through two segments: Property Operations, and Home Sales and Rentals Operations. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Equity Lifestyle Properties Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Spirit Realty Capital Inc. (SRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Spirit Realty Capital Inc. (NYSE:SRC) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the fourteen analysts that are covering the firm. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have issued a hold recommendation and ten have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $13.44. A number of research analysts have commented on SRC shares. Mizuho started coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. They set a “buy” rating and a $14.50 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd. Robert W. Baird upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $13.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, November 21st. FBR & Co started coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $13.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Friday, December 16th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $13.00 price target on the stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/spirit-realty-capital-inc-src-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. In related news, CEO Thomas H. Nolan, Jr. sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.44, for a total value of $156,600.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 843,186 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,802,861.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CFO Phillip D. Joseph, Jr. bought 2,516 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $10.75 per share, for a total transaction of $27,047.00. Following the acquisition, the chief financial officer now directly owns 90,378 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $971,563.50. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.50% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of SRC. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 2,571.3% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 8,014 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 7,714 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Spirit Realty Capital during the second quarter valued at approximately $137,000. New England Investment & Retirement Group Inc. acquired a new position in Spirit Realty Capital during the second quarter valued at approximately $139,000. Bellwether Investment Group LLC acquired a new position in Spirit Realty Capital during the second quarter valued at approximately $143,000. Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 77.6% in the second quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 11,498 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $146,000 after buying an additional 5,023 shares during the period. 97.03% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) opened at 10.82 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $5.23 billion, a PE ratio of 48.52 and a beta of 0.53. Spirit Realty Capital has a 12 month low of $8.90 and a 12 month high of $13.97. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.78 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.23. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were issued a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.65%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. This is a positive change from Spirit Realty Capital’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.18. Spirit Realty Capital’s dividend payout ratio is 288.00%. Spirit Realty Capital Company Profile Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) ING Groep NV (INGA) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the sixteen analysts that are currently covering the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is €13.56 ($14.42). Several analysts have recently commented on INGA shares. Deutsche Bank AG set a €14.00 ($14.89) target price on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Citigroup Inc. set a €13.30 ($14.15) target price on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 7th. Macquarie set a €11.00 ($11.70) target price on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €13.80 ($14.68) target price on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 25th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €12.40 ($13.19) target price on ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. Shares of ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 13.365 on Tuesday. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €8.30 and a 1-year high of €14.05. The firm has a market cap of €51.82 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.055. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €13.52 and a 200-day moving average price of €11.70. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-by-analysts.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Pfizer Inc. (PFE) is Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA’s 6th Largest Position Next » Brown & Brown Inc. (BRO) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Ladder Capital Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ladder Capital Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Receives $14.17 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Ladder Capital Corp (NASDAQ:LADR) has received an average rating of “Buy” from the six brokerages that are covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $14.17. A number of analysts recently commented on the stock. Bank of America Corp. downgraded shares of Ladder Capital Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. JMP Securities reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Ladder Capital Corp in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised shares of Ladder Capital Corp from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and set a $14.50 price objective on shares of Ladder Capital Corp in a report on Friday, November 4th. In other Ladder Capital Corp news, major shareholder Investors Ltd. Towerbrook sold 4,441,661 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $13.60, for a total value of $60,406,589.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Credit Suisse AG raised its position in Ladder Capital Corp by 10.3% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 61,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $809,000 after buying an additional 5,679 shares in the last quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. raised its position in Ladder Capital Corp by 9.4% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 128,431 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,700,000 after buying an additional 11,068 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new position in Ladder Capital Corp during the third quarter worth $368,000. UBS Group AG raised its position in Ladder Capital Corp by 6.0% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 720,660 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,541,000 after buying an additional 41,098 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Ladder Capital Corp during the third quarter worth $1,375,000. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Receives $14.17 Consensus Target Price from Analysts” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/ladder-capital-corp-ladr-receives-14-17-consensus-target-price-from-analysts.html. Shares of Ladder Capital Corp (NASDAQ:LADR) opened at 14.04 on Tuesday. Ladder Capital Corp has a 12-month low of $8.64 and a 12-month high of $15.53. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $14.11 and a 200-day moving average of $13.25. The firm has a market cap of $915.41 million and a P/E ratio of 16.23. Ladder Capital Corp (NASDAQ:LADR) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.04. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.40 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Ladder Capital Corp will post $1.49 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 24th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, December 27th will be issued a $0.46 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, December 22nd. Ladder Capital Corp Company Profile Ladder Capital Corp is a commercial real estate finance company. The Company’s segments include loans, securities and real estate. The loans segment includes mortgage loan receivables held for investment (balance sheet loans) and mortgage loan receivables held for sale (conduit loans). The securities segment comprises all of the Company’s activities related to commercial real estate securities, which include investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS) and United States Agency Securities. Receive News & Ratings for Ladder Capital Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ladder Capital Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Juniper Networks Inc. (JNPR) Shares Sold by APG Asset Management N.V. Next » Hugoton Royalty Trust (HGT) Declares $0.01 Dividend Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Enduro Royalty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enduro Royalty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) Announces $0.04 Dividend January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Enduro Royalty Trust (NYSE:NDRO) announced a dividend on Friday, January 20th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a dividend of 0.0362 per share on Tuesday, February 14th. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, January 27th. Shares of Enduro Royalty Trust (NYSE:NDRO) opened at 3.95 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $130.35 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.57 and a beta of 0.66. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $3.76 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.57. Enduro Royalty Trust has a 52 week low of $1.77 and a 52 week high of $4.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) Announces $0.04 Dividend” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/enduro-royalty-trust-ndro-announces-0-04-dividend.html. An institutional investor recently raised its position in Enduro Royalty Trust stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Enduro Royalty Trust (NYSE:NDRO) by 8,771.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 46,219 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 45,698 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.14% of Enduro Royalty Trust worth $171,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Institutional investors own 57.94% of the company’s stock. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Enduro Royalty Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Enduro Royalty Trust Company Profile Enduro Royalty Trust (the Trust) is a statutory trust formed by Enduro Resource Partners LLC (Enduro), as trustor, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee), as trustee, and Wilmington Trust Company (the Delaware Trustee), as Delaware Trustee. The Trust was created to acquire and hold for the benefit of the Trust unitholders a net profits interest representing the right to receive approximately 80% of the net profits from the sale of oil and natural gas production from certain properties in the states of Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico held by Enduro as of the date of the conveyance of the net profits interest to the Trust (the Net Profits Interest). Receive News & Ratings for Enduro Royalty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enduro Royalty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henry Schein Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henry Schein Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Henry Schein Inc. (HSIC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Henry Schein Inc. (NASDAQ:HSIC) has received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twelve research firms that are currently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have issued a hold recommendation and five have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $179.02. HSIC has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Gabelli raised shares of Henry Schein from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $208.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. raised shares of Henry Schein from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $185.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Henry Schein from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $163.00 target price on shares of Henry Schein in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Leerink Swann reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Henry Schein in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. In other news, Director Kurt P. Kuehn purchased 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $151.41 per share, for a total transaction of $151,410.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 2,039 shares in the company, valued at $308,724.99. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Mark E. Mlotek sold 2,417 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $155.19, for a total transaction of $375,094.23. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 40,456 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,278,366.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Advisor Group Inc. purchased a new position in Henry Schein during the second quarter valued at about $106,000. FineMark National Bank & Trust raised its position in Henry Schein by 3.3% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 651 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in Henry Schein by 0.4% in the second quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 742 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 3 shares during the last quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp raised its position in Henry Schein by 29.1% in the second quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 727 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 164 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in Henry Schein by 12.0% in the third quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 978 shares of the company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 105 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 91.30% of the company’s stock. Shares of Henry Schein (NASDAQ:HSIC) opened at 156.90 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $154.12 and its 200-day moving average is $161.15. The company has a market capitalization of $12.63 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.05 and a beta of 1.04. Henry Schein has a 1-year low of $143.64 and a 1-year high of $183.00. Henry Schein (NASDAQ:HSIC) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $1.68 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.65 by $0.03. Henry Schein had a net margin of 4.40% and a return on equity of 18.15%. The firm had revenue of $2.87 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.88 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.55 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Henry Schein will post $6.58 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Henry Schein Inc. (HSIC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages” was first reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/henry-schein-inc-hsic-given-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About Henry Schein Henry Schein, Inc is a provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners. The Company’s segments include healthcare distribution, and technology and value-added services. The healthcare distribution segment aggregates its global dental, animal health and medical operating segments. Receive News & Ratings for Henry Schein Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henry Schein Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Stocks: Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research January 22, 2017 Jamie Williams Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday. According to Zacks, “CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and Winterthur offer investment products, private banking and financial advisory services, as well as insurance and pension solutions. Credit Suisse First Boston provides securities underwriting, sales and trading, financial advisory, investment research, venture capital and asset management services. Because they specialize in gaining a deep understanding of their clients’ financial needs, they know that no one’s needs are two-dimensional. 360° Choice. “ Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Macquarie cut Credit Suisse Group AG from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Bank of America Corp. upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $16.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from an underweight rating to an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $15.94. Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) opened at 14.85 on Monday. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 1-year low of $10.01 and a 1-year high of $22.22. The firm’s market cap is $31.01 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $14.32 and its 200 day moving average price is $12.90. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of CS. Brave Asset Management Inc acquired a new stake in Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter valued at about $105,000. united american securities inc. d b a uas asset management acquired a new stake in Credit Suisse Group AG during the third quarter valued at about $131,000. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. acquired a new stake in Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter valued at about $108,000. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter valued at about $110,000. Finally, Verition Fund Management LLC acquired a new stake in Credit Suisse Group AG during the third quarter valued at about $138,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 2.28% of the company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG Company Profile Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a global financial services company. The Company operates in three segments: Private Banking & Wealth Management and Investment Banking. Private Banking & Wealth Management offers advice and a range of financial solutions to private, corporate and institutional clients. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Business Post navigation The Stocks: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research The Stocks: Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Related posts January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) FinnCap reissued their corporate rating on shares of Castleton Technology PLC (LON:CTP) in a research report... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) Barclays PLC reissued their equal weight rating on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC (LON:CAPC)... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (LON:CITY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) The Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) The Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) The Humana Inc. (HUM) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy The Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research The APG Asset Management N.V. Purchases 115,100 Shares of EOG Resources Inc. (EOG) The Scopia Capital Management LP Purchases New Position in Insys Therapeutics Inc. (INSY) The Scopia Capital Management LP Acquires New Position in Conmed Corp. (CNMD) The Scopia Capital Management LP Invests $112,190,000 in DST Systems Inc. (DST) The Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) The Analytic Investors LLC Buys 74,974 Shares of McCormick & Co. (MKC) The Boston Partners Sells 751,758 Shares of Amgen Inc. (AMGN) The APG Asset Management N.V. Has $105,298,000 Stake in Kraft Heinz Co. (KHC) The Pandora Media Inc. (P) Given a $15.00 Price Target by FBN Securities Analysts The Waste Connections, Inc. (WCN) Given a $84.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. The The Rubicon Project Inc. (RUBI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald The A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN) Receives $9.30 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages The Gemphire Therapeutics Inc. (GEMP) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Choice Hotels International Inc. (CHH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research © DailyQuint.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS January 28, 2017 | Last updated 1:05 AM ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE in India Miss Universe DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2017 The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors13 Markets6 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media1 Careers1 Energy52 Retail2 Shipping1 Technology4 Telecoms2 Tourism2 top stories in Sectors External audit confirms Aramco’s oil reserves Apple to join Amazon, Google in AI group TransCanada submits US application for Keystone Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Dubai Duty Free eyes new airport for growth Japan’s ANA profit soars Qantas to expand international unit Economy4 Property GN Property top stories in Property Ask PW: How to find a good agent in Dubai? Homes to float on Dubai Water Canal Dubai brokers netted Dh1.5b commissions in 2016 Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Citigroup, HSBC said among banks mandated for debut Kuwait bond Deutsche Bank AG, Standard Chartered Plc and NBK Capital were also hired as adviser Published: 13:58 January 22, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE London: Kuwait picked six banks to advise on its first international debt sale as the Opec member joins other Gulf Arab monarchies shoring up public finances after the slump in oil prices. Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co and HSBC Holdings Plc are working as lead managers on the sale, the people said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the information isn’t public. Deutsche Bank AG, Standard Chartered Plc and NBK Capital were also hired as advisers, they said. Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Abu Dhabi raised more than $30 billion (Dh110 billion) from global bond markets last year to finance their budget deficits. The Kuwaiti government said in July it may raise as much as $10 billion from global debt markets. Officials from JPMorgan, HSBC and Deutsche Bank declined to comment when contacted by Bloomberg News. Citigroup and Standard Chartered had no immediate comment and calls to NBK Capital during the weekend weren’t answered. More from Markets Wall Street slightly lower at open Don’t be fooled by the VIX Yes Bank turns Rana Kapoor into billionaire Stock research moves past PDFs Bunds set for worst week since US election Gold posts longest slump of 2017 US stock indexes edge higher in early trading Qatar Investment Fund Q4 NAV falls tags from this storyQatar follow this tag on MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGNStandard Chartered Plc follow this tag on MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGNOrganization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries follow this tag on MGNHSBC follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsQatar follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNStandard Chartered Plc follow this tag on MGN+ MGNKuwait follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MarketsWall Street slightly lower at open Business Gallery Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Highlights: Detroit Auto Show Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Gold hits 2-month high on Trump uncertainty 02UAE markets to remain closed on Sunday 03Trump trade talk fuels yen rally Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 9Images Pictures: Mohammad Bin Zayed in Mumbai Feb 13, 2016 34Images Dubai Shopping Festival 2012 in pictures Jan 31, 2012 10Images LG unveils flagship V20 smartphone Sep 07, 2016 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-01-28 02:10:16 Most Popular on Gulf News Mohammad concludes three-day India visit No visa-free facility for Indians here... Kuwait executes Shaikh Faisal, 6 others Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate here Trump to limit access for certain immigrants 8 things to stop wasting money on Drugs worth Dh46m seized in Sharjah How to buy fresh fish: official explains What's special this Indian Republic Day Close Recommended For You Qatar Investment Fund Q4 NAV fallsPUBLISHED ON Jan 26, 2017 Credit Suisse stays overweight on UAE indicesPUBLISHED ON Jan 26, 2017 Curtains come down on DSF 2017PUBLISHED ON Jan 27, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 (DMTGY) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 (OTCMKTS:DMTGY) has received a consensus rating of “Buy” from the six analysts that are covering the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. A number of research firms recently commented on DMTGY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 in a research note on Sunday, December 4th. Beaufort Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 in a research note on Friday, September 30th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 (DMTGY) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/daily-mailgen-tst-spon-adr-ea-repr-1-dmtgy-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Shares of DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 (OTCMKTS:DMTGY) opened at 10.38 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $10.38 and a 200 day moving average price of $11.34. The firm has a market capitalization of $3500.18 billion and a P/E ratio of 12.18. DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 has a one year low of $10.38 and a one year high of $15.07. About DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 Receive News & Ratings for DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DAILY MAIL&GEN TST SPON ADR EA REPR 1 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business Chase to reduce bonus points offered with popular Sapphire Reserve card Updated: January 22, 2017 — 3:01 AM EST Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Report: Fox 29 anchor Jerrick suspended after vulgar Kellyanne Conway comment 9:11 AM Joel Embiid had the perfect response to All-Star snub 12:43 PM by Susan Tompor, DETROIT FREE PRESS Close icon Susan Tompor DETROIT FREE PRESS Ever imagine that people would be rushing to sign up for a credit card with a $450 annual fee? They have been, though they won't be able to for much longer. In August, when Chase rolled out its Sapphire Reserve credit card, it paired the card with an extraordinary incentive: 100,000 bonus rewards points for spending $4,000 on purchases within three months of opening the account. Chase said the rewards could add up to as much as $1,500 applicable toward travel if redeemed through Chase Ultimate Rewards. In early January, however, the company noted on its website that the 100,000-point incentive will soon be gone, replaced with a 50,000-point perk. The 100,000-point bonus will be available through March 11 only to those applying at bank branches - not online. Points don't expire if an account is open. There's no doubt the card stood out in a crowded landscape. Buzz was big, and the card went viral before Chase did any marketing. At one point, it ran out of the card's metal stock and sent out temporary plastic cards until more of the handcrafted, embossed metal cards were available. In December, JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon told investors that the card had been doing great, and that Chase would have to account for the cost. Dimon said then that the Sapphire Reserve card would reduce the bank's profit by $200 million to $300 million in the fourth quarter. So is Chase reducing the bonus because the card was too successful? Are we likely to see far smaller bonuses in the future? Not necessarily, according to some credit-card experts. "The reduction in the Chase Sapphire Reserve introductory bonus was inevitable. The 100,000-point sign-up bonus was only a temporary offer," said Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com. If you're shopping for a credit card, always consider how you'd use the points, how much you typically spend, and what kind of points you'd build over time. One resource: the Points Guy.com, owned by Bankrate.com, which lists some of the bonus rewards being offered and tips on how best to use travel-related cards. Chase says on its website that the Sapphire Reserve card's interest rate on unpaid balances ranges from 16.24 percent to 23.24 percent, based on creditworthiness. These rates will go up should the prime rate climb. Is the Sapphire Reserve card worthwhile? If you're trying to put a lid on spending right after the holidays, it might present too many temptations. The fine print: You won't earn the 100,000 rewards points with a balance transfer or cash advance. And you'll pay another $75 a year for each additional card for other users. Then again, this deal could work for consumers who know for certain they'll spend $4,000 in the first three months of having the card. "The bonus more than outweighs the annual fee," said Bill Hardekopf, CEO of LowCards.com. "If you wanted to, you could then cancel the card before you are hit with the second-year annual fee of $450." McBride noted that the card may still be worth keeping for many consumers. The $450 fee is partially offset by a $300 annual travel credit applied to your account for travel purchases on your card. The Sapphire Reserve card pays three times the points on travel and dining purchases, compared with double the points on those categories with the Chase Sapphire Preferred, which has a $95 annual fee. On other purchases, you earn one point per dollar on both Reserve and Preferred. Chase notes that travel is defined relatively broadly for the triple-points rewards, including using the card for tolls and taxis. Hardekopf said consumers often like to use bonus points and rewards on airline tickets or hotel rooms. But they can be disappointed by the limited number of rooms or flights available under some rewards programs, or they're only able to use rewards for a certain hotel or airline. "What happens if the hotel down the street has a much better rate when you want to take your trip? Your rewards are not very rewarding at that time," he said. For that reason, some consumers prefer cashback programs. And there are plenty of those, too. Hardekopf points to the Citi Double Cash card, which pays 1 percent when you make the transaction and 1 percent when you pay Citi for the purchase. These rewards apply for all purchases. Published: January 22, 2017 — 3:01 AM EST We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business › Drexel files counterclaims against Sodexo-Magic Johnson firm PhillyDeals › Citizens Bank boss cheers Trump tax, reg moves, urges care on trade, immigration Retail › Online retailer Warby Parker opening full store in Philly on Saturday Hangley elects new chair Age case: Lockheed must pay $51M to laid-off Penn Valley engineer Bowled over: Why it's a super time to buy a TV What La Colombe's founder fears most: Sleeping through life Dangerous & crash-prone: Bensalem roadway among tops in region Bucks woman's elderly father lost $400K to fake IRS agent Mark Zandi: A Trump jobs strategy that will fail Miscommunication blamed in fatal Chester Amtrak crash; engineer tested positive for drugs Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 27, 2017, 9:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Men's fashion trend: The tailored in-between By ELIZABETH WELLINGTON The Philadelphia Inquirer This article was published January 22, 2017 at 2:03 a.m. Comments aAFont Size A new vibe is blowing through the menswear scene this winter. In the corporate world, execs are trading in classic, boxy suits for soft, tailored blazers and relaxed trousers in soft herringbones and funky windowpane prints. Meanwhile, men with a more casual style have (thankfully) moved beyond the slim-yet-droopy-backside jean to the fitted jogger-and-custom-sweatshirt combo. How do they pull it all together? With a sports jacket and velvet high-tops. In other words, fashionable guys spent most of 2016 building wardrobes to reflect the new fashion reality -- the tailored in-between. "Men are dressing down, but they are also dressing up," said Jian DeLeon, senior menswear editor for the global trend forecasting firm World Global Style Network. "It's the choose-your-own-adventure era in menswear. He's trying to figure out which rules he wants to break, depending on what he's feeling like and where he is in life." Corporate dandies -- since J.P. Morgan Chase's decision in June to allow employees to wear silk-blend chinos and cashmere pullovers -- are going more casual. The new breed of chief executive officers (Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Tumblr's David Karp) don't need stiff, classic looks to communicate power. "We have guys who are coming in ready to try something more interesting and comfortable," said Matt Brown, vice president and general manager of Saks Fifth Avenue in Bala Cynwyd, Pa. This fall, Saks introduced its seven office essentials: the refined top (a dressier polo), the perfect (tailored) pant, the hybrid shoe, the sporty suit, the clean sneaker, the easy layer and the leather bag. "The idea is to mix a more casual look like a sneaker or a pullover into his wardrobe mix," Brown said. At the same time, guys are using the tailored pant or sporty suit to take their existing look up a notch. Men also are going more custom, not only for the three-button-blazer-and-vest-suit combos, but for their athletic wear. After all, "athleisure" requires a better fit. "These guys have spent the last few years learning about custom," said Brian Lipstein, the designer behind Henry A. Davidsen. "Now they want the rest of their wardrobe to feel just as nice." A retail landscape that's wooing men is paying off. According to the New York-based consumer tracking service the NPD Group, U.S. menswear sales continue to outpace women's, having increased 3 percent in 2016 over 2015, from $62.5 billion to $64.4 billion, with the fastest-growing categories being two-piece athletic sets and accessories. Runway designers have taken note. In the last year, many of the most popular collections in Paris, Milan and New York have opted to show menswear on their women's runways. In November Calvin Klein's creative director, Raf Simons, announced his decision to show both collections on one runway, joining Gucci, Vivienne Westwood, Paul Smith and Burberry in the practice. Interest in men's fashion has come a long way since the days of the metrosexual -- the original style-obsessed dude who, in the early 2000s, emerged from the ashes of the sloppy '90s wearing a very fitted suit and carrying an umbrella. The typical guy largely ignored this look. But it wasn't long before the ways of the hipster (favoring all things fitted while twirling his ponytail into a man bun) or the "lumbersexual" (urbanites who choose beards and plaid shirts for that rugged outdoorsy look) caught on. With each "trendy dude" reincarnation, men's fashion has blossomed on runways -- and Instagram. So it seems the old fashion fears are gone, whether we're talking about guys who suit up, tend toward the androgynous, don athletic attire, or -- amazing as it may sound -- like all three. His wardrobe can take him from day to night. Sound familiar, ladies? "What finally happened is that guys in basketball like Dwyane Wade and Chris Paul began adopting these looks in their own way, and they became universal and aspirational," said Sabir Peele, a menswear brand consultant and founder of Men's Style Pro. "Guys just started to understand, 'I can do all of this. I can be sporty or wear a suit like a corporate guy. I can create my own look.'" With this new experimentation came an excess of new accessories this past year: dotted pocket squares, solid knit ties, smart fedoras, jackets with custom linings. And the shoes -- whether shined to dress up or clean sneakers to dress down -- pull everything together. High Profile on 01/22/2017 Print Headline: Men's fashion trend: The tailored in-between Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Announcer gets head start by addressing Jocke... Beard decision depends on field of business, ... Wedding attire jumps the track Clothes for the man in love with himself Men's fashion trend: The tailored in-between Task force: Simplify social media rules for k... Spotlight: Literacy Council teaches reading, ... King remembered DEAR ABBY: Couple's Long, joyful marriage is ... Comments on: Men's fashion trend: The tailored in-between To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump: 20% Mexico-goods tax funds wall (27 comments) Arkansas governor signs bill restricting common procedure for second-trimester abortions (27 comments) PHOTOS, VIDEO: At March for Life, vice president pledges to end taxpayer-funded abortion (11 comments) Bills filed to guide medical marijuana in Arkansas, put it on ice (14 comments) Hutchinson 'hesitant' to support smoking ban on medical marijuana (20 comments) University of Arkansas suspends planned gender transition health coverage (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Accuray Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accuray Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Accuray Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.06) Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (ARAY) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Accuray Inc. (NASDAQ:ARAY) – Analysts at Jefferies Group reduced their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for Accuray in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst A. Petrone now forecasts that the firm will post earnings of ($0.06) per share for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of ($0.05). Jefferies Group currently has a “Buy” rating and a $8.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Accuray’s FY2017 earnings at ($0.17) EPS, FY2018 earnings at $0.09 EPS and FY2019 earnings at $0.22 EPS. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Accuray from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Accuray from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $8.00 to $6.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Accuray has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $8.00. WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/accuray-inc-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-0-06-per-share-jefferies-group-forecasts-aray.html. Shares of Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) opened at 5.20 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is $424.80 million. Accuray has a 52 week low of $4.45 and a 52 week high of $6.39. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $4.98 and a 200 day moving average of $5.30. Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported ($0.12) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.10) by $0.02. The company earned $86.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $37.34 million. Accuray had a negative return on equity of 37.94% and a negative net margin of 5.66%. The company’s revenue was down 3.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted ($0.12) EPS. WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/accuray-inc-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-0-06-per-share-jefferies-group-forecasts-aray.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in ARAY. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Accuray by 2.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,745,080 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,817,000 after buying an additional 111,375 shares during the period. Boston Partners boosted its stake in Accuray by 0.3% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 4,571,390 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,120,000 after buying an additional 13,991 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its stake in Accuray by 25.3% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 4,173,052 shares of the company’s stock worth $26,582,000 after buying an additional 842,912 shares during the period. Heartland Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Accuray by 23.4% in the third quarter. Heartland Advisors Inc. now owns 3,672,510 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,394,000 after buying an additional 697,473 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Accuray by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,664,682 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,974,000 after buying an additional 24,382 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 91.02% of the company’s stock. About Accuray Accuray Incorporated is a radiation oncology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets medical devices used in radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer patients. Its products include the CyberKnife Systems, the TomoTherapy Systems, and the Radixact Delivery Treatment Platform. Its technologies, the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy Systems, are designed to deliver treatments, including stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS), stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT), intensity modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), image guided radiation therapy (IGRT) and adaptive radiation therapy. Receive News & Ratings for Accuray Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accuray Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ascena Retail Group Inc. (ASNA) Issued By FBR & Co Next » Jefferies Group Comments on Hancock Holding Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HBHC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inmarsat Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inmarsat Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) January 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet Inmarsat Plc (LON:ISAT)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Sunday. They presently have a GBX 1,020 ($12.73) price target on the stock, down from their previous price target of GBX 1,030 ($12.85). Deutsche Bank AG’s price target points to a potential upside of 61.26% from the company’s current price. ISAT has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,245 ($15.54) target price on shares of Inmarsat Plc in a research note on Monday, October 31st. Barclays PLC dropped their price objective on Inmarsat Plc from GBX 840 ($10.48) to GBX 745 ($9.30) and set an “underweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, October 3rd. J P Morgan Chase & Co cut Inmarsat Plc to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from GBX 950 ($11.86) to GBX 830 ($10.36) in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Berenberg Bank reduced their price objective on Inmarsat Plc from GBX 910 ($11.36) to GBX 740 ($9.23) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 940 ($11.73) price objective on shares of Inmarsat Plc in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 942.07 ($11.76). Shares of Inmarsat Plc (LON:ISAT) opened at 632.50 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 723.45 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 746.34. Inmarsat Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 627.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,120.75. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.84 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/21/deutsche-bank-ag-lowers-inmarsat-plc-isat-price-target-to-gbx-1020.html. In other Inmarsat Plc news, insider Simon Bax acquired 4,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 13th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 715 ($8.92) per share, for a total transaction of £32,175 ($40,153.50). Also, insider Robert Kehler acquired 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 28th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 753 ($9.40) per share, for a total transaction of £7,530 ($9,397.23). About Inmarsat Plc Inmarsat plc is a United Kingdom-based provider of global mobile satellite communications services. The Company’s segments include Maritime, Government, Enterprise, Aviation and Central Services. The Maritime segment focuses on commercial maritime services across the world. The Maritime segment includes the provision of broadband data and safety communications for all vessel sizes. Receive News & Ratings for Inmarsat Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inmarsat Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Comerica Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Comerica Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Wedbush Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Comerica Inc. (CMA) January 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Comerica Inc. (NYSE:CMA) – Equities researchers at Wedbush lowered their Q2 2017 EPS estimates for Comerica in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Wedbush analyst P. Winter now expects that the brokerage will earn $0.99 per share for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $1.00. Wedbush has a “Neutral” rating and a $61.00 price objective on the stock. Comerica (NYSE:CMA) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.92 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.05. Comerica had a return on equity of 6.92% and a net margin of 16.00%. The firm had revenue of $722 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $728.90 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.71 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Wedbush Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Comerica Inc. (CMA)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/21/wedbush-analysts-reduce-earnings-estimates-for-comerica-inc-cma.html. A number of other brokerages have also recently commented on CMA. FBR & Co reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Comerica in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Comerica from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Citigroup Inc. lowered Comerica from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Comerica in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Barclays PLC raised their target price on Comerica from $49.00 to $69.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $49.67. Comerica (NYSE:CMA) opened at 66.96 on Friday. Comerica has a one year low of $30.48 and a one year high of $71.20. The firm has a market capitalization of $11.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.99 and a beta of 1.44. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $67.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $52.80. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Channing Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Comerica during the second quarter worth approximately $10,684,000. Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC raised its position in Comerica by 5.9% in the second quarter. Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC now owns 64,531 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,654,000 after buying an additional 3,602 shares during the last quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC raised its position in Comerica by 0.9% in the second quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 8,040 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $331,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD raised its position in Comerica by 1.5% in the second quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD now owns 13,812 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $568,000 after buying an additional 209 shares during the last quarter. Finally, LMR Partners LLP raised its position in Comerica by 251.2% in the second quarter. LMR Partners LLP now owns 24,413 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,004,000 after buying an additional 17,462 shares during the last quarter. 80.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Wedbush Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Comerica Inc. (CMA)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/21/wedbush-analysts-reduce-earnings-estimates-for-comerica-inc-cma.html. In other news, EVP Megan D. Burkhart sold 4,373 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.72, for a total value of $265,528.56. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Michael T. Ritchie sold 2,362 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.90, for a total value of $120,225.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 7,039 shares of company stock valued at $404,455 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 1.60% of the company’s stock. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, January 1st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.23 dividend. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.37%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. Comerica’s payout ratio is currently 34.33%. Comerica Company Profile Comerica Incorporated (Comerica) is a financial services company. The Company’s principal activity is lending to and accepting deposits from businesses and individuals. Comerica has its operations in three business segments: the Business Bank, the Retail Bank and Wealth Management. In addition to the three business segments, it also operates in the Finance segment. Receive News & Ratings for Comerica Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Comerica Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Insulet Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insulet Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Brokerages Set Insulet Corp. (PODD) Price Target at $43.27 Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Insulet Corp. (NASDAQ:PODD) has earned an average rating of “Buy” from the fourteen ratings firms that are presently covering the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and nine have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $43.27. PODD has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of Insulet Corp. in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on shares of Insulet Corp. in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Zacks Investment Research cut Insulet Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Robert W. Baird raised Insulet Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $39.00 to $47.00 in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Leerink Swann reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $50.00 price objective (down from $55.00) on shares of Insulet Corp. in a research report on Monday, November 7th. In related news, CEO Patrick J. Sullivan purchased 40,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was bought at an average price of $33.89 per share, with a total value of $1,355,600.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Charles Alpuche purchased 6,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 9th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $37.70 per share, with a total value of $248,820.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have acquired 49,700 shares of company stock valued at $1,705,015 in the last three months. 1.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in Insulet Corp. by 0.9% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 7,673 shares of the company’s stock valued at $232,000 after buying an additional 71 shares during the last quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC increased its position in Insulet Corp. by 1.6% in the second quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 7,055 shares of the company’s stock valued at $213,000 after buying an additional 108 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. increased its position in Insulet Corp. by 2.4% in the second quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 8,452 shares of the company’s stock valued at $255,000 after buying an additional 201 shares during the last quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC increased its position in Insulet Corp. by 1.4% in the third quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC now owns 20,203 shares of the company’s stock valued at $827,000 after buying an additional 280 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL increased its position in Insulet Corp. by 2.3% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 13,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $553,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Brokerages Set Insulet Corp. (PODD) Price Target at $43.27” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/brokerages-set-insulet-corp-podd-price-target-at-43-27.html. Shares of Insulet Corp. (NASDAQ:PODD) opened at 42.11 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $38.48 and its 200 day moving average price is $38.65. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.42 billion. Insulet Corp. has a 12 month low of $23.94 and a 12 month high of $45.60. Insulet Corp. (NASDAQ:PODD) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported ($0.05) earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.09) by $0.04. Insulet Corp. had a negative return on equity of 87.46% and a negative net margin of 12.95%. The company earned $94.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $89.75 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned ($0.33) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Insulet Corp. will post ($0.37) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Insulet Corp. Company Profile Insulet Corporation is engaged in the development, manufacturing and sale of the OmniPod Insulin Management System (the OmniPod System), an insulin delivery system for people with insulin-dependent diabetes. The OmniPod System consists of the OmniPod, a small, self-adhesive disposable tubeless OmniPod device, which is worn on the body for approximately three days at a time and its wireless handheld Personal Diabetes Manager (PDM). Receive News & Ratings for Insulet Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insulet Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger NV Decreased by Analyst (SLB) Next » Brokerages Set Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) PT at $294.50 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing ABB Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Analysts Set ABB Ltd. (ABB) Price Target at $24.83 Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet ABB Ltd. (NYSE:ABB) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the sixteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have given a hold recommendation and seven have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $24.83. ABB has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Bank of America Corp. raised shares of ABB from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ABB from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of ABB in a report on Friday, December 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of ABB in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird boosted their price target on shares of ABB from $21.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 5th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/analysts-set-abb-ltd-abb-price-target-at-24-83.html. Shares of ABB (NYSE:ABB) opened at 22.78 on Thursday. ABB has a 52-week low of $15.74 and a 52-week high of $22.92. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $21.17 and a 200 day moving average of $21.38. The stock has a market capitalization of $48.66 billion, a PE ratio of 29.43 and a beta of 1.25. ABB (NYSE:ABB) last released its earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.32 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.02. ABB had a net margin of 4.92% and a return on equity of 17.98%. The firm had revenue of $8.26 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.38 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.26 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that ABB will post $1.01 earnings per share for the current year. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of ABB during the third quarter worth about $102,000. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of ABB by 121.5% in the second quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 6,597 shares of the company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 3,618 shares in the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP bought a new stake in shares of ABB during the third quarter worth about $167,000. Smith Asset Management Group LP bought a new stake in shares of ABB during the second quarter worth about $186,000. Finally, Ronald Blue & Co. LLC bought a new stake in shares of ABB during the third quarter worth about $216,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.07% of the company’s stock. About ABB ABB Ltd (ABB) is engaged in power and automation technologies. The Company manages its business based on five divisions: Discrete Automation and Motion, Low Voltage Products, Process Automation, Power Products and Power Systems. The Discrete Automation and Motion division provides low-voltage and medium-voltage drive products and systems for industrial, commercial and residential applications. Receive News & Ratings for ABB Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Alamos Gold Inc. (AGI) Receives $9.70 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Next » Analysts Set Medpace Holdings Inc. (MEDP) PT at $34.67 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MannKind Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MannKind Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Price Target Cut to $113.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Price Target Cut to $34.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Given “Hold” Rating at Brean Capital ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Price Target Raised to $86.00 at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Canadian National Railway Company to Post FY2019 Earnings of $5.72 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts (CNR) Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR) Price Target Increased to $41.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co FY2019 EPS Estimates for Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Decreased by Analyst Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research EQT GP Holdings, LP (EQGP) Now Covered by Analysts at Janney Montgomery Scott CPB Inc. (CPF) Upgraded to Buy by Compass Point American Midstream Partners, LP (AMID) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research 8×8 Inc (EGHT) Given New $18.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Morgan Stanley Raises Position in VCA Inc. (WOOF) Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Given New $34.00 Price Target at Monness Crespi & Hardt Bokf Na Continues to Hold Position in Infosys Limited (INFY) Bokf Na Lowers Position in Carlisle Companies Incorporated (CSL) BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Bokf Na Has $453,000 Position in Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) MannKind Corp. (MNKD) Receives $0.59 Consensus PT from Analysts January 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of MannKind Corp. (NASDAQ:MNKD) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the eight ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have issued a hold recommendation and one has issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $0.59. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of MannKind Corp. in a report on Friday, November 11th. MannKind Corp. (NASDAQ:MNKD) opened at 0.6381 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $0.66 and its 200-day moving average is $0.72. MannKind Corp. has a 52 week low of $0.41 and a 52 week high of $2.24. The company’s market cap is $305.25 million. MannKind Corp. (NASDAQ:MNKD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.26 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.31. The company earned $162.35 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2 million. On average, analysts anticipate that MannKind Corp. will post $0.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “MannKind Corp. (MNKD) Receives $0.59 Consensus PT from Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/21/mannkind-corp-mnkd-receives-0-59-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of MannKind Corp. by 24.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 148,155 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 28,777 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of MannKind Corp. by 8.9% in the second quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 179,005 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $208,000 after buying an additional 14,653 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of MannKind Corp. by 2.6% in the second quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 186,680 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $217,000 after buying an additional 4,663 shares during the period. Royal Bank of Canada boosted its stake in shares of MannKind Corp. by 29.7% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 195,551 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $226,000 after buying an additional 44,835 shares during the period. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of MannKind Corp. by 30.0% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 210,098 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $244,000 after buying an additional 48,453 shares during the period. 20.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. MannKind Corp. Company Profile MannKind Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery and development of therapeutic products for diseases, such as diabetes. Its product candidate is AFREZZA, which is an inhaled insulin used to control high blood sugar in adults with type I and type II diabetes and helps in glycemic control. Receive News & Ratings for MannKind Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MannKind Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Citigroup, HSBC Said Among Banks Advising on Debut Kuwaiti Bond by Dinesh Nair @DNair5 More stories by Dinesh Nair and Alaa Shahine @alaashahine More stories by Alaa Shahine January 22, 2017, 1:42 AM EST January 22, 2017, 9:00 PM EST Other advisors include JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, StanChart Government said it may raise as much as $10 billion of debt Kuwait picked six banks to advise on its first international debt sale as the OPEC member joins other Gulf Arab monarchies shoring up public finances after the slump in oil prices. Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and HSBC Holdings Plc are working as lead managers on the sale, the people said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the information isn’t public. Deutsche Bank AG, Standard Chartered Plc and NBK Capital were also hired as advisers, they said. Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Abu Dhabi raised more than $30 billion from global bond markets last year to finance their budget deficits. The Kuwaiti government said in July it may raise as much as $10 billion from global debt markets. The country is rated AA at S&P Global Ratings, the third-highest investment grade. Deputy Prime Minister Anas Al Saleh said on Friday he expects the budget deficit to drop below the 9.6 billion dinar ($31.5 billion) forecast by the government. An average oil price of $55 would cut the shortfall by half, he said. “When we close the accounts, our deficit will be less,” he told Bloomberg Television’s Erik Schatzker at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Officials from JPMorgan, HSBC and Deutsche Bank declined to comment when contacted by Bloomberg News. Citigroup and Standard Chartered had no immediate comment and calls to NBK Capital during the weekend weren’t answered. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $1,895,000 Stake in Computer Sciences Corp. (CSC) January 22, 2017 Jamie Williams Louisiana State Employees Retirement System lowered its stake in shares of Computer Sciences Corp. (NYSE:CSC) by 1.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 36,300 shares of the company’s stock after selling 600 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Computer Sciences Corp. were worth $1,895,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Creative Planning raised its position in Computer Sciences Corp. by 31.6% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 516 shares during the last quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC raised its position in Computer Sciences Corp. by 4.0% in the second quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 2,726 shares of the company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 104 shares during the last quarter. Laurion Capital Management LP acquired a new position in Computer Sciences Corp. during the second quarter valued at $204,000. Jane Street Group LLC acquired a new position in Computer Sciences Corp. during the second quarter valued at $204,000. Finally, Savant Capital LLC acquired a new position in Computer Sciences Corp. during the second quarter valued at $207,000. 96.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Computer Sciences Corp. (NYSE:CSC) traded down 2.41% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $59.62. The company had a trading volume of 805,732 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $60.77 and a 200-day moving average of $52.63. Computer Sciences Corp. has a one year low of $24.27 and a one year high of $63.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $8.40 billion. Computer Sciences Corp. (NYSE:CSC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.61 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.14. Computer Sciences Corp. had a positive return on equity of 16.62% and a negative net margin of 1.21%. The firm had revenue of $1.87 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.87 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.19 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Computer Sciences Corp. will post $2.78 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, January 25th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, January 4th will be paid a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.94%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, December 30th. Computer Sciences Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is -84.85%. A number of brokerages have commented on CSC. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $53.00 target price on Computer Sciences Corp. and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, November 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “hold” rating and issued a $61.00 target price on shares of Computer Sciences Corp. in a research note on Friday, November 4th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating on shares of Computer Sciences Corp. in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Jefferies Group restated a “buy” rating on shares of Computer Sciences Corp. in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $68.00 target price on shares of Computer Sciences Corp. in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Computer Sciences Corp. has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $51.75. In other Computer Sciences Corp. news, CFO Paul N. Saleh sold 10,000 shares of Computer Sciences Corp. stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.93, for a total value of $519,300.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 96,153 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,993,225.29. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Chairman John M. Lawrie sold 2,900 shares of Computer Sciences Corp. stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, October 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.26, for a total value of $160,254.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 386,329 shares in the company, valued at approximately $21,348,540.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.53% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Computer Sciences Corp. Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) is a global provider of information technology (IT) and professional services and solutions. The Company operates through two segments: Global Business Services (GBS) and Global Infrastructure Services (GIS). The GBS segment provides various technology solutions, including consulting, applications services and software. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CSC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Computer Sciences Corp. (NYSE:CSC). Business Post navigation The Cubic Asset Management LLC Has $1,658,000 Position in Aetna Inc. (AET) The BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Sold by Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC Related posts January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) FinnCap reissued their corporate rating on shares of Castleton Technology PLC (LON:CTP) in a research report... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) Barclays PLC reissued their equal weight rating on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC (LON:CAPC)... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (LON:CITY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) The Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) The Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) The Humana Inc. (HUM) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy The Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research The APG Asset Management N.V. Purchases 115,100 Shares of EOG Resources Inc. (EOG) The Scopia Capital Management LP Purchases New Position in Insys Therapeutics Inc. (INSY) The Scopia Capital Management LP Acquires New Position in Conmed Corp. (CNMD) The Scopia Capital Management LP Invests $112,190,000 in DST Systems Inc. (DST) The Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) The Analytic Investors LLC Buys 74,974 Shares of McCormick & Co. (MKC) The Boston Partners Sells 751,758 Shares of Amgen Inc. (AMGN) The APG Asset Management N.V. Has $105,298,000 Stake in Kraft Heinz Co. (KHC) The Pandora Media Inc. (P) Given a $15.00 Price Target by FBN Securities Analysts The Waste Connections, Inc. (WCN) Given a $84.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. The The Rubicon Project Inc. (RUBI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald The A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN) Receives $9.30 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages The Gemphire Therapeutics Inc. (GEMP) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Choice Hotels International Inc. (CHH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research © DailyQuint.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance La Quinta Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for La Quinta Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Shares Bought by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Hodges Capital Management Inc. Purchases 3,577 Shares of Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Benson Investment Management Company Inc. Acquires New Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) First Command Bank Invests $121,000 in Tribune Media Company (TRCO) Blackhill Capital Inc. Has $286,000 Position in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Epoch Investment Partners Inc. Raises Stake in Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target Cut to $65.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) Price Target Increased to $89.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC MYR Group, Inc. (MYRG) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at FBR & Co Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) Upgraded to Overweight by Piper Jaffray Companies Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Price Target Cut to $113.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Price Target Cut to $34.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Given “Hold” Rating at Brean Capital ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Price Target Raised to $86.00 at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Canadian National Railway Company to Post FY2019 Earnings of $5.72 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts (CNR) Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR) Price Target Increased to $41.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co FY2019 EPS Estimates for Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Decreased by Analyst UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Maintains Stake in La Quinta Holdings Inc. (LQ) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 54,601 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.’s holdings in La Quinta Holdings were worth $611,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of LQ. EverPoint Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in La Quinta Holdings during the second quarter valued at approximately $116,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC acquired a new stake in La Quinta Holdings during the second quarter valued at approximately $124,000. Parametrica Management Ltd acquired a new stake in La Quinta Holdings during the third quarter valued at approximately $135,000. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in La Quinta Holdings by 17.4% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 13,088 shares of the company’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 1,936 shares during the period. Finally, Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC acquired a new stake in La Quinta Holdings during the second quarter valued at approximately $167,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 98.04% of the company’s stock. La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ) traded down 3.62% during trading on Friday, reaching $14.13. 1,431,065 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. La Quinta Holdings Inc. has a one year low of $9.42 and a one year high of $14.85. The stock has a market cap of $1.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 256.91 and a beta of 1.96. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $13.76 and its 200-day moving average price is $11.89. La Quinta Holdings (NYSE:LQ) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.19. La Quinta Holdings had a net margin of 0.65% and a return on equity of 9.67%. The company had revenue of $272.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $267.50 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.19 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that La Quinta Holdings Inc. will post $0.51 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/ubs-asset-management-americas-inc-maintains-stake-in-la-quinta-holdings-inc-lq.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of La Quinta Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, November 26th. Bank of America Corp. raised shares of La Quinta Holdings from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Morgan Stanley reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a $10.00 price target (down from $11.00) on shares of La Quinta Holdings in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating and set a $11.00 price target on shares of La Quinta Holdings in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. started coverage on shares of La Quinta Holdings in a report on Monday, September 26th. They set a “sell” rating and a $9.00 price target on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $12.65. La Quinta Holdings Company Profile La Quinta Holdings Inc is an owner, operator and franchisor of select-service hotels primarily serving the midscale and upper-midscale segments under the La Quinta brand. The Company’s segments include owned hotels, franchise and management, and corporate and other. The owned hotels segment derives its earnings from the operation of owned hotel properties located in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ). Receive News & Ratings for La Quinta Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for La Quinta Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Douglas Emmett Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $849,000 Position in Douglas Emmett Inc. (DEI) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Douglas Emmett Inc. (NYSE:DEI) by 0.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 23,180 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 81 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Douglas Emmett were worth $849,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 2.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 21,259,937 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $755,152,000 after buying an additional 533,442 shares during the last quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 21.6% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 16,114,639 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $572,392,000 after buying an additional 2,857,418 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 114.4% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 11,409,301 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $405,259,000 after buying an additional 6,087,389 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 3.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 6,837,672 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $242,874,000 after buying an additional 197,011 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 1.4% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 6,073,506 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $215,730,000 after buying an additional 81,277 shares during the last quarter. 98.31% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Douglas Emmett Inc. (NYSE:DEI) traded up 1.37% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $37.80. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,012,352 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $36.86 and its 200-day moving average is $36.56. The company has a market cap of $5.73 billion, a PE ratio of 72.55 and a beta of 0.82. Douglas Emmett Inc. has a 12-month low of $24.73 and a 12-month high of $39.25. Douglas Emmett (NYSE:DEI) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.47 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $192.12 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $104.86 million. Douglas Emmett had a return on equity of 3.04% and a net margin of 11.27%. Douglas Emmett’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.40 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Douglas Emmett Inc. will post $0.51 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were issued a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.43%. This is a positive change from Douglas Emmett’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.22. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. Douglas Emmett’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 176.93%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/mitsubishi-ufj-kokusai-asset-management-co-ltd-has-849000-position-in-douglas-emmett-inc-dei.html. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on DEI shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Douglas Emmett from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research cut Douglas Emmett from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co. set a $40.00 price target on Douglas Emmett and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $36.54. In related news, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 140,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.59, for a total transaction of $4,982,600.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 117,288 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.90, for a total value of $4,327,927.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 397,288 shares of company stock worth $14,417,727. 23.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Douglas Emmett Company Profile Douglas Emmett, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. The Company is owner and operator of office and multifamily properties located in submarkets in California and Hawaii. The Company operates in two segments: the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office real estate, and the acquisition, development, ownership and management of multifamily real estate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DEI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Douglas Emmett Inc. (NYSE:DEI). Receive News & Ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Buys 990 Shares of Sabre Corp. (SABR) Next » Schlumberger NV (SLB) Shares Sold by IMS Capital Management Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (MJN) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD cut its stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE:MJN) by 0.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,339 shares of the company’s stock after selling 40 shares during the period. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD’s holdings in Mead Johnson Nutrition were worth $1,290,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. FNY Managed Accounts LLC bought a new stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition during the third quarter valued at about $125,000. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC bought a new stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition during the second quarter valued at about $128,000. Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. bought a new stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition during the second quarter valued at about $180,000. MSI Financial Services Inc raised its stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition by 13.7% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 2,632 shares of the company’s stock valued at $208,000 after buying an additional 318 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ingalls & Snyder LLC bought a new stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition during the second quarter valued at about $214,000. Institutional investors own 94.44% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE:MJN) traded down 0.01% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $74.84. 1,382,101 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $13.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.81 and a beta of 1.40. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $71.69 and its 200 day moving average is $79.57. Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. has a 52 week low of $65.53 and a 52 week high of $94.40. Mead Johnson Nutrition (NYSE:MJN) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.87 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.01. Mead Johnson Nutrition had a net margin of 13.26% and a negative return on equity of 119.05%. The business had revenue of $937.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $933.43 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.77 earnings per share. Mead Johnson Nutrition’s revenue was down 4.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. will post $3.44 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 6th. Investors of record on Friday, December 23rd were given a dividend of $0.4125 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 21st. This represents a $1.65 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.20%. Mead Johnson Nutrition’s dividend payout ratio is 61.34%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (MJN) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/mead-johnson-nutrition-co-mjn-shares-sold-by-sumitomo-mitsui-asset-management-company-ltd.html. MJN has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $95.00 price objective on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $88.00 price objective (up from $85.00) on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition in a report on Friday, October 21st. Susquehanna reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Mead Johnson Nutrition from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $90.00 to $75.00 in a report on Friday, October 28th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $86.62. In related news, Director Anna C. Catalano sold 656 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $74.99, for a total transaction of $49,193.44. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 8,796 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $659,612.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.50% of the company’s stock. Mead Johnson Nutrition Company Profile Mead Johnson Nutrition Company (Mead Johnson) is a pediatric nutrition company. The Company manufactures, distributes and sells infant formulas, children’s nutrition and other nutritional products. The Company operates through three segments: Asia, North America/Europe and Latin America. Its product portfolio includes routine and specialty infant formulas, children’s milks and milk modifiers, dietary supplements for pregnant and breastfeeding mothers, pediatric vitamins, and products for pediatric metabolic disorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MJN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. (NYSE:MJN). Receive News & Ratings for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Now Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Now Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Prudential Financial Inc. Has $1,452,000 Stake in Now Inc. (DNOW) Posted by William Strong on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. reduced its position in Now Inc. (NYSE:DNOW) by 1.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 67,767 shares of the company’s stock after selling 810 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. owned 0.06% of Now worth $1,452,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Now by 6.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 7,761,152 shares of the company’s stock worth $140,787,000 after buying an additional 473,442 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Now by 49.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,308,092 shares of the company’s stock worth $96,289,000 after buying an additional 1,764,444 shares during the last quarter. FIL Ltd boosted its position in shares of Now by 13.4% in the second quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 4,262,024 shares of the company’s stock worth $77,313,000 after buying an additional 502,745 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Now by 22.5% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,481,391 shares of the company’s stock worth $63,150,000 after buying an additional 638,800 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in shares of Now by 2.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,230,779 shares of the company’s stock worth $58,606,000 after buying an additional 66,361 shares during the last quarter. Now Inc. (NYSE:DNOW) traded up 1.16% during trading on Friday, reaching $21.85. 659,972 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $21.59 and a 200 day moving average of $20.54. Now Inc. has a one year low of $12.03 and a one year high of $23.53. The firm’s market cap is $2.35 billion. Now (NYSE:DNOW) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported ($0.34) EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.38) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $520 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $530.19 million. Now had a negative return on equity of 10.87% and a negative net margin of 18.62%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 30.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.17) earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Now Inc. will post ($1.42) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/prudential-financial-inc-has-1452000-stake-in-now-inc-dnow.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on DNOW shares. Susquehanna upgraded shares of Now from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $19.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. KeyCorp restated a “hold” rating on shares of Now in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “hold” rating and set a $14.00 target price on shares of Now in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Now from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one has issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Now presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $21.00. About Now NOW Inc (NOW) is a global distributor to energy and industrial markets. The Company operates primarily under the DistributionNOW and Wilson Export brands. The Company operates through three segments: United States (U.S.), Canada and International. Through its network of over 300 locations across the world, it stocks and sells an offering of energy products, as well as a selection of products for industrial applications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DNOW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Now Inc. (NYSE:DNOW). Receive News & Ratings for Now Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Now Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BlackRock Advisors LLC Buys 370 Shares of Energizer Holdings Inc. (ENR) Next » Prudential Financial Inc. Has $1,408,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Alphabet Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Condor Capital Management Lowers Position in Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Condor Capital Management reduced its stake in shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) by 4.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,204 shares of the company’s stock after selling 91 shares during the period. Condor Capital Management’s holdings in Alphabet were worth $1,713,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. DIAM Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 25.8% in the third quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. now owns 70,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,761,000 after buying an additional 14,457 shares during the last quarter. ClariVest Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 32.1% in the third quarter. ClariVest Asset Management LLC now owns 102,158 shares of the company’s stock valued at $79,407,000 after buying an additional 24,840 shares during the last quarter. IPG Investment Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Alphabet during the third quarter valued at approximately $442,000. BBT Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 188.9% in the third quarter. BBT Capital Management LLC now owns 8,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,218,000 after buying an additional 17,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Montag A & Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 1.9% in the third quarter. Montag A & Associates Inc. now owns 15,852 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,322,000 after buying an additional 290 shares during the last quarter. 34.19% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded up 0.35% on Friday, reaching $805.02. 1,670,045 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $554.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.46 and a beta of 0.93. Alphabet Inc. has a one year low of $663.06 and a one year high of $816.68. The company’s 50 day moving average is $790.98 and its 200-day moving average is $772.75. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $9.06 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $8.62 by $0.44. Alphabet had a net margin of 22.29% and a return on equity of 15.08%. The business earned $22.45 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $13.17 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $7.35 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 20.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Alphabet Inc. will post $34.46 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/condor-capital-management-lowers-position-in-alphabet-inc-goog.html. Several brokerages recently commented on GOOG. Pacific Crest began coverage on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. They issued an “overweight” rating for the company. Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and forty-four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $941.91. In related news, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $808.06, for a total value of $3,232,240.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,416 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,952,272.96. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Ann Mather sold 43 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $788.10, for a total transaction of $33,888.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 1,656 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,305,093.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 899,586 shares of company stock valued at $711,964,231. Insiders own 13.92% of the company’s stock. Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc (Google). The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GOOG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG). Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Epam Systems Inc. (EPAM) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC Next » BlackRock Advisors LLC Buys 370 Shares of Energizer Holdings Inc. (ENR) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Exxon Mobil Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Argentus Capital Management LLC Has $2,407,000 Position in Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) Posted by William Strong on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Argentus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE:XOM) by 21.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 27,579 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,961 shares during the period. Exxon Mobil Corp. accounts for about 0.8% of Argentus Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 9th largest position. Argentus Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Exxon Mobil Corp. were worth $2,407,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the stock. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. increased its position in Exxon Mobil Corp. by 166.5% in the second quarter. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. now owns 1,106 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 691 shares during the period. Equitec Proprietary Markets LLC bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. during the third quarter worth approximately $107,000. Tuttle Tactical Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $125,000. Horan Securities Inc. bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. during the third quarter worth approximately $137,000. Finally, Cantab Capital Partners LLP bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $183,000. 49.95% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE:XOM) opened at 85.89 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $356.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.21 and a beta of 0.89. Exxon Mobil Corp. has a 1-year low of $71.55 and a 1-year high of $95.55. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $88.89 and its 200 day moving average price is $88.13. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE:XOM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, October 28th. The company reported $0.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.03. Exxon Mobil Corp. had a return on equity of 5.04% and a net margin of 3.98%. The firm earned $58.68 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $61.34 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.01 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Exxon Mobil Corp. will post $2.19 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Argentus Capital Management LLC Has $2,407,000 Position in Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM)” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/argentus-capital-management-llc-has-2407000-position-in-exxon-mobil-corp-xom.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the company. Jefferies Group set a $92.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil Corp. and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Wells Fargo & Co. downgraded Exxon Mobil Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr upgraded Exxon Mobil Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $94.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil Corp. and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. set a $96.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil Corp. and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, December 26th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Exxon Mobil Corp. has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $87.52. In related news, VP Bryan W. Milton sold 10,952 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.42, for a total value of $957,423.84. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 176,330 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,414,768.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP Neil A. Chapman sold 16,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.00, for a total value of $1,392,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 222,299 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,340,013. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 63,054 shares of company stock valued at $5,544,316. 0.14% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Exxon Mobil Corp. Exxon Mobil Corporation is an energy company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas, manufacturing of petroleum products, and transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and various specialty products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XOM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE:XOM). Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Texas Permanent School Fund Has $2,435,000 Position in SLM Corp. (SLM) Next » Fossil Group Inc. (FOSL) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Aspen Aerogels Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aspen Aerogels Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Rent-A-Center Inc. (RCII) Debt Trading 3.1% Lower Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (ACRE) TICC Capital Corp. (TICC) Shares Sold by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Incyte Corporation (INCY) Shares Sold by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Shares Bought by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Purchases 10,577 Shares of Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Raises Position in Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Gotham Asset Management LLC Sells 20,709 Shares of Vmware, Inc. (VMW) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Cuts Position in MRC Global Inc. (MRC) PACCAR (PCAR) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Has $203,000 Position in uniQure N.V. (QURE) Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Position Maintained by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Continues to Hold Position in Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (MCRB) Clinton Group Inc. Buys Shares of 29,530 Equifax, Inc. (EFX) Clinton Group Inc. Acquires New Position in Harris Corporation (HRS) 114,484 Shares in CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (CAA) Acquired by Clinton Group Inc. 1,059,430 Shares in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company 365,784 Shares in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (AEM) Aspen Aerogels Inc. (ASPN) Shares Bought by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Aspen Aerogels Inc. (NYSE:ASPN) by 6.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 696,680 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 39,600 shares during the period. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. owned 3.38% of Aspen Aerogels worth $4,152,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in ASPN. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Aspen Aerogels by 2.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 81,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $404,000 after buying an additional 1,644 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Aspen Aerogels by 0.7% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 566,095 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,813,000 after buying an additional 4,062 shares during the period. Firsthand Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Aspen Aerogels by 16.7% in the second quarter. Firsthand Capital Management Inc. now owns 35,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $174,000 after buying an additional 5,000 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Aspen Aerogels by 10.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 154,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $921,000 after buying an additional 14,500 shares during the period. Finally, GSA Capital Partners LLP increased its position in shares of Aspen Aerogels by 71.6% in the second quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 44,129 shares of the company’s stock valued at $219,000 after buying an additional 18,419 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 75.16% of the company’s stock. Shares of Aspen Aerogels Inc. (NYSE:ASPN) opened at 4.36 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is $89.74 million. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $4.15 and a 200-day moving average price of $4.91. Aspen Aerogels Inc. has a 12-month low of $3.38 and a 12-month high of $6.71. Aspen Aerogels (NYSE:ASPN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported ($0.13) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.09) by $0.04. The business earned $29.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $29.05 million. Aspen Aerogels had a negative return on equity of 3.82% and a negative net margin of 3.64%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted ($0.11) earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Aspen Aerogels Inc. will post ($0.44) EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Aspen Aerogels Inc. (ASPN) Shares Bought by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P.” was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/aspen-aerogels-inc-aspn-shares-bought-by-tocqueville-asset-management-l-p.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $8.00 price target (down from $9.50) on shares of Aspen Aerogels in a report on Friday, November 4th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Aspen Aerogels from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Aspen Aerogels from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Citigroup Inc. downgraded shares of Aspen Aerogels from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $6.00 to $4.50 in a report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities downgraded shares of Aspen Aerogels from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $7.50. Aspen Aerogels Company Profile Aspen Aerogels, Inc is an energy technology company that designs, develops and manufactures aerogel insulation used primarily in energy infrastructure facilities. The Company also performs contract research services for various federal and non-federal government agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy and other institutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ASPN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Aspen Aerogels Inc. (NYSE:ASPN). Receive News & Ratings for Aspen Aerogels Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aspen Aerogels Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Woodley Farra Manion Portfolio Management Inc. Raises Position in Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) Next » F.N.B. Corp. (FNB) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 1/22/2017 7:16 AM Nonfiduciary regulations: How Obama changed investing forever Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close In early 2015, the White House Council of Economic Advisers put out a report estimating that "conflicted investment advice" cost Americans $17 billion a year. It isn't clear what got more attention, that figure (which the financial industry disputed) or the White House letterhead it was delivered on. Pete Marovich/Bloomberg, File Photo   Ben Steverman Bloomberg     Here's how one corner of Wall Street got a lesson in the power of the U.S. presidency. For years, personal finance writers have warned readers to keep an eye on their financial advisers. Some advisers, we pointed out over and over, are more like salespeople, paid to steer you toward particular products and prone to charging huge, unnecessary upfront fees. Other advisers are "fiduciaries," allowed to charge for their services but required to put their clients' interests first. We could sense many readers didn't quite get it. The concept of a "fiduciary" seemed legalistic and abstract. It was also hard to believe. Why wouldn't financial advisers put their clients' interests first, as doctors, nurses, and lawyers are bound to do? What kind of business model is that? Then the president of the United States got involved. In early 2015, the White House Council of Economic Advisers put out a report estimating that "conflicted investment advice" cost Americans $17 billion a year. It isn't clear what got more attention, that figure (which the financial industry disputed) or the White House letterhead it was delivered on. More headlines came when the federal government started tightening regulations on nonfiduciary advisers. The U.S. Department of Labor's rule, now finalized and scheduled for implementation in April, requires that firms put clients' best interests first when handling retirement accounts. This was hardly the top priority of President Barack Obama's administration. But, despite fierce criticism from industry groups and members of Congress, the administration persisted. Obama mentioned the topic again in his Dec. 17 weekly radio address. "We cracked down on conflicts of interest by making sure professionals who give you retirement advice do so in your best interest, not in theirs," he said. President-elect Donald Trump could delay the new rules or, eventually, scrap them. Critics argue the DOL rule will raise the costs of financial advice, and thus limit access for middle-income investors. A bill introduced Jan. 6 by Rep. Joe Wilson, a South Carolina Republican, would delay the DOL rule for two years. He called the rule "one of the most costly, burdensome regulations to come from the Obama administration." Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci, the founder of SkyBridge Capital, told Bloomberg News that it's "a bad regulation that will kill jobs and hurt the very investors it purports to protect." It may be too late. Wall Street is already spending millions of dollars overhauling procedures and creating new products that are easier to sell under the new rules. JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America's Merrill Lynch both announced they'd stop charging commissions on individual retirement accounts. Insurance companies are creating new, DOL-compliant products, as sales of variable annuities, frequently criticized by experts for high fees, plunge. "I personally don't think you can put the genie back in the bottle," Gary Shedlin, the chief financial officer of BlackRock, the largest asset manager in the world, said last month at a conference. His firm, and others, should ultimately benefit from the rule, Shedlin said, because "a better ecosystem for the end client will ultimately result in people feeling more comfortable to put money to work." Even if firms wanted to go back, would their customers let them? Presidential attention didn't just change the rules. It helped change how investors shop for financial help. Journalists had a new excuse to repeat their warnings about conflicted advisers and high fees. So did comedians. In June, shortly after Obama vetoed a congressional resolution that would have blocked the DOL rule, John Oliver spent most of his show, Last Week Tonight, talking about the dangers of high-fee retirement plans and nonfiduciary advisers. Kristin Chenoweth and Billy Eichner were enlisted to drive home the advice. So far, 5.7 million people have watched Oliver's video on YouTube. Money Magazine put Oliver on its cover last month, declaring him the year's "Money Champion." For the first time, people seemed to understand what the experts and better-informed investors had been trying to explain -- that high fees and conflicts of interest are dangerous for anyone saving for retirement. Those ideas were already driving a surge of money into low-cost index funds and away from expensive actively managed funds. Over the last couple years, they took hold among the wider public. It started in 2015, when the White House began talking about the issue. For the first time, people began to specifically request "fiduciary" advisers, said Sheryl Garrett, founder of the Garrett Planning Network, which connects people with hourly advice from fiduciary financial planners. "They didn't necessarily know what 'fiduciary' means, but they have learned [that] they only want to work with a fiduciary," Garrett said. Those requests only increased over the past year, she said, with many of her customers citing Oliver's influence. Congress and Trump may try to dislodge the new regulations, but some of the changes to Wall Street business models and investor perceptions look permanent. The old models relied on customers' trust, and ignorance. These days, if you're an adviser sticking to the familiar sales pitch, be prepared for a barrage of tough questions. You have Obama to blame. Tweet This article filed under: Business Finance Bloomberg Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Retail Properties of America Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Retail Properties of America Inc. (RPAI) Shares Bought by BlackRock Investment Management LLC January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Retail Properties of America Inc. (NYSE:RPAI) by 1.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 303,934 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,082 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC owned about 0.13% of Retail Properties of America worth $5,106,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in RPAI. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado boosted its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 0.4% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 7,654 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 31 shares in the last quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY boosted its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 0.4% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 19,569 shares of the company’s stock worth $331,000 after buying an additional 69 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 1.5% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 24,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $418,000 after buying an additional 368 shares in the last quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC boosted its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 2.0% in the second quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC now owns 52,869 shares of the company’s stock worth $894,000 after buying an additional 1,020 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Amalgamated Bank boosted its stake in shares of Retail Properties of America by 4.0% in the second quarter. Amalgamated Bank now owns 28,708 shares of the company’s stock worth $487,000 after buying an additional 1,111 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.69% of the company’s stock. Retail Properties of America Inc. (NYSE:RPAI) opened at 15.12 on Friday. Retail Properties of America Inc. has a one year low of $14.02 and a one year high of $17.78. The company has a 50-day moving average of $15.25 and a 200-day moving average of $16.17. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.28 and a beta of 0.42. Retail Properties of America (NYSE:RPAI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.27 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.01. Retail Properties of America had a net margin of 25.71% and a return on equity of 7.01%. The company had revenue of $144.53 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $144.90 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.27 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Retail Properties of America Inc. will post $0.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 22nd were given a dividend of $0.166 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 20th. Retail Properties of America’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 110.00%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Retail Properties of America Inc. (RPAI) Shares Bought by BlackRock Investment Management LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/retail-properties-of-america-inc-rpai-shares-bought-by-blackrock-investment-management-llc.html. A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. Deutsche Bank AG cut Retail Properties of America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $18.00 to $16.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Retail Properties of America from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $16.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research raised Retail Properties of America from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Jefferies Group reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Retail Properties of America in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Finally, Boenning Scattergood raised Retail Properties of America from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $19.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. Retail Properties of America presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $17.69. About Retail Properties of America Retail Properties of America, Inc, formerly Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc, is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns and operates shopping centers in the United States. The Company’s retail operating portfolio includes power centers, neighborhood and community centers, and lifestyle centers and predominantly multi-tenant retail mixed-use properties, as well as single-user retail properties. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RPAI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Retail Properties of America Inc. (NYSE:RPAI). Receive News & Ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Brown & Brown Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Brown & Brown Inc. (BRO) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Brown & Brown Inc. (NYSE:BRO) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the twelve research firms that are covering the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $38.38. BRO has been the subject of several recent research reports. Langen Mcalenn reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Brown & Brown in a research note on Friday, December 30th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $40.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, October 24th. BMO Capital Markets raised Brown & Brown from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $37.00 to $46.00 in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on Brown & Brown from $38.00 to $41.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Shares of Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) opened at 43.83 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $44.41 and a 200 day moving average price of $39.14. Brown & Brown has a 12-month low of $28.41 and a 12-month high of $45.77. The company has a market capitalization of $6.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.10 and a beta of 0.73. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 20th. The company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.03. Brown & Brown had a return on equity of 11.80% and a net margin of 14.84%. The firm earned $462.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $455.56 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.47 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 7.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Brown & Brown will post $1.83 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 3rd will be issued a dividend of $0.135 per share. This represents a $0.54 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.23%. Brown & Brown’s dividend payout ratio is presently 29.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/brown-brown-inc-bro-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. In related news, EVP Jerome Scott Penny sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.56, for a total transaction of $435,600.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Richard Freebourn sold 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.90, for a total value of $1,072,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 17.49% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in shares of Brown & Brown by 12.2% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 16,536 shares of the company’s stock worth $620,000 after buying an additional 1,804 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Brown & Brown by 2.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 72,111 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,702,000 after buying an additional 1,810 shares during the period. Advisors Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Brown & Brown during the second quarter worth approximately $112,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Brown & Brown by 5.2% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 287,659 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,779,000 after buying an additional 14,295 shares during the period. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Brown & Brown during the second quarter worth approximately $1,164,000. Institutional investors own 72.29% of the company’s stock. Brown & Brown Company Profile Brown & Brown, Inc is a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and service company. The Company markets and sells insurance products and services in the property, casualty and employee benefits areas. It provides customers with non-investment insurance contracts, as well as other targeted, customized risk management products and services. Receive News & Ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous ING Groep NV (INGA) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Next » Noble Corp. (NE) Bonds Trading 2.1% Higher Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Diebold Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diebold Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Has $55,538,000 Stake in Diebold Inc. (DBD) January 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in Diebold Inc. (NYSE:DBD) by 21.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,240,354 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 394,598 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. owned approximately 3.44% of Diebold worth $55,538,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of DBD. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Diebold by 2.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,256,212 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,513,000 after buying an additional 132,067 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Diebold by 21.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,796,265 shares of the company’s stock valued at $94,109,000 after buying an additional 683,197 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Diebold by 32.5% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,905,679 shares of the company’s stock valued at $72,033,000 after buying an additional 712,706 shares during the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC increased its stake in shares of Diebold by 18.7% in the third quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 1,993,269 shares of the company’s stock valued at $49,413,000 after buying an additional 314,629 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Point72 Asset Management L.P. bought a new stake in shares of Diebold during the second quarter valued at $34,092,000. 90.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Diebold Inc. (NYSE:DBD) opened at 25.70 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $24.65 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.10. Diebold Inc. has a 1-year low of $21.05 and a 1-year high of $29.75. The firm has a market cap of $1.93 billion, a PE ratio of 22.31 and a beta of 1.88. Diebold (NYSE:DBD) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, November 15th. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.05. The company earned $983.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.42 million. Diebold had a return on equity of 14.62% and a net margin of 2.99%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 66.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.36 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Diebold Inc. will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. Has $55,538,000 Stake in Diebold Inc. (DBD)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/22/blackrock-institutional-trust-company-n-a-has-55538000-stake-in-diebold-inc-dbd.html. DBD has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Diebold from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Imperial Capital raised Diebold from an “in-line” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $29.00 to $30.00 in a research report on Thursday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Diebold from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $33.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, September 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. Diebold currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.25. About Diebold Diebold Nixdorf Inc, formerly Diebold, Incorporated., is engaged in the business of financial self-service (FSS) and security solutions. The Company’s segments include North America (NA), Asia Pacific (AP), Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Latin America (LA). It offers an integrated line of self-service solutions and technology, including automated teller machine (ATM) outsourcing, ATM security, deposit automation, recycling and payment terminals and software. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DBD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Diebold Inc. (NYSE:DBD). Receive News & Ratings for Diebold Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diebold Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Natus Medical Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natus Medical Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Brokerages Set Natus Medical Inc. (BABY) Price Target at $47.33 Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of Natus Medical Inc. (NASDAQ:BABY) have been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the five research firms that are covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $47.33. BABY has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Natus Medical from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Off Wall Street initiated coverage on shares of Natus Medical in a report on Friday, December 16th. They issued a “sell” rating on the stock. Finally, Benchmark Co. initiated coverage on shares of Natus Medical in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $55.00 target price on the stock. Natus Medical (NASDAQ:BABY) opened at 37.65 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $1.22 billion, a PE ratio of 30.61 and a beta of 1.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $36.62 and a 200-day moving average of $39.36. Natus Medical has a one year low of $29.54 and a one year high of $44.39. In other news, CFO Jonathan Kennedy sold 30,276 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, October 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.40, for a total transaction of $1,253,426.40. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 91,351 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,781,931.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider James B. Hawkins acquired 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 27th. The shares were bought at an average price of $38.30 per share, for a total transaction of $383,000.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 469,725 shares in the company, valued at approximately $17,990,467.50. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 47,664 shares of company stock worth $1,977,949. Insiders own 4.80% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its position in Natus Medical by 13.9% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 4,602 shares of the company’s stock valued at $174,000 after buying an additional 562 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in Natus Medical by 24.8% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 17,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $665,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its position in Natus Medical by 11.9% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 140,220 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,300,000 after buying an additional 14,887 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Natus Medical by 1.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 97,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,688,000 after buying an additional 1,215 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Natus Medical by 10.4% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 376,117 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,217,000 after buying an additional 35,302 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 83.91% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/brokerages-set-natus-medical-inc-baby-price-target-at-47-33.html. Natus Medical Company Profile Natus Medical Incorporated is a provider of newborn care and neurology healthcare products and services used for the screening, diagnosis, detection, treatment, monitoring and tracking of common medical ailments in newborn care, hearing impairment, neurological dysfunction, epilepsy, sleep disorders, neuromuscular diseases and balance and mobility disorders. Receive News & Ratings for Natus Medical Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natus Medical Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Chesapeake Energy Corp. (CHK) Short Interest Update Next » Brokerages Set Ormat Technologies Inc. (ORA) PT at $58.80 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Whiting Petroleum Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whiting Petroleum Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Whiting Petroleum Corp. (WLL) Short Interest Update Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 22nd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Whiting Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:WLL) saw a significant decrease in short interest in December. As of December 30th, there was short interest totalling 35,446,192 shares, a decrease of 45.9% from the December 15th total of 65,562,312 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 10,340,437 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 3.4 days. Currently, 12.6% of the shares of the company are sold short. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Third Point LLC acquired a new stake in Whiting Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter worth $75,932,000. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. by 20.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 17,478,715 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $161,853,000 after buying an additional 2,961,485 shares during the last quarter. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter valued at approximately $20,930,000. Sprott Inc. increased its position in shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. by 3,479.6% in the second quarter. Sprott Inc. now owns 1,215,000 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $11,251,000 after buying an additional 1,181,058 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. by 30.3% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 4,744,644 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $43,941,000 after buying an additional 1,103,057 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 94.20% of the company’s stock. Several research firms have recently issued reports on WLL. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $12.00 target price on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Vetr lowered Whiting Petroleum Corp. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.55 target price for the company. in a report on Thursday, October 27th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $13.00 target price on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a report on Sunday, January 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $15.00 target price on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $12.83. Whiting Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:WLL) opened at 12.14 on Friday. Whiting Petroleum Corp. has a 12-month low of $3.35 and a 12-month high of $14.44. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $12.05 and its 200 day moving average is $9.15. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.40 billion. Whiting Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:WLL) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The oil and gas exploration company reported ($0.47) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.40) by $0.07. Whiting Petroleum Corp. had a negative return on equity of 11.83% and a negative net margin of 106.77%. The business earned $129.23 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $350.95 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.17) earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 74.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Whiting Petroleum Corp. will post ($2.20) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Whiting Petroleum Corp. (WLL) Short Interest Update” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/22/whiting-petroleum-corp-wll-short-interest-update.html. Whiting Petroleum Corp. Company Profile Whiting Petroleum Corporation is an independent oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in development, production, acquisition and exploration activities primarily in the Rocky Mountains and Permian Basin regions of the United States. The Company operates in the segment of exploration and production of crude oil, natural gas liquid (NGLs) and natural gas. Receive News & Ratings for Whiting Petroleum Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whiting Petroleum Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Traders Buy American Express Co. (AXP) on Weakness Following Weak Earnings Next » Zacks: Clearside Bio (CLSD) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
CPI Financial Register Login About Us Our Team Careers Contact Media Packs Contract Publishing News Analytics Features Directory Magazines Multimedia Events Blogs Jobs Navigate... News Analytics Features Directory Magazines Multimedia Events Blogs Jobs Islamic Finance Commercial Banking SME Finance Investment Banking Wealth Management Investments Consumer Banking Economics Markets Results Technology more Insurance Lifestyle Select Category Islamic Finance Commercial Banking SME Finance Investment Banking Wealth Management Investments Consumer Banking Economics Markets Results Technology Insurance Lifestyle Latest News Palladium hit by profit-taking Government bond yields drifting upwards Newly-discovered Rubens auctioned for $5.1 million Dentons advises AFC on its inaugural Sukuk issuance Egypt auctions $4 billion bond, explores tapping Far East markets Moody's: Saudi Banks rising provisioning charges erode profits from credit outlook Middle East equities picking up Gold jewellery demand at a 28-year low RMB internationalisation stalls in 2016 QIIB seen modest profit growth Home News Sunday 22, January 2017 by Georgina Enzer Bank Chiefs at the World Economic Forum are optimistic about the future After years of relentless focus on costs, settlements and regulations, the future of banking is looking brighter, agreed panellists in a session at the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting, according to a report from the World Economic Forum. Print this article On the regulatory front, the majority predicted a significant paring-back of regulatory regimes such as Dodd-Frank, the Volcker rule and Basel IV. The low interest rate environment over the past seven years has been tough for the banking sector, said Brian T. Moynihan, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Bank of America Corporation, USA. “Business confidence is reviving and the US economy will grow two per cent this year,” he added. This, along with efficiencies gained from digital transformation within banks, will underwrite long-term recovery among US banks, he said. António Horta-Osório, Chief Executive of Lloyds Banking Group in the United Kingdom, likened the banking system to the vascular system in the human body. “You do not have strong economies in the long term if you do not have a strong banking system,” he said. He also touched on the implications of Brexit, pointing out that, despite uncertainties, London continues to have structural benefits including time zone, attraction of global talent and the necessary infrastructure. “The focus on regulations has perhaps been at the expense of growth,” said Mary Callahan Erdoes, Chief Executive Officer, Asset Management, JPMorgan Chase & Co., USA. She pointed to the fact that JPMorgan spends around $9 billion on internal controls and needs to deal with 25,000 line items and five different regulators just to fulfil their Dodd-Frank obligations. There is some optimism that this burden will lighten under the Trump administration, which is seen as being more business friendly. “Currently, less than 10 per cent of cabinet positions have business experience; this will rise to more than 50 per cent in the new administration,” she added. Europe needs more structural reforms to become competitive, said Sergio P. Ermotti, Group Chief Executive Officer of UBS, Switzerland. Monetary policy was a necessary tool to escape the crisis but it has exhausted its effectiveness. “It’s time to normalise,” he added. He also called for a more constructive approach by regulators to international capital markets. Ermotti outlined the need for greater industry cooperation in dealing with complex back-office functions. “The notion of infrastructure-sharing in the banking sector is not new and needs to be embraced again,” he said. We are looking forward to a more constructive dialogue between the United States and Russia, said Andrey L. Kostin, President and Chairman of the VTB Bank Management Board, VTB Bank, Russian Federation. “Mr Trump should remove sanctions from the leading Russian banks,” he suggested. This will help support privatisation and improve efficiency in the Russian banking sector. The 47th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting is taking place on 17-20 January in Davos-Klosters, Switzerland, under the theme Responsive and Responsible Leadership. More than 3,000 participants from nearly 100 countries will participate in over 400 sessions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Features & Analyses Markets Sub-Saharan African IB Analysis By Thomson Reuters read more Investment Banking A tripartite pact Markets FXTM Analysis- Great! #Dow20K, shall we jump in? SME Finance Disrupted by Deliveroo SME Finance Estate planning for non-Muslim SME owners see all archive Poll What will be the biggest challenge in 2017? Commodity prices Global economy Political instability War Corruption Fiscal uncertainty see results >view poll > Latest News see all archive Investments Newly-discovered Rubens auctioned for $5.1… A rare example of a large-scale animal study by the artist, Study of a Horse with a Rider had been until recently described… read more Investments Palladium hit by profit-taking Investments Government bond yields drifting upwards Islamic Finance Dentons advises AFC on its inaugural Sukuk issuance Investment Banking Egypt auctions $4 billion bond, explores tapping Far East markets Advertisement Explore CPI| CPI Financial RSS | Follow @CPI_Financial Islamic Finance Commercial Banking SME Finance Investment Banking Wealth Management Investments Consumer Banking Economics Markets Results Technology Insurance Lifestyle CPI Finance Media Channel Events Apply for newsletter Subscribe to the Daily Newsletter, from CPI Financial Follow Us > About Us Our Team Careers Contact Media Packs Contract Publishing Register Login Back to the top © 2017 CPI Financial. All rights reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced or used in any form of advertising without prior permission in writing from the editor. Terms and Conditions |  Privacy Policy |  Web Design Dubai - Blue Beetle
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Cramer's roadmap to finding stocks that will thrive in a new political world CNBC Abigail Stevenson 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Cramer’s roadmap to finding stocks that will thrive in a new political world CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal.1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy0:58 The least livable cities in the worldSeeker3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal.3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters1:34 UP NEXT Now that Donald Trump has officially been sworn in as president, Jim Cramer will be using a new metric to evaluate companies.  It all comes down to whether a stock is or isn't a Trump stock. Cramer expects Trump's agenda of deregulation, lower corporate taxes and repatriation of foreign assets to have a significant impact on the economy and stock market. Quotes in the article Automatic Data Processing Inc ADP ▼ 101.71 -0.33 -0.32% Schlumberger Ltd SLB ▼ 84.50 -0.38 -0.45% Magellan Midstream Partners LP MMP ▲ 81.46 +1.04 +1.29% Paychex Inc PAYX ▼ 61.17 -0.28 -0.46% AdChoices On the flipside, when Trump has a problem with a company, he's not afraid to Tweet what is on his mind—something that will put certain industries under fire. "You will feel a whole lot more comfortable owning the Trump stocks than the non-Trump variety," the "Mad Money" host said. The stocks that will benefit the most from Trump's legislative agenda are those that will benefit enormously from deregulation, such as banks and energy stocks. © Provided by CNBC The Obama administration was focused on fighting climate change, which was good for the environment but bad for the fossil fuel business. Trump's position is the polar opposite. More importantly, Cramer said the former real estate mogul will have the most pro-petroleum cabinet in history. Read more from CNBC's Jim Cramer "If the oil the gas industry had a wish list for what their ideal government would look like, you are looking at it," Cramer said. Cramer's top picks were the pipeline plays, since they can make money even if the price of crude keeps falling, like Magellan Midstream (MMP) and oil service company Schlumberger (SLB). Banks will also benefit from deregulation. Cramer also believes that the President's agenda will jump start the economy and the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates, with banks being the chief beneficiary. Cramer's top picks were Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan (JPM), Wells Fargo (WFC) and Goldman Sachs (GS). Anything that is directly connected to stronger employment will do well, too, given that Trump has given job creation his top priority. That means payroll processors like Paychex (PAYX) and ADP (ADP) will do well and Cintas (CTAS), because more hiring means more uniforms. Companies with large amounts of cash overseas are potential Trump stocks, like Apple (AAPL). Infrastructure and defense contractors were on Cramer's list as well. As for stocks that Cramer thinks will struggle under Trump, the pharmaceutical industry could be under Trump's tweeting microscope. He has said repeatedly that he wants to roll back many of the recent drug price increases. A possible repeal of Obamacare without a replacement could hurt healthcare and drug stocks. Investors should also worry about any American company that makes things overseas and then exports them back to the U.S. "Put it all together, though, and there is a lot more Trump stocks than there are non-Trump stocks," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC  Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Newsweek World U.S. Podcasts Opinion Culture Sports Tech & Science Business Video The Magazine Subscribe Europe Edition US EUROPE Español 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija ČESKÁ REPUBLIKA SIGN IN MY ACCOUNT My account Subscription settings Contact support Sign out Search Advertisement Business Trading on Donald Trump’s Twitter Tantrums Wall Street is fast developing strategies to deal with an unpredictable president. By Leah McGrath Goodman On 1/13/17 at 7:51 PM Close Trump's Attorney Sheri Dillon On Steps Taken To Rid President-Elect From Conflicts Of Interest When Donald Trump this week gave his first press conference since winning the presidential election, he alternately lauded the press and shouted down reporters he didn’t like with jeers such as: “Fake news!” He slipped into stream-of-consciousness rants about everything from Chinese hackers to hidden cameras in hotel rooms “all over the place.” And he denounced pharmaceutical companies for committing “murder.” To this, the Wall Street traders I spoke to had nearly the same reaction: “He’s crazy.” They noted how pharmaceutical stocks, which initially received a boost after Trump’s victory, got hammered after his one-off remarks Wednesday, which also targeted carmakers General Motors, Ford and Fiat Chrysler. Investors who had feared tough action on drug pricing under a Hillary Clinton presidency believed Trump would be the safer bet. Not so. At Trump’s presser, he announced that “the drug industry has been disastrous,” adding that he planned to create new bidding procedures for drugs to “save billions of dollars” for Americans and would do the same with other industries, sending stocks into a swoon. Win an iPhone 7 Sign up to our daily newsletter for your chance to win. <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> “We are dealing with a completely unpredictable, absent-minded man who may wake up on any given day and just decide to attack a stock he hates—or praise one he loves—and then turn around and change his mind,” says David Tawil, president of Maglan Capital, a New York event-driven hedge fund. “I don’t like that. Those are 50-50 odds. I would never play that. No one would, unless they had some inside track. The one thing we hate is binary potential.” President-elect Donald Trump speaks during his press conference at New York's Trump Tower on January 11. Shannon Stapleton/Reuters It’s not so much that Wall Street investors necessarily object to Trump’s plans per se. It’s that the president-elect tends to announce them via highly nontraditional channels and without warning—more often than not, to his 19.7 million Twitter followers at all hours. As a result, major Wall Street traders and everyday investors are racing to find ways to stay on top of his constant tweets, from keywords to algorithms to analytics that track social media. While banks and hedge funds have invested millions of dollars in trading systems that can be tweaked to “Trump-proof” their portfolios, solutions for ordinary investors have been few and far between since Trump won the election. That changed this month. One of the easiest tools to use (and it’s free) is a new app called “Trump Trigger” from Trigger Finance Inc., which offers market information and trading alerts. The app will send a message to users whenever Trump tweets about a stock they own, with options to buy, sell or short. “While it’s no surprise that Trump has been actively tweeting since the election, no one anticipated that a single tweet could potentially eradicate billions of dollars in market cap from large companies,” the company wrote in a blog post last week, introducing the app. Fidelity Investments also offers a feature called “Social Market Analytics” that investors can add to their trading dashboards to track trading signals via Twitter, Facebook and other social media. The analytics tool does this by measuring both positive and negative comments on social media versus the norm. Sentiment indicators culled from social media are increasingly pointing to events before they happen. This was true when Trump complained in a recent tweet about the high cost of F-35 fighter jets from Lockheed Martin, sending its stock price lower. In fact, Trump’s Twitter followers goaded him into going after Lockheed after he tweeted in December that he wanted to “cancel” plans for a new Air Force One from Boeing, because “costs are out of control.” Ever the crowd-pleaser, when his followers urged him to attack Lockheed too, that’s exactly what he did. Related: Trump business plan casts spotlight on law firm that worked for Russia What’s interesting is that Twitter sentiment indicators for Lockheed shot into negative territory and the company’s trading volume spiked even before Trump’s tweet, because social media had already gone negative on Lockheed hours earlier. Trump’s tweet was just the coup de grace. One big worry: What if Trump’s tweet storms lead to a market that becomes hopelessly reactive to politics instead of economics? A former “bond king,” Bill Gross, who runs the $1.7 billion Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, alluded to just that. He compared Trump’s penchant for singling out certain corporations and bullying them into changing their practices as redolent of the Italian dictator Mussolini. “Some of these pre-term policies, where [Trump’s] cajoling companies to move production back into the United States, that’s fine, but it reminds me to some extent of policies in Italy long ago associated with Mussolini and government control of corporate interests,” Gross said in an interview with Bloomberg Radio. “I don’t want it to go too far.” Of course, it could also go too far in the other direction. “At some point, Trump could lose all credibility, both domestically and internationally, where no one takes him seriously anymore,” a London-based trader tells Newsweek on the condition of anonymity because the trader isn’t authorized to talk to the press. “Being the president-elect might give his tweets weight now, but that won’t necessarily last if he wears out his welcome.” On Thursday, Trump abruptly praised L.L. Bean in a tweet after hearing that the granddaughter of the Maine company’s founder, Linda Bean, had donated thousands of dollars to a political action committee that supported his presidential campaign. Most of Trump’s tweets since winning November’s election, however, have been negative. Among the companies he’s tweet-bombed in addition to Boeing, Lockheed Martin and General Motors are Amazon, Apple and Carrier, a unit of United Technologies. With this week’s presser, Big Pharma is now on his hit list. Attention from Trump has not been beneficial for most companies, so many investors are actively shirking the stocks he obsesses over. “I am staying as far away as I can from any sectors that Trump seems to be focused on—financials, pharma and the auto industry’s biggest carmakers, I am staying away from it, consciously, yes,” says Tawil. Karen Finerman, co-founder and chief executive of New York investment management firm Metropolitan Capital, says she’s invested in a number of stocks that could be affected by Trump’s running commentary, including tech issues like Facebook and Google’s holding company, Alphabet Inc. (Silicon Valley largely favored a Clinton presidency over Trump) and financial stocks like Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup. But the stock Finerman is most concerned about is GM, she says, even though the company’s most recent earnings beat expectations. “That’s the one where I am most tweet-vulnerable, so I guess I am a little nervous,” she says. Finerman did well with tech issues, which initially got crushed after Trump’s victory but edged up after he met with Silicon Valley kingpins in the Trump Tower in December. “When the tech stocks fell, we kept buying as they kept getting cheaper,” she says, “so we did well on that." In other words, when companies take a hit due to Trump that are otherwise healthy, it could be a good buying opportunity. Even so, Wall Street will continue to be extremely wary of what traders are calling “the Trump Effect.” “The only way you can truly insulate yourself from any potential fallout,” Finerman says, “is to not own any stocks. But it’s my job.” Try Newsweek: Subscription offers Pharmaceuticals Related Stories Donald Trump Takes Aim at F-35, the ‘Plane That Ate the Pentagon’ Trump Business Plan Casts Spotlight on Law Firm That Worked for Russia Share Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Like us on Google Plus Follow us on LinkedIn Share with Whatsapp More reddit Pinterest Tumblr Comments Advertisement READ MORE Prosecutors Won't Pursue Bridgegate Charges Against NJ Governor Chris Christie U.S. Judge Blocks Controversial Texas Abortion Provider Regulations Advertisement Advertisement World Haley to U.N. Allies: Back Us or We'll Take Names Trump Signs Exec Order to 'Keep Radical Islamic Terrorists Out' of U.S. Trump's Unpredictability Worries Foreign U.S. Allies Trump Still in Early Stages of Considering Lifting Russia Sanctions Advertisement TECHNOLOGY Obama Wastes Little Time In Condemning Republicans For ‘Repeal and Replace’ On Obamacare Microsoft's Value Passes Half a Trillion In the magazine U.S. Buffett, Gates Express Optimism for U.S. in Trump Era "I am confident that America will move ahead," Buffett said. U.S. Donald Trump Is the Most Unlikely Anti-Abortion President Ever How Trump, once a pro-choice bachelor, became the hope of the right-to-life movement. World Trump Has 'Friendly' Call with Mexican President, Demands Change The two men spoke for about an hour on Friday, a day after President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a... Sports Federer, Nadal and the Williams Sisters Bring Their 60 Grand Slam Titles to Aussie Final Four all-time tennis greats will clash this weekend in the Australian Open finals. Advertisement About us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy Terms IBTimes UK Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Google Plus Follow us on LinkedIn February 03, 2017 California v. Trump: The Fight Begins for Health Care, Immigration and the Future of America Russian Hacking Is Spurring a Revival of Cold War Liberalism January 20, 2017 Malala Yousafzai's New Mission: Can She Still Inspire as an Adult? America's Grand Experiment in Government by Twitter Begins January 20 January 06, 2017 How Scientists in Britain Are Deciding the Future of Humanity How Europe's Two Capitals of Culture Will Celebrate the Arts in 2017 December 30, 2016 Meet Henry Orenstein, the Man Who Changed How the World Plays Harnessing Technology and Innovation to Save the World's Cities © 2017 Newsweek LTD
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad LME's pitch for share of gold market faces bumpy ride By Reuters Published: 19:01 EST, 22 January 2017 | Updated: 19:01 EST, 22 January 2017 e-mail By Peter Hobson and Pratima Desai LONDON, Jan 23 (Reuters) - Fears of inflexibility and rising costs are sapping enthusiasm for the London Metal Exchange's new suite of gold contracts, potentially leaving the exchange reliant on the threat of an increasing regulatory burden to drive uptake. London's $5 trillion-a-year gold trade has, along with the rest of the City of London, found itself under increased scrutiny since the Libor scandal, with U.S. lawsuits alleging rigging against the banks that set bullion prices. Regulatory pressure sparked the fall of the near century-old telephone-based gold fix, or benchmark pricing, which was replaced by an electronic alternative in 2015, and reform of the management structure of the London Bullion Market Association. The LME, owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd (HKEx), says its contracts, which include spot, futures and options, would bring price-setting out of the back rooms of banks by creating a published forward pricing curve for gold and sliver out to five years. It also says the contracts' central clearing would free the banks and brokers that dominate London's over-the-counter (OTC) gold market from increasingly onerous capital requirements, creating savings that could be passed to others in the industry. But a source at a major gold trading bank said: "There's a lot of caution and probably outright scepticism from market participants whether this will add anything but another cost to the bottom line." "In the OTC market there are no fees, you call somebody for a quote and you trade it," a source at a metals broker said. The LME hasn't detailed the fees for trading and clearing using LME Clear, but said it is "confident that fee levels will be competitive". Scepticism runs deep, however. Metal industry sources cite other failed attempts by the LME to establish new contracts including those for cobalt, molybdenum, plastics and aluminium premiums. "CRITICAL MASS" "This set of contracts was never intended to replace or undermine the OTC market." said Robin Martin, head of market infrastructure at the World Gold Council, an industry body that worked with the LME to design the contracts. He said he expected most of the volume on the contracts to come from hedging between banks and brokers - which he said accounts for up to 90 percent of trading in the London market. These could continue to agree trades bilaterally as under the OTC model, and then clear them on the exchange, enabling savings that would reduce costs for all the industry, he said. LME brokers say the specifications are restrictive and the contracts, though physically deliverable, appear to be designed for finance professionals and not the physical market. A key criticism is the size of the contracts: 100 troy ounces for gold and 5,000 ounces for silver. On the over-the-counter (OTC) market gold and silver can be traded in any number of ounces. "What happens if our customers want to trade 330 ounces of gold?" asked one gold trader. The monthly contract structure meanwhile undermines physical traders' ability to hedge specific dates beyond a month, said a source at a metals broker. Martin said at least 30 firms had been consulted during the design process. The contracts allow combinations of daily and monthly futures to hedge any date, he said, while defined lot sizes allow easier netting, compensating for lost flexibility. Most gold producers contacted by Reuters said they would not use the LME contracts to hedge, though one, Petropavlovsk, said it would consider doing so. Five banks, Goldman Sachs, ICBC Standard Bank , Morgan Stanley, Natixis and Societe Generale, and proprietary trader OSTC have partnered with the LME and committed to supply liquidity. But two of biggest gold trading banks, JPMorgan and HSBC, have not. "We think we've got critical mass," said Martin. Sources said the LME would struggle to gain a share of the market, particularly given that Shanghai and New York already offer well-established and liquid gold futures. "Trading will always go to the place with the most liquidity," a source at a major gold trading bank said. (Additional reporting by Barbara Lewis; Editing by Veronica Brown and David Evans) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Massive Energy and Tech Trades Highlight Insider Selling: Kosmos Energy, Facebook, Netflix, NVIDIA and More By Lee Jackson January 22, 2017 10:20 am EST Print Email Tweet After a historic trading week, which ended on Friday with the inauguration of Donald Trump, investors are ready to focus on the rest of the month, earnings and the prospects for 2017. One thing is for sure, while the volume of insider trading has slowed due to fourth-quarter earnings being reported, we continued to see some big sales in technology. We cover insider selling every week at 24/7 Wall St., and we like to remind readers that just because an individual or 10% institutional owner sells stock, that is no cause for immediate alarm. Many top executives, and even directors, are compensated with stock and often sell just to diversify portfolios or purchase other assets. Here are companies that reported notable insider selling last week. Kosmos Energy Ltd. (NYSE: KOS) had some huge sellers on the desk this week. Warburg Pincus sold a total of 38,902,874 shares at $6.65 apiece. The total for the sales was an incredible $325,204,112. In addition, a director at the company, David Krieger, sold 16,500,000 shares at $6.65. The total for his trade was posted at $109,725,000. Kosmos explores for and produces oil and gas in Africa, Europe and South America. Its asset portfolio includes production and other development projects in offshore Ghana, as well as exploration licenses with hydrocarbon potential in offshore Portugal, Sao Tome and Principe, Suriname, Morocco and Western Sahara. Its shares closed Friday at $6.51, in a 52-week trading range of $3.35 to $7.39. The consensus price target is $8.73. A technology titan from Silicon Valley was selling Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) shares this past week. Sheryl Sandberg, the chief operating officer of the social media conglomerate, sold a total of 109,000 shares at $127.56 apiece. The total for the sale was posted at $13,904,473. The shares closed last Friday at $127.04. The 52-week range is $94.23 to $133.50, and the consensus price target is $153.57. Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) had the man at the top parting with some shares last week. Founder and CEO Reed Hastings sold 86,635 shares. At $131.96 per share, the total for the trade came to $11,458,460. But the shares closed last Friday at $138.60. The consensus price target for the streaming content and entertainment giant is $144.40. A ServiceNow Inc. (NYSE: NOW) director shed some stock last week as well. Frederic Luddy sold 154,500 shares of this enterprise cloud-based solutions provider in a share price range of $83.70 and $82.72. The total for the sale was listed at $12,815,990. ServiceNow offers service management solutions, including incident management, problem management, change management and request management, as well as service catalog and knowledge base. It also offers information technology, human resources, customer service, security operations, facilities and field service management solutions. Shares ended trading last Friday at $83.40, in a 52-week range of $46.00 to $89.79. The consensus price target is $93.71. The CEO and president at NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ: NVDA) was selling shares of this red-hot chip company. Jen-Hsun Huang sold a block of 41,666 shares at a price of $102.74. The total for the sale was posted at $4,280,807. The shares closed last Friday at $104.14, so some money was left on the table. The consensus price target for the stock is just $99, and the 52-week trading range is a stunning $24.75 to $119.93. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These companies also reported insider selling last week: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL), CBS Corp. (NYSE: CBS), Concho Resources Inc. (NYSE: CXO), Edward Lifesciences Corp. (NYSE: EW) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). The latest insider buying was more muted but included the likes of Kindred Biosciences, Mirati Therapeutics and City Office REIT. While shareholders may be surprised to see such massive insider trades, all these tech leaders have huge numbers of shares and regularly sell some. With prices also at or near all-time highs, some selling should come as no surprise. By Lee Jackson « Despite Some Gains, 2 Analysts See IBM Shareholders Losing Bigly Insider Buying Slows as Trump Inauguration Takes Center Stage: Kindred Biosciences, Mirati Therapeutics, City Office REIT and More » Read more: Investing, featured, Insider Activity, CBS Corp (NYSE:CBS), Concho Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CXO), Edwards Lifesciences Corp (NYSE:EW), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), GOOGL, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Service Now (NYSE:NOW), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? AstraZeneca's Symbicort Granted Pediatric Exclusivity by FDA U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion 3 Quotes from the CEO of Shopify Inc that Every Investor Needs to Read Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa 50 Groups To Learn About If You’re Committed To Intersectional Feminism Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Digital Ad Growth, YouTube Will Lift Alphabet 20% Google plays catchup in cloud services, helped by artificial intelligence and machine learning. By Jack Hough Biography January 21, 2017 Watch for two key milestones for advertising this year. Digital venues will overtake television as the top draw for ad spending. And mobile, for the first time, will make up more than half of digital. That bodes well for companies that pull in massive audiences online, especially over smartphones. In the U.S., two stand above all others: Facebook (ticker: FB) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL). Together, they control 54% of digital advertising, up from 44% a year ago. We recommended shares of Facebook five months ago, a... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Banks start talks about sharp cuts to customer fees By John Aidan Byrne View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 22, 2017 | 2:37am | Updated January 22, 2017 | 2:39am Modal Trigger Shutterstock US banks are finally talking about huge breaks on fees paid by retail customers — and some experts see these sharp cuts in the coming year on everything from overdraft and ATM fees, to penalties and miscellaneous handling and service charges. “It should be a win for customers who need to borrow and not get nickel-and-dimed to death, and a win for banks, and a win for the economy,” bank industry analyst Mike Mayo of CLSA told The Post. Mayo said this welcome scenario for bank customers currently paying through the nose for overdraft protection, ATM withdrawals and a head-spinning smorgasbord of hidden charges could potentially come this year because of rising interest rates and a more favorable regulatory environment. SEE ALSO Cuomo looks to enforce tax laws on out-of-state Web sales :0 New Yorkers are going to get nickeled-and-dimed in the new... Cuomo looks to enforce tax laws on out-of-state Web sales “We think that banks can earn their cost of capital, create value for the first time in over a decade, without the relief of fees,” Mayo added, referring to how banks have ratcheted up fees in the past decade to offset revenue losses from traditional lending practices as a result of near-zero US interest rates. Analysts say a faster pace of rate increases by the Fed this year augurs well for the old-fashioned bank business to make money from the “spread” in lending and deposit activities. And one of the nation’s bank bosses agreed last week with that outlook. “I do see relief,” Kelly King, chief executive of North Carolina-based BB&T bank, said on the sidelines of a fintech industry gathering, when pressed by a reporter on the outlook for fee reductions for customers. Mom-and-pop bank customers know the specific pain: These fees add up fast, with US households spending $290 in overall bank fees a year, a 2016 study revealed. America’s big three banks — JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo — raked in more than $6 billion from ATM and rising overdraft fees alone in 2015, another study showed. That comes to $25 for every US adult. “Banks have to make a little money,” King said. “Clients should [also] recognize that we need to make a little money to stay in business so we can still provide services,” he added. Filed under atm ,  banks ,  economics ,  swipe fees Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Insurance settlements rarely pay out big dividends Read Next Insurance settlements rarely pay out big dividends Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 109,292 Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days 92,007 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 59,657 John Hurt dead at 77 Now On Friends fear Club Kid Killer returning to ‘party-monster’ ways ‘Today’ staffers fearful amid Megyn Kelly shakeup Jackie Mason: Madonna is a ‘deranged yenta’ SEE ALL Video :52 Baby monitor reveals toddler is a diehard Rangers fan More Stories pagesix Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
