Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts New Gold Inc. (NGD) Receives $6.37 Average PT from Brokerages Quest Resource Holding Corp (QRHC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds $46.74 Million in Sales Expected for Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) This Quarter Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $18.03 Million -$0.02 Earnings Per Share Expected for Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) This Quarter NII Holdings (NIHD) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Analysts Set Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) PT at $19.90 Seres Therapeutics Inc (MCRB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Pacific Biosciences of California (PACB) Share Price GATX (GMT) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Haynes International (HAYN) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) to Announce $0.75 Earnings Per Share $0.44 Earnings Per Share Expected for Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) This Quarter Analysts Anticipate GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) to Announce -$0.28 EPS Zacks: Analysts Anticipate GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) to Post -$0.38 EPS Luxfer Holdings PLC (LXFR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Brokerages Set Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) PT at $26.25 ExlService Holdings (EXLS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Exactech (EXAC) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the thirty-three brokerages that are presently covering the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, thirteen have given a hold recommendation, seventeen have given a buy recommendation and one has issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $79.72. JPM has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Instinet restated a “hold” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Daiwa Capital Markets upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Vetr upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $97.82 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday. CLSA restated a “buy” rating and issued a $79.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $566,228.48. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 115,938 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,757,342.08. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 42,083 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $3,541,705.28. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 369,486 shares in the company, valued at approximately $31,095,941.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Marshwinds Advisory Co. boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the third quarter. Marshwinds Advisory Co. now owns 4,383 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $292,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the last quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $221,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. ELM Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.5% in the third quarter. ELM Advisors LLC now owns 4,013 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $267,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Sabal Trust CO boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Sabal Trust CO now owns 3,630 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $242,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Alpha Windward LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 7,156 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $477,000 after buying an additional 21 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) traded down 1.17% on Monday, reaching $84.40. The company had a trading volume of 30,529,763 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $89.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $81.87. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The stock has a market capitalization of $300.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.63 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.52 by $0.13. The firm earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.35 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.37%. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.02%. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad FUND FOCUS: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes By Personal Finance Reporter For The Mail On Sunday Published: 16:46 EDT, 15 April 2017 | Updated: 18:55 EDT, 15 April 2017 e-mail View comments Active fund management may be on the wane as investors and financial advisers increasingly look for low-cost index tracking funds. But when it comes to investing in Japanese stocks, JP Morgan Asset Management’s Nicholas Weindling believes there is no other way. Weindling, 39, who manages the JP Morgan Japanese Investment Trust, argues passionately that the only way to make serious money from the Japanese stock market is by ignoring iconic companies and hunting down the business winners of tomorrow. He says: ‘There are 1,900 stocks listed on the Topix market, the Tokyo Stock Price Index. About 60 per cent are woefully under-researched. That provides plenty of opportunity for an active fund manager to find future success stories. JP Morgan Asset Management’s Nicholas Weindling believes in Japanese stocks ‘Equally, there are constituents of the index that have a large weighting, such as autos, consumer electronics and steel manufacturing. I steer clear of these because I see them facing structural problems. ‘It is why you will not see the likes of Canon, Hitachi, Nissan and Toshiba in the portfolio. Yes, great companies once, but not necessarily so great now.’  The result is that JP Morgan Japanese is littered with firms that do not register on the radars of British investors, but which are making great technological advances or responding to Japan’s changing society. Factory automation and robotics are strong portfolio themes. ‘Japan is leading the world in these industries,’ he says. Among the companies he holds are Keyence, a profitable maker of sensors for production lines, and Fanuc, which builds industrial robots. ‘Fanuc’s robots are everywhere. They are used in car assembly lines, smartphone manufacture and in the food industry. They are the future,’ he adds. Another dominant theme is Japan’s ageing and falling population – bad news for a lot of firms, but good for a select few. ‘The market in Japan for adult nappies is now bigger than that for baby nappies,’ he says. ‘It is why the trust holds a stake in incontinence pad maker Kao. ‘Similarly, the demand for medicines means pharmacies are thriving. But the sector is ripe for consolidation. This will happen as many stores that are run individually are swept up by bigger players, leading to greater market concentration.’ To benefit from this, the trust holds merger and acquisitions specialist Nihon, which Weindling believes will be involved in the sector’s reshaping. A boom in tourism is also influencing the portfolio. Since 2012, the number of tourists has risen from 8 million to 21 million, attracted by the neon lights of Tokyo, the temples and Japan’s booming ski resorts. Weindling says many tourists, especially those from China and Korea, use their visit to buy creams, beauty goods and condoms because of their quality and reliability. A key holding is Don Quijote, a retailer selling cosmetics and medicines. Unlike most managers running Japanese portfolios for UK-based investment groups, Weindling – a Liverpudlian by birth – lives in Tokyo. He has been there since late 2006, is married to a Japanese woman and has two young children. He also speaks the language fluently. ‘It is a great place to live and visit,’ he says. Indeed, after graduating in 1999, he spent two years teaching English in Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island, where he was often mistaken for a Russian.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Average UK home loses £1,000 in value since the start of... Companies could be forced to pay workers on zero-hours... RAY MASSEY: London Motor Show goes for a Mini revival Are you facing higher power bills?Changing your supplier... TONY HETHERINGTON: £10,200 for a case of Bordeaux? Now... San Francisco workspace launches in London, fuels race to... Start now to win your retirement savings race! From... The building societies pay bonanza... How you can fight... Tesco 'jumbo loans' flout runaway credit warning as BoE... RETAIL IN CRISIS: Toxic mix of falling pound and rising... Clouds gather over Sky as customer growth falters,... Me and my money: Comedian Tom Stade has stopped gambling... From student homebrew hobby to 50,000 pints a month...... 'It will hardly set the world on fire'... JEFF PRESTRIDGE... INTERVIEW: John Timpson tells how colleagues share in... Hero... and zero: JD Sports chairman sees 81% rise in... Late Easter hits retail sales as inflation starts to... Sack the boss of Barclays, demands HBOS whistleblower in... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Free trades to 30 April Exchange traded funds - (ETFs). Terms apply Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS If I have a smart meter fitted will I be charged more for electricity in peak hours? I've heard a lot recently about smart meters I lost an old phone on holiday, but because I didn't report it missing within 24 hours EE says I must pay £1,687 for calls I didn't make Ditch that Easter egg and encourage your kids to save instead says LEE BOYCE - we should instil the habit early (even if it's boring!) Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm getting done over Easter and will I be covered if it all goes pear-shaped? Brexit concerns could cost the UK motor industry £6.5bn New car buyers will look to cut back, study says. Graphene is once more tempting investors - here's how to profit Miracle material for bendy phones to curing diseases. We expose loopholes that may explain why so many of Santander's customers are being hit by fraud Bank fobs off victims in just 24 hours. NS&I slammed over new bond which pays a miserly £6 a year more interest than next best deals Banks lost my £350 donation to a charity for orphaned children and won't help me find it ASK TONY. Digital bank Atom slashes five-year fixed rates to record low of 1.29% in unprecedented move Now that's a mortgage price war! Millions charged more interest on student loans from September as some rates hit 6.1%... - - almost DOUBLE the rate of UK inflation. I lent my dad £8,000 but he's refusing to pay me back and says I'll have to wait until he dies... - even though he's just bought a holiday and a new car! Price comparison sites hiding top energy rates Websites warned over pushing deals they are paid to promote. Secure Trust Bank's latest offering pays 1.85% fixed for two years New bond promises a top rate. Pensioner, 79, has £1k of payments clawed back after his pension scheme makes an admin blunder How do you fight errors that aren't your fault? NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches paying 2.2 per cent But will it be enough to excite hard-pressed savers? Our dozy fraud watchdog is letting big banks off the hook and failing innocent victims DAN HYDE. How will Brexit really affect Britain's property market? SARAH DAVIDSON crunches the numbers behind house prices and forecasts MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Investors clean up as our tip Johnson rises 501% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Affordable homes builder MJ Gleeson lifted by Generation Brexit MIDAS BOND TIP: Care home charity Greensleeves to fund expansion with £30m retail bond offering 4.25% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Compensation shake-up set to boost adviser Frenkel Topping which helps victims of terrible accidents MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Treatt's strategy bears fruit MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property trust LXI builds on solid foundations as it gears up for stock market float MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Five-year mortgage fix slashed to record 1.29%   New retro Mini models to sell for more than £50k   My dad is refusing to pay back the £8k I lent him   Best investment asset classes of the last 20 years   How Brexit will affect Britain's property market   Five tricks to boost your Avios points pot Latest from Markets FUND FOCUS: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to consult’ staff before dismissal Credit Suisse boss sees bonus cut by 40% after shareholder criticism over his sky-high wage bill The Daily Briefing: Record £1.8m is paid out in pet insurance claims every day as average claim hits £757 Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making your Easter eggs at its Bournville factory Hero... and zero: JD Sports chairman sees 81% rise in profits but Barclays boss gets bonus cut ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way back into corporate history to find case studies of corporate idiocy BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder of hedge fund Elliott, Paul Singer North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across Asian markets as stocks fall, Yen rises IN THE MONEY: Richard Pennycook, former boss, Co-op, pocketed £2.4m despite the company's £132m loss MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Charting the Market Charting the Market A graphic look at selected stock activity for the week ended April 13, 2017. Includes United Continental, Fastenal, and AmTrust Financial By Bill Alpert and David Schutt Biography April 15, 2017 1:13 a.m. ET Blackberry Qualcomm will have to pay the troubled smartphone maker $815 million, or $1.38 a share, to settle a royalty payment dispute. It will use the cash for acquisitions. United Continental Holdings A devastating video of a passenger being physically yanked from his seat because his flight was overbooked became a PR disaster. Lawsuits... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us ‘Gyrocopter Guy’ Still Has a Message to Deliver Pence’s Medicaid experiment confounds expectations on the left and right Tillerson's stock rises in the White House Meet the liberal hero who hasn’t given up on Trump Trump's reelection campaign raised $13.2 million in first quarter Trump claims he can’t be sued for inciting rally violence Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Trump continues to confound -- ANNIE KARNI on Tillerson’s rising status -- MELANIA TRUMP: ‘retro’ first lady -- THE JUICE: Boldface donors last quarter -- WEEKEND READS -- B’DAY: Pete Rouse By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/15/17 10:30 AM EDT Driving the Day Good Saturday morning. TWO IMPORTANT THINGS HAPPENED YESTERDAY, AND WHAT THEY MEAN FOR TOMORROW. Story Continued Below PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP’S ADMINISTRATION is abandoning a precedent set by Barack Obama, and will not release his visitor logs until five years after he leaves the White House. The White House is citing national security concerns. So we will not know who the president and his aides are speaking to until well after he leaves the West Wing. Some defenders of the president say he and his team should be able to meet with people with varying viewpoints without having to face public scrutiny. But why? Shouldn’t taxpayers -- who fund the White House and employ the president -- know which lobbyists, CEOs and influence peddlers the president and his staff is meeting with? -- WAPO’S JOSH ROGIN (@joshrogin): “There should be pool coverage of the WH entrances to track visitors if the WH won’t release the logs.” THIS DECISION is on A1 of the NYT http://bit.ly/2pCVM2A **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh TRUMP also nominated former Rep. Scott Garrett (R-N.J.) to run the Export-Import Bank. Garrett was a vocal supporter of closing the Export-Import Bank when he was in Congress, and voted against reauthorizing it. Trump recently switched his position on the institution, telling the Wall Street Journal that it’s important for U.S. businesses. ALSO: Garrett, for a period of time, declined to give money to the National Republican Congressional Committee because it supported gay candidates (http://politi.co/2c9RjQ6). He lost to Democrat Josh Gottheimer in November. This is a Senate-confirmable position. WHAT SHOULD WE MAKE OF THIS? -- To those who say Trump’s decision-making process is becoming more linear -- explain putting a staunch opponent of the Export-Import Bank at its helm just days after the president trumpeted its import. With Congress out of town, Trump has had a week of good headlines -- bombing Syria, flipping on NATO, talking tough on North Korea. Most people don’t know what the Export-Import bank is, or does, so putting someone atop the bank who wants to destroy it won’t garner a ton of attention. But it’s a pretty clear sign that Trump isn’t quietly abandoning his unconventional approach to governing. TRUMP left Mar-A-Lago this morning at 8:46 a.m. and headed to Trump International Golf Club, per pooler Michael Mathes of AFP. FOR YOUR RADAR -- “North Korea displays apparently new missiles as U.S. carrier group approaches,” by Reuters’ Sue-Lin Wong and James Pearson in Pyongyang, Seoul: “North Korea displayed what appeared to be new long-range and submarine-based missiles on the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father, Kim Il Sung, on Saturday, as a nuclear-powered U.S. aircraft carrier group steamed towards the region. Missiles appeared to be the main theme of a giant military parade, with Kim’s grandson, leader Kim Jong Un, taking time to greet the commander of the Strategic Forces, the branch that oversees the missile arsenal.” http://reut.rs/2nOP5xS -- NYT's GERRY MULLANY in Hong Kong, CHRIS BUCKLEY in Beijing and DAVID SANGER in Washington: 'The United States and South Korea and North Korea are engaging in tit for tat, with swords drawn and bows bent, and there have been storm clouds gathering,' China’s foreign minister, Wang Yi, said in Beijing, according to Xinhua, the state news agency. “'If they let war break out on the peninsula, they must shoulder that historical culpability and pay the corresponding price for this,” Mr. Wang said. "The comments were unusually blunt from China, which has been trying to steer between the Trump administration’s demands for it to do more to stop North Korea’s nuclear weapons program and its longstanding reluctance to risk a rupture with the North. The remarks also reflected, American experts said, an effort by the Chinese to throw responsibility for what happens back on Washington, after Mr. Trump declared, in several Twitter messages, that it was up to the Chinese to contain their neighbor and sometime partner." http://nyti.ms/2nOWJs7 FOR THOSE KEEPING SCORE AT HOME -- “Tillerson’s stock rises in the White House,” by Annie Karni: “Secretary of State Rex Tillerson looked like he had been cast into social Siberia. The former ExxonMobil CEO was enjoying a martini with his wife at the BLT Prime steakhouse inside the Trump International Hotel on Feb. 25, when President Donald Trump strode in with Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner and Florida Gov. Rick Scott. Nigel Farage, the former leader of the U.K. Independence Party, happened to be at the hotel and was invited to join the president’s dinner party. Tillerson, who came over to say hello as he was leaving, was not. “Viewed as the walled-off leader of a demoralized department, Tillerson in the opening days of the Trump administration was cast as an inexperienced statesman undercut by the White House as the nation’s top diplomat, supplanted in that role by the president’s powerful son-in-law. But over the past month, as Tillerson has taken a lead on the administration’s strategy with Syria, Russia and China, his status has shifted – and behind the scenes, he’s emerging as Trump’s favorite cabinet secretary.” http://politi.co/2p57Lto -- “Who’s Dina Powell? A rising Trump national security figure,” by AP’s Catherine Lucey: “Powell’s ties to Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, who recruited her, and to economic adviser Gary Cohn, a fellow Goldman alumnus, mean she has been labeled by some as part of a more moderate group at the White House. But GOP leaders describe her as a longtime conservative thinker. She has quickly earned the respect of the president, who said in a statement to The Associated Press: ‘Dina is an extremely intelligent and competent member of my team. She is highly respected and a great person.’” With cameos by Condi, Bob Corker, Brian Gunderson, and Tommy Vietor http://apne.ws/2oBlOWm ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Tax reform, skills and workforce development and infrastructure investment are some of the keys to unlocking inclusive American economic growth. Learn more in JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon’s Annual Shareholder letter http://politi.co/2oaMj4Q ****** WHICH FACTION WILL WIN? -- “White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week,” by Eric Wolff, Andrew Restuccia, and Josh Dawsey: “President Donald Trump's most senior advisers will huddle next week to resolve long-simmering tensions over whether the United States should stay in the Paris climate change agreement, a major point of dispute between the moderate and nationalist wings of the White House, three administration officials told POLITICO. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, Energy Secretary Rick Perry, senior adviser Jared Kushner and chief strategist Steve Bannon are expected to be at the table. “The meeting is tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, but sources cautioned that the timing and number of attendees is still in flux. The advisers and Cabinet officials hope to be able to reach consensus on a recommendation to the president, though that could prove difficult, as they are divided over whether to abandon the agreement.” http://politi.co/2ohsHZA -- A BIT OF INTRIGUE: While everyone says K.T. McFarland has been fired from the National Security Council, Fox News has booked her for Chris Wallace’s “Fox News Sunday” -- from Mar-a-Lago, where President Trump is staying this weekend without top aides like Reince Priebus, Gary Cohn and Steve Bannon. -- @jonfriedman: “.@BuzzFeedBen broke news in his @davidaxelrod invu: Ivanka emailed Axe during campaign asking if he’d talk w/ Jared! And he did — 2 times!” WAPO’S KRISSAH THOMPSON -- “Melania Trump seemed like a rebellious first lady. She’s turning out to be a retro one”:“[A]fter weeks of shirking the spotlight, Trump has begun to emerge from her cocoon, taking tentative steps to establish herself in her new role. In her first public events and statements, Trump has hewed surprisingly close to the historical expectations of first ladies. Rather than rebellious, she is shaping up to be retro. ‘As people get to know her, [they will see] she has been so focused on tradition and family and children,’ said Stephanie Grisham, the first lady’s spokeswoman.” http://wapo.st/2pCJ7fU THE VICE PRESIDENT’S WEEKEND -- Mike Pence, Karen Pence and their daughters Audrey and Charlotte are taking off today for their trip to southeast Asia. Per pooler Andrew Beatty of AFP: “This 10 day trip will include four countries -- South Korea, Japan, Indonesia and Australia -- 53 hours in the air and 21,750 nautical miles.” The first stop is Elmendorf Air Force Base in Alaska. SHOW ME THE MONEY -- “Trump’s reelection campaign raised $13.2 million in first quarter,” by Ken Vogel: “President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign is off to a quick start, pulling in $13.2 million through a trio of committees in the first three months of the year, while paying an unusually large staff of about 20 employees, according to records filed Friday evening with the [FEC]. Nearly 80 percent of the cash raised by the three committees — Donald J. Trump for President, Trump Victory, and Trump Make America Great Again Committee — came from small donors. The [RNC] says it raised another $41.3 million in the first three months of the year, but as of early Saturday, it had yet to file its final FEC report of the quarter.” http://politi.co/2ohntgf -- “Donald Trump’s Companies Benefit From Campaign Funds:Close to $500,000 is directed to Trump-owned hotels, golf clubs and restaurants in quarter,” by WSJ’s Rebecca Ballhaus: http://on.wsj.com/2nOFyqL SCOOP -- “Trump claims he can’t be sued for inciting rally violence,” by Ken Vogel: “Donald Trump’s lawyers in a Friday afternoon federal court filing argued that he cannot be sued for inciting his supporters to hurt protesters because, as the president, he is immune from civil lawsuits. The lawsuit was brought by three protesters who allege they were roughed up and ejected by Trump supporters from a March 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, after Trump barked from the stage ‘get ‘em out of here!’... In Friday’s filing, the president’s lawyers contend that Trump was not ordering his supporters to rough up the protesters — or to do anything. ‘The Trump Defendants deny that Mr. Trump directed his statement to the crowd,’ the lawyers wrote.” http://politi.co/2oBuVq3 THE JUICE … -- BOLD-FACED PAUL RYAN DONORS: Kenneth Griffin, billionaire hedge fund exec gave $247,700; John Hess of the Hess Corporation gave $244,200; Stanley Druckenmiller gave $150,000; Charles Schwab gave $110,600; Steven A. Cohen gave $100,000; Koch Industries PAC gave $75,000 (all donations were last quarter). -- KEVIN MCCARTHY’s BIG DONORS: Boyden Gray gave McCarthy $244,200; Sam Geduldig gave him $50,000; Elon Musk gave him $50,000. -- CIA DIRECTOR MIKE POMPEO spent $17,000 from his congressional campaign account on research and communications consulting with O’Donnell and Associates in January. He was nominated as CIA director in November. -- FORMER REP. AARON SCHOCK (R-Ill.) spent $117,000 in legal fees. -- REP. CHARLIE CRIST’s (D-Fla.) campaign cut him a $37,000 check to reimburse him for a campaign loan. -- FORMER REP. BART GORDON (D-Tenn.) gave American Friends of Musee d’orsay $10,000 from his campaign account last quarter. -- JIM MESSINA cut a $5,000 check to Obama for America in the first quarter. Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: U.S. Army soldiers work on a tank during a military exercise in Paju, South Korea, near the border with North Korea, on April 14. | Ahn Young-joon/AP Photo ANNA’S HOME STATE! -- “Nervous about GOP congressman, Republicans woo new North Dakota Senate candidate,” by CNN’s Manu Raju: “Top Republicans in Washington are privately sending this message to a GOP congressman once viewed as a top recruit in North Dakota: Don’t run against Sen. Heidi Heitkamp next year. “Senior Senate GOP officials have grown concerned that Rep. Kevin Cramer’s penchant for controversial remarks could damage their chances at one of the party’s most prized opportunities to pickup the crucial seat occupied by Heitkamp, a rare Democratic statewide officeholder in the conservative state. Cramer’s latest remark: Defending Sean Spicer this week in the aftermath of the White House spokesman’s widely condemned comments about Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust. “Behind the scenes, there’s a growing GOP push to woo a wealthy North Dakota state senator, Tom Campbell, who has the resources to largely self-fund a campaign against Heitkamp, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter. Campbell is taking a series of steps to mount a challenge, putting together an organization with the resources that will let him run for a statewide office next year, according to Chip Englander, a political adviser to the state senator. Campbell ‘definitely’ will run for either the House seat now occupied by Cramer or for the Senate seat next year, Englander said.” http://cnn.it/2oho2qk IRONY ALERT -- “Marine Le Pen wants to kill the European Union. But it actually helps pay her bills,” by WaPo’s Michael Birnbaum in Brussels: “Those who fear for the future of the European Union are confronting a painful paradox: Many of the strongest bids to tear apart the E.U. are being underwritten by E.U. cash. France is careening toward a nail-biter presidential election this month that pits a crowded field against anti-E.U. titan Marine Le Pen. But E.U. funds pay her salary, support her assistants, and underwrite the conferences and books she churns out to attack the 28-nation bloc. ... [T]he European affiliate of Le Pen’s National Front party — get millions because of their heft in elections for the European Parliament, an institution that is short on power but flush with cash.” http://wapo.st/2oK3z1g THE INSIDERS -- “Meet The New York City Democrat Flacking For Ivanka Trump,” by BuzzFeed’s Steven Perlberg: “A well-known crisis communications expert, [Risa] Heller has been working in recent months to shape Ivanka’s public image as she assumes a controversial official White House role. But Heller’s position has raised some eyebrows among her former Democratic colleagues in New York political circles. ... Like many top New York City flacks, Heller, 37, cut her teeth in Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer’s notoriously scrappy office. She is well-respected, and has a reputation as a hard worker who knows how to maneuver in a challenging environment. Heller is described by reporters and political operatives as sharp, experienced, and one of the most well-informed gossips in the city.” http://bzfd.it/2oe65d2 THE NEW ECONOMY – “Uber, Lifting Financial Veil, Says Sales Growth Outpaces Losses,” by Bloomberg’s Eric Newcomer: “Uber Technologies Inc. isn’t required to report its finances publicly, but the privately held company has decided to forgo that luxury for the first time. Uber said its revenue growth is outpacing losses, hoping to show the business is on a strong trajectory as it attempts to address a recent cascade of scandals. The ride-hailing giant more than doubled gross bookings in 2016 to $20 billion, according to financial information Uber shared with Bloomberg. Net revenue was $6.5 billion, while adjusted net losses were $2.8 billion, excluding the China business, which it sold last summer.” https://bloom.bg/2pjPcyA ANDREW SULLIVAN in NYMag, “Why Do Democrats Feel Sorry for Hillary Clinton?”: “She ran with a popular Democratic incumbent president in the White House in a growing economy. She had the extra allure of possibly breaking a glass ceiling that — with any other female candidate — would have been as inspiring as the election of the first black president. In the general election, she was running against a malevolent buffoon with no political experience, with a deeply divided party behind him, and whose negatives were stratospheric. She outspent him by almost two-to-one. Her convention was far more impressive than his. The demographics favored her. And yet she still managed to lose!” http://nym.ag/2og8KC9 ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: In his recent Annual Shareholder letter, JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon stressed the importance of deepening our investment in infrastructure, noting “Infrastructure should not be a stop-start process but an ongoing endeavor whereby intelligent investments are made continuously.” Learn more: http://politi.co/2oKtc2G ****** SARAH ELLISON in May’s Vanity Fair, “The Inside Story of the Kushner-Bannon Civil War: West Wing sources come clean about the backstabbing, the bullying, the distrust, and the buzzing flies”: “The West Wing of the White House is a cramped collection of tiny offices, some of them windowless, linked by narrow hallways. New inhabitants are sometimes surprised at just how small the physical quarters are. ... Parts of the West Wing can feel grungy and old, and look as if they have been repainted far too often. Many of the offices contain mousetraps to fight the inevitable infestation. Because the windows don’t open, for security reasons, large flies buzz near the ceilings. The relentless pressures and close quarters mean that someone in the West Wing always seems to be sick. You’ll hear White House veterans say that working in the West Wing is like being on a submarine, sealed off from the rest of the world. ‘You are right on top of each other and you see each other all the time,’ recalled one West Wing veteran.” http://bit.ly/2nOClHH SNEAK PEAK -- On NBC’s “Sunday TODAY with Willie Geist,” actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus says that when Hillary Clinton lost in November, it “rocked our world” at “Veep.” Both Democrats and Republicans “dig” the show because Selina Meyer never identified parties so “they all think we’re making fun of the other guy.” Tomorrow is the 1st anniversary of “Sunday TODAY with Willie Geist.” http://on.today.com/2ocPgPR PLAYBOOK TRAVEL SECTION -- “Delta will pay you up to $10,000 to give up your seat,” by CNN’s Jackie Wattles: “A company spokesperson confirmed to CNNMoney that supervisors were previously only able to offer up to $1,350, but Delta notified them on Friday that they'll now be able to offer up to $9,950 in compensation. Gate agents are also now authorized to offer more as well: $2,000 -- up from $800.” http://cnnmon.ie/2piCnaL CLICKER – “The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics,”edited by Matt Wuerker -- 13 keepers http://politi.co/2pjF2hz GREAT WEEKEND READS, curated by Daniel Lippman: --“How Hackers Hijacked a Bank’s Entire Online Operation,”by Wired’s Andy Greenberg: “[O]ne enterprising group of hackers targeting a Brazilian bank seems to have taken a more comprehensive and devious approach: One weekend afternoon, they rerouted all of the bank’s online customers to perfectly reconstructed fakes of the bank’s properties, where the marks obediently handed over their account information.” http://bit.ly/2p3RN2R --“He Didn’t Fit the Mold of a Revolutionary,’” by Michael Weinreb in The Ringer: “Twenty years after Tiger Woods’s historic victory at the 1997 Masters, the golf icon is sitting out the tournament yet again. With his cultural impact dwindling by the day, friends, journalists, and fellow golfers reflect on Tiger’s increasingly complicated legacy.” http://bit.ly/2p3L8Wu --“Why people prefer unequal societies,” by Christina Starmans, Mark Sheskin and Paul Bloom in Nature: “Despite appearances to the contrary, there is no evidence that people are bothered by economic inequality itself. Rather, they are bothered by something that is often confounded with inequality: economic unfairness. ... [H]umans naturally favour fair distributions, not equal ones, and that when fairness and equality clash, people prefer fair inequality over unfair equality.” http://go.nature.com/2og1GWt --The Lost City of Z,” by David Grann in the New Yorker’s Sept. 19, 2005 issue: “A quest to uncover the secrets of the Amazon.” http://bit.ly/2p3QYqI --“Anthony Bourdain Does Not Want to Owe Anybody Even a Single Dollar” – Wealthsimple: “Before he was the guy from Parts Unknown, he was 44, never had a savings account, hadn’t filed taxes in 10 years, and was AWOL on his AmEx bill. That turned out to be a great financial education.” http://bit.ly/2oIAwuZ (h/t Longform.org) --“The Reconstruction of Ulysses S. Grant,” by Michael Durbin in Damn Interesting: per The Browser’s description: “Ulysses S. Grant drank too much, peddled firewood, worked his way up through the Union Army, won the Civil War, and served two terms as president. Foreseeing a well-earned retirement he invested his life savings in a Wall Street brokerage — but the firm went bust and left him penniless. A month later Grant was diagnosed with cancer. To leave something for his family he wrote his memoirs in six months, and died a week later. Thanks to Mark Twain’s intervention, the book made a fortune.” http://bit.ly/2ofKr7G --“Meet The Teen Sexual Assault Survivors Who Took On Their School District And Won,” by BuzzFeed’s Tyler Kingkade: “A group of teenagers in Oregon forced their school district to change how it handles sexual violence. But should it fall on students to make sure schools do the right thing?” http://bzfd.it/2ofYD0d (h/t Longreads.com) --“The world’s reefs are dying. Here’s how to save them” – The Economist: “Though pollution and overuse are damaging corals, their biodiversity offers hope for their future.” http://bit.ly/2oczkwY --“Hacking DNA: The Story of CRISPR, Ken Thompson, and the Gene Drive,” by Geoff Ralston in YCombinator: “The genetic code described in DNA can be thought of as the software that builds every life form on our planet. Geneticists are learning to decode genomes, but have been hobbled by the fact that they have very limited ability to modify that code. ... But given the ability to edit and change the genetic software, learning can begin in earnest. Not only is it far easier to discover how the code works, but bugs can be fixed and improvements made; hackers will now emerge.” http://bit.ly/2ocMU3l --“The legend of the Legion,” by Robert Twigger in Aeon Magazine: “His cap is bleached as white as the bones of a Saharan camel. Is the romance of the French Foreign Legion a cult of death?” http://bit.ly/2ocYH1D --“How Google Book Search Got Lost,” by Scott Rosenberg in Backchannel: “Google Books was the company’s first moonshot. But 15 years later, the project is stuck in low-Earth orbit.” http://bit.ly/2pg5FXo --“Why I gave my kidney to a stranger — and why you should consider doing it too,” by Vox’s Dylan Matthews: “It turned out I had to slightly change my antidepressant mixture (too much Wellbutrin is tough on the kidneys), and everyone who donates a kidney has to switch to acetaminophen rather than aspirin or ibuprofen for over-the-counter pain relief for the rest of their lives. Neither of those seemed like a particularly big deal; my brand loyalty shouldn’t keep someone from getting a kidney. After the day of meetings, the transplant team officially approved me as a donor.” http://bit.ly/2ocRVsA --“This is the Jeff Bezos playbook for preventing Amazon’s demise” – Recode: “It’s Day 1 forever because Day 2 is death.” http://bit.ly/2ovzuAh --“Sarin and sentimentality: Trump and Assad’s emotional chemistry,” by Charles P. Blair and Brooke V. Higgins in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists: “At least as far back as Homer’s Odyssey, strictures against poison existed around the world. This was the result, in part, of poison’s role as an ‘equalizer’—poison empowered the weak, notably women, and was therefore considered illegitimate in conflict among elite male warriors. ... Poison came to be associated with treachery and cowardice; ‘legitimate’ warfare was practiced through force.” http://bit.ly/2ozN1bH --“The President and the Bomb, Part III,” by Alex Wellerstein on Restricted Data: “I have even less faith than before in the idea that such an order would be disobeyed. Maybe you do — that’s fine, and I appreciate the company of optimists. But the notion that the system won’t work as intended is not a real check.” http://bit.ly/2ozIplW(h/t TheBrowser.com) Playbookers TRANSITIONS -- Aaron Ringel, most recently deputy chief of staff for Rep. Richard Hudson (R-N.C.) and former Mike Pompeo LD, is heading to the EPA, where he starts Monday as deputy associate administrator for congressional affairs. ... Lesley Fulop starts on Monday as press secretary for Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.). She was previously comms director for Rep. Michael Burgess (R-Tex.). ENGAGED – HuffPost reporter and editor Eliot Nelson, who writes HuffPost Hill, yesterday proposed to Meghan Apfelbaum, a senior account manager at Hustle, the peer-to-peer text messaging platform for campaigns and nonprofits. They “met through friends back in 2013. We were at the same party when she offered me a bran muffin from a tote bag she was lugging around. The rest is history. I proposed during our recent trip to Spain and Portugal (plane tickets paid for with miles I accumulated covering the 2016 election -- and here I thought 2016 would ruin our relationship). We were having a glass of wine and watching the sun set from the balcony of the Lisbon apartment we had rented. We were also wearing our pajamas. I couldn’t have asked for a more beautiful or sillier moment to propose.” Pic http://bit.ly/2ovAFzH WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Todd Harris, partner at Something Else Strategies and a Rubio advisor, and Ieva M. Augstums, deputy VP of public affairs at PhRMA and a Purple Strategies and AP alum, have welcomed Sabine Viktorija Harris. Big sister Emilija (2) is already great help. Pics http://politi.co/2pBOWdt ... http://politi.co/2ozTcNa HAPPY 50th ANNIVERSARY to Pat and Bob Schieffer (hat tip: Susanna Quinn) BIRTHDAYS: Pete Rouse, former counselor to President Obama, now firmwide co-chair of the Public and Strategic Affairs Group at Perkins Coie … Frank “Frankles” Benenati, former director of public affairs at EPA and spokesman at the Obama WH ... John F.W. Rogers is 61 … Sarah Bloom Raskin, past Treasury deputy secretary (h/t Marina and Joe McCarthy) ... Tom Rosenstiel, the pride of Woodside, Calif., journalist, media critic, executive director at American Press Institute and author of his debut novel, “Shining City” (h/t Jon Haber) ... Linda Bloodworth-Thomason ... Amie Parnes, a Politico alum, Jon Allen’s book partner, and co-author of “Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton’s Doomed Campaign” (out this Tuesday -- $18.30 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2pBxaY2) (h/t Ben Chang) ... Amie’s mother, the eternally youthful Esther Parnes – Parnes-squared ... Ray Locker, Washington enterprise editor at USA Today, is 57 ... Alex Miller, senior account executive at kglobal ... Grace Mary Aylmer, Chamber Watch campaign coordinator at Public Citizen ... Leslie Shedd, VP of comms at the National Restaurant Association (h/t Kurt Bardella, filing from Nashville) ... FiscalNote alum Rishi Banerjee ... Dana Gansman of the National 4-H Council and a Schumer alum ... FERC’s Mary O’Driscoll ... Brandon Lynaugh, Ohio-based public affairs & ballot issue guru ... Alexandra Hudson, who worked in leg affairs on Trump’s transition team and is now in the administration (hubby tip: Kian) ... John Ey, POLITICO super fan (h/t daughter Caroline) ... Maia Daniels ... Bart Jackson, regional comms manager at GoFundMe, a DOE alum, proud Bay Area native and Dickinson alum (h/t Andrew Bates) ... Hudson Bay Capital’s Sander Gerber ... Phil Goldfeder, former NY Assemblyman, now at Yeshiva University (h/ts Jewish Insider) ... ... Max Neuberger of Jewish Insider, the premier newsletter for Jewish and Israeli news ... former Rep. Howard Berman (D-Calif.) is 76 ... Rachel Kleinfeld, senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and founder of the Truman National Security Project ... Linda Bloodworth-Thomason ... Nina Rees, president and CEO of National Alliance for Public Charter Schools (h/t Kris Anderson) … E-Democracy.org founder and executive director Steven Clift ... Cheyenne Hopkins Beach, VP for financial services comms. at Edelman and a Bloomberg alum ... WashTimes contributor Michael Taube, a former speechwriter for ex-Canadian PM Stephen Harper … Portland attorney Jonathan Singer is 33 ... Kate Bernard, gov’t operations, comms, for Boeing … Rajan Trivedi, masters of public policy candidate at Harvard Kennedy School and a Grant Thornton alum … Katie Scharf Dykes, chair of the CT Public Utilities Regulatory Authority … Brian Montopoli, producer at MSNBC … Patrick Henry ... WJLA’s Stan Melton Jr. ... Robyn Swirling ... Jaimey Sexton ... Carol Ao Wolf ... Ethel Ann Koch … Rosemary Potter ... Cheryl Cohn (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... actress Claudia Cardinale is 79 (h/t Nadia Szold) ... Seth Rogen is 35 ... Emma Watson is 27 (h/ts AP) THE SHOWS, by @MattMackowiak, filing from Austin: -- “Fox News Sunday”: Deputy National Security Adviser KT McFarland … Rep. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas). Panel: Heritage Action for America CEO Michael Needham, Bob Woodward, Jennifer Griffin and Jones Group International VP Gillian Turner … “Power Player of the Week” with opera singer Renée Fleming -- NBC’s “Meet the Press”: DHS Secretary John Kelly … Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) … Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.). Religion panel: Bent Tree Bible Fellowship (Carrolton, Texas) Pastor JoAnn Hummel, The Potter’s House (Dallas) senior pastor Bishop T.D. Jakes and Union for Reform Judaism senior adviser for policy and strategy Rabbi David Saperstein. Political panel: Mark Leibovich, Heather McGhee, Andrea Mitchell and former Sen. John E. Sununu (R-N.H.) -- ABC's "This Week": National Security Adviser Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster ... former Amb. Chris Hill. Panel: Jonathan Cheng, Jennifer Jacobs, Rick Klein -- CNN’s “State of the Union”: Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.) … Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). Panel: Bakari Sellers, Rep. Mia Love (R-Utah), Jason Kander and Bill Kristol -- CBS’s “Face the Nation”: Report from Pyongyang, North Korea from CBS News’ Ben Tracy … author David McCullough (“The American Spirit”). Political panel: David Ignatius, Robin Wright, David Nakamura and Jamelle Bouie. Religion panel: Author and The American Conservative’s Rod Dreher, Southern Baptist Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission president Russell Moore, author Abigail Pogrebin and America Magazine editor-at-large and Jesuit Priest Father James Martin. Political panel: Ken Duberstein, Denis McDonough and author Chris Whipple -- CNN’s “Inside Politics” with John King: Panel: Julie Pace, Jonathan Martin, Abby Phillip and Manu Raju -- CNN’s “Reliable Sources”: Panel: NPR head of news Michael Oreskes, Huffington Post editor-in-chief Lydia Polgreen and Reuters editor-in-chief Stephen J. Adler … Dan Rather … Jen Psaki … The Guardian contributor and writer/photographer Chris Arnade -- Fox News’ “Sunday Morning Futures: Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) … Grover Norquist … Sebastian Gorka. Panel: Ed Rollins, Brad Blakeman and Mara Liasson -- Fox News’ “MediaBuzz”: Erin McPike … Amy Holmes … Marie Harf … Mollie Hemingway … Jonah Goldberg … Liz Claman -- CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS”: Panel: Former Deputy Secretary of State and CNN global affairs analyst Tony Blinken, The Atlantic’s David Frum and Hoover Institution senior editor Kori Schake … French Amb. to the U.S. Gerard Araud … Hurriyet Daily News and International New York Times columnist and author Mustafa Akyol -- Univision’s “Al Punto”: Rep. Adriano Espaillat (D-N.Y.) … immigration attorney Ezequiel Hernández … political analyst, writer and journalist Denise Dresser … Governor of Miranda and Venezuelan opposition leader Henrique Capriles Radonski … Univision Sports commentators Jose Luis López Salido and Raúl Guzmán -- C-SPAN: “The Communicators”: Economists Incorporated principal Hal Singer, questioned by Bloomberg BNA’s Lydia Beyoud … “Newsmakers”: VA Secretary David Shulkin, questioned by WSJ’s Ben Kesling and Military Times’ Leo Shane … “Q&A”: Discussion with high school students visiting Washington as part of the U.S. Senate Youth Program -- PBS’s “To the Contrary” with Bonnie Erbé: (airs all weekend): Panel: Latifa Lyles, Ann Stone, Patricia Sosa and Jennifer Higgins -- Washington Times’ “Mack on Politics” weekly politics podcast with Matt Mackowiak (download on iTunes or listen at http://bit.ly/2mGabdq : Former U.S. Amb. to South Korea Mark Lippert. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Optimistic about the future of America’s economy, Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon believes we need effective public policy and for business to play a role in developing solutions that spur economic growth and benefit every American. Learn more in his Annual Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2nTquUG ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Saturday, 4/15/17 Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 Tuesday, 4/11/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine How to Make a Deal With North Korea By William J. Perry Is Georgia Poised for a Democratic Upset? By Rebecca Burns Just What Is Trump Trying to Do in Syria? By Daniel Benjamin and Steven Simon The Post Pours Some Sugar on Gary Cohn By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 1Q Earnings Preview: What Should Bank of America Shareholders Expect? The nation’s second-biggest bank by assets is set to report earnings on April 18. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 15, 2017 at 9:49AM When Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) reports first-quarter earnings Tuesday morning, the North Carolina-based bank is likely to see its bottom line improve significantly compared to the year-ago period. Investors can be confident about this given the recent results from JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) and Citigroup (NYSE:C). Both banks benefited, in particular, from two trends that should also help to fuel Bank of America's bottom line. Image source: The Motley Fool. First, trading revenues soared at the two New York-based banks. Markets-related revenue at JPMorgan Chase was up 13% in the quarter, with fixed-income revenue up 17%. The same figures at Citigroup were 18% and 19%, respectively. The double-digit growth in trading revenues is less about the first quarter of this year and more about the first three months of 2016, when trading results plunged. Low oil prices and other concerns about the global economy caused institutional investors to stay on the sidelines at the beginning of last year, depriving market makers like JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup from revenue they earn from facilitating the purchase and sale of securities. It was an easy period to comp against, in other words. Along similar lines, both banks also saw a meaningful decline in the amount of money they set aside to cover future loan losses. This is the second positive trend. Most banks scaled up their loan loss provisions in the first quarter of last year in anticipation of loan defaults throughout the energy sector, as oil prices dropped below $30 a barrel. But with oil on the mend, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup were able to set aside less this year. Citigroup's provisions dropped by 19%, to $1.7 billion, while JPMorgan Chase's fell by 28%, to $1.3 billion. Brent Crude Oil Spot Price data by YCharts. These trends boosted net income at the two banks by 17%, and should have a similar impact on Bank of America, given its analogous business model -- all three are universal banks, running both investment and commercial-banking operations. On top of this, Bank of America is also set to gain from the Federal Reserve's decision in December to raise the fed funds rate, the primary short-term interest-rate benchmark in the United States. That single hike, according to the bank's estimates, should boost its net interest income each quarter this year by approximately $600 million. And that doesn't factor in the Fed's move in March to raise rates another 25 basis points. The net result is that Bank of America, like its two close competitors, should see its bottom line benefit from a number of industry tailwinds. To be clear, this doesn't necessarily mean that the $2.2 trillion bank's stock will climb after Tuesday's report, as bank stocks have already rallied by more than 20% over the past five months. But it does mean that Bank of America continues to put distance between itself and the financial crisis, which has weighed on its earnings for nearly a decade. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 15, 2017 at 9:49AM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $58.08 down $0.43 (-0.73%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.34 down $0.31 (-1.37%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $84.20 down $-1.20 (-1.41%) Read More The Staggering Cost of a Quarter-Point Interest-Rate Hike Why Bank of America Shares Are Down 5% Today Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Bank of America's CEO Just Answered an Important Riddle for Shareholders The Biggest Risk to Bank of America Stock Right Now Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 1Q Earnings Preview: What Should Bank of America Shareholders Expect? @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Issued By Jefferies Group Quadrant Capital Group LLC Has $115,000 Stake in Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) National Pension Service Purchases 8,004 Shares of Amphenol Co. (APH) City Merchants High Yield Trust Limited Ord (CMHY) to Issue Dividend of GBX 2.50 on May 26th Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Quadrant Capital Group LLC Has $130,000 Position in Public Storage (PSA) Quadrant Capital Group LLC Acquires 6,896 Shares of STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Very Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect National Security Group (NSEC) Stock Price Very Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Ideal Power (IPWR) Share Price Very Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Stock Price RMR Group (RMRAV) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Genocea Biosciences (GNCA) Receiving Very Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $254.75 Million Brokerages Expect Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $753.93 Million Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $6.355 Million Position in Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Shares Sold by GW&K Investment Management LLC GW&K Investment Management LLC Sells 1,115 Shares of Pool Co. (POOL) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $4.671 Million Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Position in Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Issued By Jefferies Group April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) – Equities research analysts at Jefferies Group lifted their Q2 2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst K. Usdin now anticipates that the financial services provider will earn $1.55 per share for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $1.54. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating and a $94.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Q3 2017 earnings at $1.63 EPS and Q4 2017 earnings at $1.61 EPS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The business earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.35 earnings per share. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Issued By Jefferies Group” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/q2-2017-earnings-estimate-for-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-issued-by-jefferies-group.html. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on JPM. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Friday. Vetr raised shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $97.82 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Sandler O’Neill reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Nomura reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $89.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, seventeen have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.47. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.40 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $89.20 and a 200 day moving average of $81.87. The company has a market capitalization of $300.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.63 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Pacific Center for Financial Services purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC raised its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. In other news, insider Ashley Bacon sold 12,986 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.15, for a total value of $1,092,771.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 67,670 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,694,430.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,868,780.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.37%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 31.02%. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Comments on Bank of New York Mellon Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BK) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Pacific Global Investment Management CO Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Increases Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Shares Bought by InterOcean Capital LLC Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Position Decreased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Hampstead Capital LLP Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Renaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Position in PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Alaska Communications Systems Group Inc (ALSK) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC Wexford Capital LP Has $4.336 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Stake in Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) CommVault Systems, Inc. (CVLT) Short Interest Update Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings (ICPT) Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Cuts Position in Malibu Boats Inc (MBUU) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc (BBW) State Street Corp Acquires 20,280 Shares of The Providence Service Co. (PRSC) Quidel Co. (QDEL) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Increases Stake in Iconix Brand Group Inc (ICON) Wexford Capital LP Has $4.336 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wexford Capital LP boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 133.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 50,251 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 28,759 shares during the period. Wexford Capital LP’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $4,336,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $125,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $144,000. Hemenway Trust Co LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Vigilant Capital Management LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 21.6% in the third quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 2,528 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $168,000 after buying an additional 449 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.40 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52-week low of $57.05 and a 52-week high of $93.98. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $89.20 and a 200-day moving average of $81.87. The company has a market capitalization of $300.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.63 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The firm earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The company’s revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.35 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 4th. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.37%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wexford Capital LP Has $4.336 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/wexford-capital-lp-has-4-336-million-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. A number of research analysts have commented on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “market perform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Friday. Vetr upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, December 19th. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, CLSA reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $79.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, seventeen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.47. In other news, CFO Marianne Lake sold 13,072 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.68, for a total value of $1,093,864.96. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 44,711 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,741,416.48. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 237,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,868,780.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bridge Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Takes Position in REX American Resources Corp (REX) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in Landauer Inc (LDR) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 15,658 Sparton Co. (SPA) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $279,000 Position in Conn's Inc (CONN) Jefferies Group Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for RPC, Inc. (RES) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Gibraltar Industries Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ROCK) Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bond Prices Rise 1% Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Broadcom Put Options (AVGO) California Resources Corp (CRC) Debt Trading 1% Lower Support.com, Inc. (SPRT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Auris Medical Holding AG (EARS) Short Interest Update Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Tractor Supply Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TSCO) DA Davidson Weighs in on Encore Wire Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WIRE) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Blackstone Group LP (BX) Raised by Analyst Nordson Co. (NDSN) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Short Interest Up 49.5% in March Boenning Scattergood Comments on DiamondRock Hospitality Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DRH) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Short Interest Up 95.1% in March Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Shares Bought by State Street Corp April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp boosted its position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE) by 20.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 304,800 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 51,688 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Bridge Bancorp were worth $11,551,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Bridge Bancorp by 16.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 249,661 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $7,137,000 after buying an additional 35,828 shares in the last quarter. Stieven Capital Advisors L.P. bought a new position in Bridge Bancorp during the fourth quarter worth about $1,891,000. Citadel Advisors LLC bought a new position in Bridge Bancorp during the third quarter worth about $567,000. First Trust Advisors LP increased its position in Bridge Bancorp by 12.5% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 25,166 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $719,000 after buying an additional 2,789 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. increased its position in Bridge Bancorp by 34.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 17,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $506,000 after buying an additional 4,500 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 47.41% of the company’s stock. Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE) opened at 32.35 on Friday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $34.83 and its 200-day moving average is $33.66. The company has a market cap of $608.12 million, a P/E ratio of 16.21 and a beta of 0.88. Bridge Bancorp, Inc. has a 52 week low of $26.90 and a 52 week high of $38.95. Bridge Bancorp (NASDAQ:BDGE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The financial services provider reported $0.50 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.01. Bridge Bancorp had a net margin of 23.08% and a return on equity of 10.02%. On average, analysts predict that Bridge Bancorp, Inc. will post $2.03 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st will be paid a dividend of $0.23 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.84%. Bridge Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is presently 46.23%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/bridge-bancorp-inc-bdge-shares-bought-by-state-street-corp.html. BDGE has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Bridge Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $37.00 price target on shares of Bridge Bancorp in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Hovde Group initiated coverage on shares of Bridge Bancorp in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $40.00 price target for the company. In related news, insider Thomas J. Tobin sold 6,896 shares of Bridge Bancorp stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.67, for a total transaction of $245,980.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 18,147 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $647,303.49. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Dennis A. Suskind sold 2,000 shares of Bridge Bancorp stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.40, for a total transaction of $72,800.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 83,821 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,051,084.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 11,896 shares of company stock valued at $427,560. 6.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Bridge Bancorp Company Profile Bridge Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company for The Bridgehampton National Bank (the Bank). The Bank engages in commercial and consumer banking business, including accepting time, savings and demand deposits from the consumers, businesses and local municipalities surrounding its branch offices. These deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, are invested primarily in commercial real estate loans; multi-family mortgage loans; home equity loans; construction loans; residential mortgage loans; secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans; Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities; New York State and local municipal obligations, and the United States government sponsored entity (U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDGE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE). Receive News & Ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy Policy About/Contact Us Terms and Conditions Contributors Write For Us MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Bottomline Technologies - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow Baseball News Source Latest News Credit Agricole Sa (CRARY) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Director Sells C$529,898.11 in Stock Insider Selling: Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CEO Sells 6,875 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Owens Corning (OC) Insider Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Realty Income Corp (O) EVP Sells 10,213 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: PC Connection, Inc. (CNXN) CEO Sells 20,492 Shares of Stock PC Connection, Inc. (CNXN) CEO Sells $586,071.20 in Stock Insider Selling: Qualys Inc (QLYS) CEO Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) PT Raised to $46.00 Shelton Capital Management Sells 13,317 Shares of The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Charlemagne Capital Ltd. Buys 1,120 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) 29,213 Shares in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Acquired by Diligent Investors LLC Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Buys 191 Shares of Walt Disney Co (DIS) The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Position Increased by Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) Posted by Donnie Miller on Apr 16th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Comerica Bank increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) by 4.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 39,271 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,649 shares during the period. Comerica Bank owned about 0.10% of Bottomline Technologies worth $995,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of EPAY. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies by 2.9% in the third quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 211,725 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,935,000 after buying an additional 6,000 shares in the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies by 51.5% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 16,373 shares of the company’s stock worth $382,000 after buying an additional 5,564 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Bottomline Technologies by 44.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 31,589 shares of the company’s stock worth $736,000 after buying an additional 9,664 shares in the last quarter. Nicolet Bankshares Inc. boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 3.5% in the third quarter. Nicolet Bankshares Inc. now owns 26,015 shares of the company’s stock valued at $606,000 after buying an additional 875 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 29.0% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 37,419 shares of the company’s stock valued at $872,000 after buying an additional 8,419 shares during the last quarter. 92.53% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) traded down 0.96% during trading on Friday, reaching $21.74. 293,917 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $23.94 and its 200 day moving average is $24.29. Bottomline Technologies has a one year low of $18.48 and a one year high of $31.24. The company’s market capitalization is $822.14 million. Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.26 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.08. Bottomline Technologies had a positive return on equity of 6.20% and a negative net margin of 9.01%. The business earned $86.73 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $85.38 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.38 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Bottomline Technologies will post $0.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Bottomline Technologies (EPAY)” was originally posted by BBNS and is the property of of BBNS. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/comerica-bank-has-995000-stake-in-bottomline-technologies-epay-2-updated/527957.html. EPAY has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Needham & Company LLC boosted their target price on shares of Bottomline Technologies from $28.00 to $31.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $27.80. In other news, insider Norman J. Deluca sold 2,750 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.55, for a total transaction of $64,762.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 93,956 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,212,663.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Peter Gibson bought 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $24.42 per share, with a total value of $48,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $244,200. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.20% of the company’s stock. About Bottomline Technologies Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc is engaged in providing a set of cloud-based business payment, digital banking, fraud prevention, payment and financial document solutions. The Company helps businesses pay and get paid. It offers hosted or Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions, as well as software designed to run on-site at the customer’s location. Receive News & Ratings for Bottomline Technologies Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies and related companies with our FREE daily email newsletter.   Latest News Hall of Famer Given New Lease on Life New York Mets Have the Power Red Sox Fighting Through Illness and Injury Cleveland and Arizona Off to Fast Starts Foreign-Born MLB Players Reaches All-Time High Madison Bumgarner Smacks Two Home Runs to Set Record Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Markets © 2006-2017 BBNS.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance JPMorgan profit rises 16.8 percent JPMorgan profit rises 16.8 percent Source : Last Updated: Thu, Apr 13, 2017 16:49 hrs Tweet Mail Print JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, reported a 16.8 percent rise in quarterly profit on Thursday as the bank made more loans and racked up additional revenue from increased trading. The bank's net income rose to $6.45 billion in the first quarter ended March 31 from $5.52 billion a year earlier. Earnings per share rose to $1.65 from $1.35. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.52 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. It was not immediately clear if the reported results were comparable. Trading increased across Wall Street over the past year as investors changed their positions around the Brexit vote, the U.S. elections and the Federal Reserve's hikes in interest rates. Customers also borrowed more as the economy expanded, though the pace of loan growth has slackened somewhat recently. Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup Inc are also scheduled to report results on Thursday. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0.39%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0.59%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28500.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0.63%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0.9%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0.71%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 4/15 Updated This is what American teenagers want to be when they grow up 4/15 Updated The Olsen twins’ debacle may have made free internships a thing of the past 4/15 Updated Most millennials don’t want to pay for Netflix 4/15 Updated ‘My family lost 90% of our Silicon Valley income — and we’ve never been happier’ 4/15 Updated How you could deduct a swimming pool from your income taxes, and 4 other surprising items 4/15 Updated Have you heard the one about a Nobel Prize–winning economist getting ejected from a United Airlines flight? 4/15 Updated 10 best quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — here’s what they really mean 4/15 Updated 10 photos of North Korea’s massive military parade as ‘Frankenmissile’ is unveiled 4/15 Updated Trump demands a carriage ride with the Queen during his U.K. visit 4/15 'Dancing Trump' joins tax march in Washington, D.C. 4/15 Trump tax protest turns violent in Berkeley, Calif. 4/15 Stocks ride into North Korea ‘danger zone’ before Monday open 4/15 Tax March: Protesters demand Trump release tax returns 4/15 Dozens killed after bomb hits buses carrying Syrian evacuees 4/15 Updated Todd Heap, former NFL tight end, accidentally runs over, kills 3-year-old daughter 4/15 Updated Stocks ride into North Korea ‘danger zone’ before Monday open 4/15 Updated United Airlines earnings: can profit beat expectations for fifth-straight quarter? 4/15 Updated United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions 4/15 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/15 Trump’s companies benefit from roughly $500,000 in campaign funds, document shows Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Jamie Dimon says fixing mortgage industry would boost lending by $300 billion a year By Andrea Riquier Published: Apr 14, 2017 11:54 a.m. ET Share Federal fines have caused banks to retreat from making FHA loans. By AndreaRiquier Corrects story to reflect that Quicken Loans was threatened with a fine. Getty Images Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -1.17%   on Thursday reported earnings and revenue that beat expectations, with trading and investment banking revenues contributing the most during the quarter. But the company’s CEO used his annual letter to push for a different business line, one which has fizzled in recent years. “It is no surprise the financial crisis, which was caused in part by poor mortgage lending practices and which caused so much pain for American families and businesses, led to new regulations and enhanced supervision,” Jamie Dimon wrote. “We needed to create a safer and better functioning mortgage industry. However, our housing sector has been unusually slow to recover, and that may be partly due to restrictions in mortgage credit.” Dimon then devoted about 1,400 words to a discussion about the regulations put in place since the subprime crisis. An overly onerous regulatory burden, he argued, has reduced mortgage lending by about $300 billion annually — or the equivalent of about 3 million home loans since the crisis. “Our economists think that $1 trillion of loans could have increased GDP, in each of those five years, by 0.5 [percentage points],” he wrote. Dimon is especially critical of the Federal Housing Administration, the government mortgage-buying agency that stepped up in the depths of the crisis when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were still on their knees. The FHA has drawn fire because of its aggressive use of the False Claims Act, legislation that was intended to protect the government from fraud, but which many industry participants say has been used to wring money from banks. That’s caused banks to flee from FHA lending, leaving “non-banks” as its primary lenders. And even some non-banks aren’t happy with the situation: Quicken Loans sued the government after being threatened with a fine. Also read: An old fear returns as new mortgage market players rise “A first step to increasing participation in the FHA program could be the communication of support for only using the FCA, as originally intended, to penalize intentional fraud rather than immaterial or unintentional errors,” Dimon wrote. He also calls for uniform standards for servicing mortgages, noting that “new mortgage rules and regulations total more than 14,000 pages and stand about six feet tall.” Treasury could take the lead on this effort, Dimon writes, as it did when it developed initiatives to help homeowners in distress. In particular, he notes the enormous costs associated with servicing a troubled mortgage: $2,386, or more than 13 times the $181 it costs to service a healthy loan, according to Mortgage Bankers Association data. That’s keeping all lenders from extending credit to borrowers who don’t have pristine credit histories. Wells Fargo WFC, -3.33%   and Citi C, -0.80%  , both of which also announced earnings Thursday, said their mortgage servicing businesses declined 46% and 64% compared to a year ago, respectively. At J.P. Morgan, it’s up 7% compared to the same period a year ago, however. Dimon’s proposals aren’t new, though it may be the first time someone of his stature has taken such a formal opportunity to argue for them. But it’s worth pointing out a few other post-crisis developments which may also be keeping a lid on mortgage lending: skittishness about homeownership, pricey rents that make it hard to save up a down payment, scant inventory that’s pushing home prices higher, and more. More from MarketWatch Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities What Is the Most Dangerous Situation Trump Faces? This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook... Quote References JPM -1.00 -1.17% WFC -1.77 -3.33% C -0.47 -0.80% Most Popular Stocks ride into North Korea ‘danger zone’ before Monday open 10 photos of North Korea’s massive military parade as ‘Frankenmissile’ is unveiled United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook... This medical device scans your brain on marijuana Andrea Riquier Andrea Riquier reports on housing from the Washington bureau of MarketWatch. Follow her on Twitter @ARiquier. MarketWatch Partner Center Andrea Riquier Andrea Riquier reports on housing from the Washington bureau of MarketWatch. Follow her on Twitter @ARiquier. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.40 -1.00 (-1.17%) Volume 30.2M Open $85.50 High $86.99 Low $84.40 P/E Ratio 13 Div Yield 2.37 Market Cap 300.3B Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $51.35 -1.77 (-3.33%) Volume 47.4M Open $51.80 High $52.75 Low $51.35 P/E Ratio 12.84 Div Yield 2.96 Market Cap 256.9B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.04 -0.47 (-0.80%) Volume 31.6M Open $58.30 High $59.73 Low $57.68 P/E Ratio 11.68 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 160.5B
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Flash-crash trader jumps into currency market when others flee As stricter regulation has prompted banks to withdraw from currency trading, new players have emerged to fill the gap. In October 2016, the pound slumped about 9 per cent in a matter of seconds. Aston Capital Management traded $500 million in 90 seconds during the pound’s plunge.   (Matt Cardy / GETTY IMAGES)   By Lananh NguyenBloomberg Sat., April 15, 2017 NEW YORK—Isaac Lieberman loves a good flash crash. There’s nothing nefarious afoot here, to be clear. It’s just that at a time when many currency-trading firms don’t know what to do when extreme price fluctuations hit, Lieberman’s brought together a bunch of military and tech gurus to form a firm — Aston Capital Management — that’s designed to thrive at those moments. When others shut down, it gears up. “We get very excited about flash events because it gives us data to work with that’s very hard to come by,” Lieberman said in an interview at Aston’s office on the 85th floor of New York’s Freedom Tower. “You can’t simulate things like this.” Violent shifts in the $5.1-trillion-a-day (U.S.) foreign-exchange market have become more common in recent years. New players such as Aston, which began in 2014, have emerged as electronic market makers. They offer to buy and sell currencies to customers even during the hairiest price swings and hope to profit when prices bounce back. Aston’s techies analyze price patterns and create computerized strategies to predict where markets will move. They also measure the company’s performance during the events and adapt its algorithms. “A flash crash or an event could be an opportunity for a currency manager” who specializes in volatility, said Alison Romano, senior investment officer at Florida’s State Board of Administration, which manages the state pension plan. “I want my managers to be taking advantage of that.” Article Continued Below Aston and firms including XTX Markets, Citadel Securities and Virtu Financial are stepping into a gap left by traditional dealers. Stricter regulation enacted since the 2008 financial crisis has prompted some banks to withdraw from the market and cut staff. That’s created a vacuum which makes it more difficult for customers to trade when they want to, at the prices they want to. Newcomers have also disrupted other assets. Citadel Securities, Virtu, Global Trading Systems and IMC Financial Markets have shaken up how stocks are bought and sold in the U.S., overseeing almost all trading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange now. And in bonds, JPMorgan Chase & Co. last year agreed to outsource some of its Treasuries business to Virtu. The new era of turbulence began in 2015 when the Swiss National Bank jolted foreign-exchange markets by abandoning its cap on the franc, triggering a rally of about 41 per cent in 20 minutes. Most recently, the euro surged 1.6 per cent over several minutes during Asian trading in December. Before that, in October, the pound slumped about 9 per cent in a matter of seconds, prompting a review by the world’s biggest central banks. The South African rand and New Zealand dollar also took similar roller-coaster rides. Lieberman said Aston traded $500 million in 90 seconds during the pound’s plunge. Traders can get wiped out if they take the wrong side of a price move. Lieberman’s challenge, when he started the firm with his own money after leaving JPMorgan Chase, was to put together a team willing to risk their shirts. Frustrated by competition for engineers and mathematicians in New York, Lieberman said he found a tech whiz through his East Side synagogue. With the help of Roi Klein, an ex-army major from the elite 8200 intelligence unit of the Israel Defense Forces, he recruited a team in Tel Aviv. Some of Lieberman’s employees had military or tech experience, but scant knowledge of financial markets. So he said he got a white board and started drawing. One of his first examples was a grid of numbers, or an order book, listing bids and offers that traders use as a sort of shopping list. From there, the company created software to make money when big shocks hit the market. During a flash crash, “what we like to understand is when it hits the wall, which is the hardest to find, but the most opportune to trade into,” Lieberman said in his three-man office with a view of the Statue of Liberty. “At a certain point, it simply stops and prices start to go back to fair value.” While many of the ex-army quants who helped build Aston have since moved on, the systems they built are still working. The firm handles an average of $1 billion to $2 billion dollars a day — they’re not just a flash-crash shop, of course — and it returned more than 22 per cent last year through November, according to a company performance report. Foreign-exchange trading volumes are shrinking, and prices are swinging more wildly, according to a December report by the Bank for International Settlements. Unexpected events such as the pound’s flash crash will probably happen again and it’s hard to predict where and when, said Chris Salmon, executive director for markets at the Bank of England. For many in the market, flash events are a time to play it safe. Dori Levanoni, a partner at First Quadrant, a Pasadena-based hedge fund that manages about $12.6 billion in currency strategies, said that portfolio managers and traders can hit the pause button and wait for better market conditions before placing orders. This is Lieberman’s cue to spring into action. “We try to put together a collage, a story of what happened,” he said, “so we can understand it.” Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 16°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Subway relief the entire city can get behind: Micallef Toronto’s 100-year-long dream of the Downtown Relief Line is finally gaining momentum. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edge Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edge Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spirit of America Management Corp NY Holds Position in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) TransCanada Co. (TRP) Stake Maintained by Spirit of America Management Corp NY Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Fastenal Company Boosted by Analyst (FAST) Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC Has $313,000 Stake in Raytheon Company (RTN) Regentatlantic Capital LLC Cuts Position in Edison International (EIX) Regentatlantic Capital LLC Boosts Stake in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Regentatlantic Capital LLC Buys Shares of 135,000 Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Analysts Expect J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) to Announce $0.87 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Expect Fiserv Inc (FISV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.39 Billion Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $68.78 Billion Zacks: Analysts Anticipate The Valspar Corp (VAL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.07 Billion Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Short Interest Update Meta Financial Group (CASH) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.44 Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Invests $126,000 in Trevena Inc (TRVN) Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 350 Shares of Synchrony Financial (SYF) Core Laboratories (CLB) Stake Held by Gradient Investments LLC Gradient Investments LLC Has $168,000 Position in York Water Co (YORW) Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 9,180 Shares of Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Lowers Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) BAE Systems plc (BA) to Issue Dividend of GBX 12.70 on June 1st Regentatlantic Capital LLC Buys Shares of 135,000 Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Regentatlantic Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Edge Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:EDGE) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 135,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,230,000. Regentatlantic Capital LLC owned about 0.47% of Edge Therapeutics at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in EDGE. Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its position in Edge Therapeutics by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 2,523,423 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,543,000 after buying an additional 28,827 shares during the last quarter. New Leaf Venture Partners L.L.C. purchased a new position in Edge Therapeutics during the fourth quarter worth approximately $29,311,000. Acuta Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in Edge Therapeutics by 48.0% in the fourth quarter. Acuta Capital Partners LLC now owns 1,040,265 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,003,000 after buying an additional 337,265 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Edge Therapeutics by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,301 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,505,000 after buying an additional 10,859 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Edge Therapeutics by 7.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 125,375 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,305,000 after buying an additional 8,450 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 49.25% of the company’s stock. Edge Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:EDGE) traded down 0.23% on Friday, reaching $8.82. The company had a trading volume of 36,772 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $8.84 and its 200-day moving average is $10.52. The company’s market capitalization is $255.86 million. Edge Therapeutics Inc has a 52 week low of $7.30 and a 52 week high of $13.50. Edge Therapeutics (NASDAQ:EDGE) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported ($0.33) EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.42) by $0.09. Equities research analysts forecast that Edge Therapeutics Inc will post ($1.72) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Regentatlantic Capital LLC Buys Shares of 135,000 Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/regentatlantic-capital-llc-buys-shares-of-135000-edge-therapeutics-inc-edge.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on EDGE shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Edge Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Guggenheim reaffirmed an “in-line” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on shares of Edge Therapeutics in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Leerink Swann reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Edge Therapeutics in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. In other news, insider Brian A. Leuthner sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.61, for a total transaction of $28,830.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 248,479 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,387,883.19. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 7,500 shares of company stock worth $71,610. Insiders own 44.29% of the company’s stock. Edge Therapeutics Company Profile Edge Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that discovers, develops and seeks to commercialize, hospital-based therapies capable of transforming treatment paradigms in the management of life-threatening neurological and other conditions. Edge is evaluating EG-1962, its lead product candidate, in the Phase 3 NEWTON 2 study in adult patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (aSAH). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EDGE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edge Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:EDGE). Receive News & Ratings for Edge Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edge Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MTS Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Short Interest Up 49.5% in March Boenning Scattergood Comments on DiamondRock Hospitality Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DRH) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Short Interest Up 95.1% in March Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research William Blair Weighs in on LPL Financial Holdings Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (LPLA) Metlife Target of Unusually High Options Trading (MET) iShares MSCI EAFE Index Fund Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (EFA) WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Short Interest Update Westamerica Bancorporation (WABC) Short Interest Down 1.0% in March Gladstone Investment Co. (GAIN) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Dividend Announcement Investors Sell ServiceNow Inc (NOW) on Strength Following Insider Selling Check Cap Ltd (CHEK) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share $0.09 EPS Expected for Del Taco Restaurants Inc (TACO) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Farmland Partners Inc (FPI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.34 Million Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Marcus Corp (MCS) Share Price Analysts Expect CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) to Announce $0.54 Earnings Per Share $0.08 EPS Expected for Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) This Quarter Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Walt Disney (DIS) Stock Price MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of MTS Systems Co. (NASDAQ:MTSC) from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research note published on Saturday. According to Zacks, “MTS Systems Corporation is a leading global supplier of test systems and industrial position sensors. The Company’s testing hardware and software solutions help customers accelerate and improve their design, development, and manufacturing processes and are used for determining the mechanical behavior of materials, products, and structures. MTS’ high-performance position sensors provide controls for a variety of industrial and vehicular applications. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of MTS Systems from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $61.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Friday, February 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. MTS Systems has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $58.75. Shares of MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) opened at 46.25 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $771.17 million, a P/E ratio of 22.46 and a beta of 1.54. MTS Systems has a 12-month low of $41.53 and a 12-month high of $59.57. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $53.52 and its 200 day moving average price is $53.02. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) last released its earnings results on Monday, April 10th. The company reported $0.55 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.82 by $0.27. MTS Systems had a net margin of 5.37% and a return on equity of 12.45%. The company had revenue of $199.28 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $206.72 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.61 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 41.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that MTS Systems will post $2.42 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/mts-systems-co-mtsc-cut-to-strong-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 20th were given a dividend of $0.30 per share. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.59%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 16th. MTS Systems’s dividend payout ratio is currently 58.54%. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MTSC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in MTS Systems by 786.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 259,347 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,937,000 after buying an additional 230,094 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new position in MTS Systems during the fourth quarter worth $11,982,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in MTS Systems by 12.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,143,168 shares of the company’s stock worth $52,620,000 after buying an additional 129,127 shares in the last quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC bought a new position in MTS Systems during the fourth quarter worth $6,659,000. Finally, United Services Automobile Association bought a new position in MTS Systems during the third quarter worth $4,589,000. 99.96% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About MTS Systems MTS Systems Corporation is a supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company operates through two segments: Test and Sensors. The Test segment provides testing solutions, including hardware, software and services to ground vehicles, materials and structures markets. The Sensors segment provides position sensors for a range of industrial and mobile hydraulic applications. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MTS Systems (MTSC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Receives $12.86 Average PT from Analysts Analysts Set United Technologies Co. (UTX) Target Price at $116.15 Brokerages Set City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Target Price at $14.63 Analysts Set Centene Corp (CNC) Target Price at $77.40 Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13 Embraer SA (ERJ) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 NVR (NVR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Photronics (PLAB) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.09 Rent-A-Center (RCII) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) to Announce $1.30 Earnings Per Share Northbridge Industrial Services Plc (NBI) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Patterson-UTI Energy (PTEN) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) Stock Price LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.29 Per Share LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Receives $66.10 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) PT at $63.74 Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (NYSE:TOO) have received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the six brokerages that are presently covering the stock. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have given a hold recommendation and one has given a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $4.13. A number of equities analysts have commented on TOO shares. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $8.00 price target on shares of Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC boosted its position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. by 15.8% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 13,278,697 shares of the company’s stock valued at $67,190,000 after buying an additional 1,808,014 shares during the period. Rovida Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. during the third quarter valued at about $9,465,000. Luminus Management LLC acquired a new position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at about $6,813,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. by 8,768,120.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,315,233 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,312,000 after buying an additional 1,315,218 shares during the period. Finally, Advisory Research Inc. boosted its position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. by 4.1% in the fourth quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 18,539,198 shares of the company’s stock valued at $93,809,000 after buying an additional 727,931 shares during the period. 54.20% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (NYSE:TOO) traded up 0.37% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $5.47. The company had a trading volume of 439,154 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $5.10 and a 200-day moving average of $5.56. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. has a 12-month low of $4.06 and a 12-month high of $7.25. The stock’s market capitalization is $806.90 million. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (NYSE:TOO) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $274.92 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $275.56 million. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. had a positive return on equity of 18.41% and a negative net margin of 0.88%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 18.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.62 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. will post $1.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be paid a $0.11 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $0.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 8.04%. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -141.93%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/analysts-set-teekay-offshore-partners-l-p-too-pt-at-4-13.html. About Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. is a provider of marine transportation, oil production, storage, long-distance towing and offshore installation and maintenance and safety services to the offshore oil industry in North Sea, Brazil and the East Coast of Canada. The Company operates shuttle tankers; towage vessels; floating, production, storage and off-loading (FPSO) units; floating storage and off-take (FSO) units; units for maintenance and safety (UMS); long-distance towing and offshore installation vessels, and conventional crude oil tankers. Receive News & Ratings for Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 15 April 2017 JPMorgan attempts to regain mortgage footing by david henry Bank hopes to bring back customers, influence via advertising NEW YORK: After having to stomach US$31bil worth of bitter mortgage settlements with government agencies a few years ago, JPMorgan Chase & Co swore off a huge swath of the home loan market. Gone were borrowers with anything much less than pristine credit ratings. The cost of managing delinquent accounts and the threat of huge legal penalties were written off as not worth the risk. Better instead to focus on wealthier customers who wanted jumbo-sized loans that are beyond the reach of government housing finance agencies. But there was a problem: Chase was leaving behind many of its mass market customers who were going to competitors for the conventional and government-guaranteed loans they wanted. Now, the bank’s management team, led by chief executive Jamie Dimon (pic), is working fiercely to change course hoping to not only bring back customers, but influence what could be a reshaping of US mortgage finance policy for the first time in a generation. Customers will soon start seeing signs of this effort. Next month, Chase plans to launch advertising featuring Drew and Jonathan Scott, stars of the popular reality “Property Brothers” shows. In addition to TV spots, the campaign will feature cardboard cutouts of the telegenic twins in Chase branches. Chase is also in the process of boosting its mortgage lending force by 10%, upgrading its loan-making software and jazzing up its smartphone app with more mortgage account tools. At the moment, fewer than one in 10 Chase customers with home loans got them directly from Chase, a situation consumer banking chief Gordon Smith recently described as “terrible.” “It is time to go after the opportunity we have with our own customers,” Mike Weinbach, the bank’s mortgage chief, said in a recent interview with Reuters. JPMorgan Chase is not the only major bank that is restless after having stepped back from the US mortgage market in the aftermath of the housing crisis last decade. At Bank of America Corp, executives say they are no more content with fewer than two in 10 of their customers with mortgage loans having borrowed from their bank. Mortgage companies such as Quicken, Caliber and loanDepot.com scooped up much of the business from battered banks. JPMorgan’s US$31bil cost of 13 mortgage-related legal settlements was second only to Bank of America’s US$71bil, according to data collected by bank analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Still, JPMorgan’s mortgage retreat stands out because the bank has used its scale and financial strength to gobble up market share in many other businesses, from credit cards and deposit-taking to commercial lending and Wall Street banking. In backing away, JPMorgan saw its market share of conventional mortgages that are small enough to be resold to government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fall by half, according to data from Inside Mortgage Finance. Its share of all mortgage loans made directly by lenders fell to 2.8% last year from 12.6% in 2011. Logically, it should be close to Chase’s 8.3% of share of retail deposits, said Guy Cecala, CEO of Inside Mortgage Finance. Chase opted to go after better-off borrowers who took out so-called jumbo loans in excess of the Fannie and Freddie limit, which then was US$417,000 in most parts of the United States. Last year, jumbos were 49% of all loans Chase made, up from 14% in 2013. But jumbos account for only 18% of US mortgages. By turning from bigger parts of the market, JPMorgan was hurting its wider consumer franchise. That could be costly if it persists. Customers without Chase mortgages are twice as likely to leave as those who have them from the bank, Weinbach said. And, checking and savings account customers who get their home loans from Chase tend to add to their deposits. Management’s effort to swing back may already be bearing some fruit. JPMorgan said on Thursday that it made US$9bil of home loans directly to customers in the first quarter, 3% more than in the same period a year earlier. Chase’s shift comes amid crosscurrents in the mortgage market. The latest wave of loans for refinancing is abating as interest rates rise. That has reduced revenue across the industry. But bank executives also see other conditions improving. Federal housing agencies have been loosening policies to help middle America get access to more credit. The millennial generation has also begun reaching the nesting age, leading to a new crop of home buyers. The GSEs have already adjusted some rules to be less financially threatening to lenders. For instance, they dropped a demand that banks take back loans that default after three years unless there has been fraud. Dimon sees a chance to get more relief from the government. This month he used four pages of his annual letter to shareholders to outline more changes he wants to see. He expressed particular concern about a bank’s costs and liability when loans it underwrites default. Current rules have made lenders so cautious that they have not funded an additional US$300bil to US$500bil of loans for home purchases in each of the last five years, JPMorgan analysts estimate. The cost to the economy, they believe, has been one third of a percentage point of annual growth. “If that number is right, shame on us,” Dimon told reporters on the bank’s post-earnings conference call on Thursday. “We should have done something about that. And, it can be done very quickly.” – Reuters Tags / Keywords: JP Morgan , banking property Related Stories Related Stories JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian stocks to ‘neutral’ after row Why Barclays CEO Staley opted for war when Dimon chose surrender JPMorgan succession poser JPMorgan in talks to exit China joint venture JP Morgan Asset warns on US inflation You May Be Interested Pos Laju eyes 20% revenue growth annually What lies ahead for Ezra in bid to stay afloat? What’s going on in MUI? Soros sued by fellow billionaire in $10b mine brawl Pedalling to save the planet Siew yoke loves briyani Others Also Read Barrett performance lauded by pundits, sends warning to Lions Mexico arrests fugitive ex-governor with the help of Guatemala - PGR Etihad Airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson Property Related advertisement Latest News Extraordinary man from Middle Kingdom What lies ahead for Ezra in bid to stay afloat? Soros sued by fellow billionaire in $10b mine brawl China's Q1 growth stabilised at 6.8%: AFP poll Uber's revenue hits US$6.5bil in 2016, still has large loss Most Viewed in Business What’s going on in MUI? Is the minimalist lifestyle for you? Soros sued by fellow billionaire in $10b mine brawl Wanted: More high-quality investments Maybank to list Etiqa? SP Setia’s mega acquisition What lies ahead for Ezra in bid to stay afloat? More bond selldown? Nintendo seen releasing mini-size Switch in 2019 Uber's revenue hits US$6.5bil in 2016, still has large loss advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 4/15/17 - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith California and Trump’s Feds Headed to Major Clash on Immigration - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith Why You Can’t Have a Shorter Workweek - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/14/17 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Corruption at CalPERS: General Counsel Matt Jacobs as Exemplar of Culture of Casual Lying - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model Posted on April 14, 2017 by Yves Smith In today’s lead story at the Financial Times, Big US banks defy calls that they should be broken up, American megabanks make clear that they don’t think much of the financial savvy of investors or the business press. In quarterly earning calls, bank analysts were pressing executives on the news reports that former Goldman exec, now director of the National Economic Council Gary Cohn told senators last week told a group of senators that he was in favor of Glass-Steagall break-up-the-banks style legislation. Our comments: Wake me up when this gets serious. Cohn made it clear that he supported a breakup bill. While Trump has also said he wanted to revive Glass-Steagall, he didn’t say that very often on the campaign trail and there are many things he did say often and pretty consistently, like questioning why the US is carrying so much of the cost of NATO, he’s either reversed himself or is now backing a weak-tea version that his base regards as a sellout, such as Trump’s promises about NAFTA. Plus any Glass-Steagall type bill gets passed only over rabid anti-regulation House Financial Services committee chairman Jeb Hensarling’s dead body. Don’t buy Jamie Dimon’s Brooklyn Bridge. Big complicated banks are not good for investors, no matter how much banks put their hands on their hearts and try to convince you otherwise. Here was the argument, per the pink paper: The biggest banks in America are defying calls to break themselves up, arguing that the benefits of size and diversity were on display during a very mixed set of first-quarter results. At JPMorgan Chase, finance chief Marianne Lake said on Thursday that the bank’s universal model was a “source of strength” for the broader economy, as she unveiled a 20 per cent drop in quarterly profits from consumer banking. In the investment-banking part of the business, however, profits were up 64 per cent from a bleak period a year ago, boosted by a surge in bond trading and plenty of sales of debt and equity by big companies. Anyone with proper finance training can tell you this is nonsense. Investors should be making portfolio diversification choices, not corporate execs asserting “synergy” on their behalf. Investors love earnings streams that are not much or better yet negatively correlated with the stock market; that’s one of the reasons they were willing to pay hedgies their inflated management and carry fees. Hedge funds promised returns that didn’t synch with stock market averages. When that proved to be less and less true and the results weren’t so hot generally, investors started beating a major retreat from the strategy. If banks have all sorts of interesting return profiles hidden away in their various business lines, it would be much better in terms of the overall returns for investors owning those stocks to break them up.1 However, big complicated banks are good for securities analysts, since the complexity gives them more to do and thus creates the appearance that they are adding value to investors. So don’t expect any critical scrutiny of this bank PR from them. The idea that bigger banks are better is a flat-out canard that we’ve debunked regularly since the inception of this site. Suffice it to say that every study ever done of US banks shows that they have a slightly negative cost curve once a certain asset size threshold is passed. Translation: bigger banks are actually have higher expenses per dollar of bank assets than smaller banks. Now you might say, “But what about those bank mergers where they fire lots of people! Doesn’t that prove bank consolidation saves costs?” No. The cost curve issue means the banks that were combined could have gotten those expenses lowered all on their own, and maybe some more. However, mergers provide an excuse to do what managements normally are too nice or too lazy to do, which is get ruthless about headcount. Finally, the one real synergy is one that is dangerous to the public: the use of bank deposits to fund derivatives. Yes, Virginia, a whole lot of derivatives are booked in bank depositaries. For instance, to a bit of outcry, in 2011, Bank of America moved derivatives from Merrill Lynch into Bank of America NA. And why was that? The banking subsidiary had a better credit rating, meaning lower costs, because that’s where the deposits sat. As we wrote at the time: Even though I’ve expressed my doubts as to whether Dodd Frank resolutions will work, dumping derivatives into depositaries pretty much guarantees a Dodd Frank resolution will fail. Remember the effect of the 2005 bankruptcy law revisions: derivatives counterparties are first in line, they get to grab assets first and leave everyone else to scramble for crumbs. So this move amounts to a direct transfer from derivatives counterparties of Merrill to the taxpayer, via the FDIC, which would have to make depositors whole after derivatives counterparties grabbed collateral. It’s well nigh impossible to have an orderly wind down in this scenario. You have a derivatives counterparty land grab and an abrupt insolvency. Lehman failed over a weekend after JP Morgan grabbed collateral. But it’s even worse than that. During the savings & loan crisis, the FDIC did not have enough in deposit insurance receipts to pay for the Resolution Trust Corporation wind-down vehicle. It had to get more funding from Congress. This move paves the way for another TARP-style shakedown of taxpayers, this time to save depositors. No Congressman would dare vote against that. And in case you think I’m exaggerating, the FDIC objected to the move, but the Fed took the position that it would “give relief” to the bank holding company. Bank of America took the position it has the authority to make this move, and since JP Morgan then had 99% of the notional value of its $79 trillion of derivatives booked in its depositary, JPMorgan Chase Bank NA, there was ample precedent. 2 And as we’ve also written regularly, over the counter derivatives are the biggest source of interconnected among too-big-too-fail banks. So getting derivatives out of depositaries would shrink the derivatives market by making them more costly and reduce systemic risk. Keep your eye on the ball of the real reason for bankers wanting ginormous banks: executive pay. Bank CEO and C-suite pay is a function of bank size and complexity. Simpler, smaller banks mean much less egregiously paid top brass. Thus bear in mind the incentives for banks to bulk up: The bank that buys another bank gets to pay everyone at the top more, and the execs of the gobbled-up bank get huge consolation prizes. And all sorts of other people are feeding at the trough too: merger & acquisition professionals, lawyers, accountants, and all sorts of consultants and integration specialists. Our reader Clive will probably tell you the folks that have it the worst who still stay on the payroll are the people in IT. Fortunately, even without all understanding the sordid details, the great unwashed public understands that overly large banks are hard to unwind and will therefore always be propped up, and separately exercise too much political power. But whether popular support will ever become important to Trump is very much in doubt. ____ 1 Absent, of course, breakup costs, but don’t expect banks to give you an honest idea about that if the threat starts looking more serious. 2 Yes, most of these are plain vanilla swaps. But still, no subsidy of this sort is warranted. Taxpayers should not be backstopping capital markets activities. 003021 This entry was posted in Banking industry, Credit markets, Derivatives, Politics, Regulations and regulators, Ridiculously obvious scams on April 14, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals Links 4/14/17 → Subscribe to Post Comments 18 comments Adam1 April 14, 2017 at 6:42 am While I would be one of the first to question the sincerity of this effort, I also have to remind myself of the original history of Glass-Steagall’s creation. As I recall many in banking at the time supported it. Not because they wanted the regulation, but because they wanted to knee-cap the House of Morgan. Who’s in Goldman’s cross-hairs? Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 14, 2017 at 7:40 am Yes, I didn’t mention that because I didn’t want to divert attention from the silly excuses, but maybe I should have. But basically all the big banks with deposits that are competitors in derivatives and investment banking businesses, so JP Morgan, Bank of America, and Citi. Even though Wells is the #4 bank in the US, it is pretty much a traditional wholesale/retail bank. Reply ↓ John k April 15, 2017 at 2:11 am So let’s root for Goldman, who clearly has trumps ear… and one case where Goldman is aligned with trumps base. Among others… wonder where MSM aligns when the big boys duke it out… Reply ↓ jerry April 14, 2017 at 10:19 am What a dunce I am. I was shocked Gary Cohn would even consider reimposing Glass Steagall, and for a moment there – silly me! – I thought it possible that a government sachs person would support something in the best interest of the country for that reason alone. Thanks for bringing me back to reality.. Reply ↓ Clearpoint April 15, 2017 at 11:01 am And to think the US government had a chance to put all the big banks out of business in 2008. I guess the best our dysfunctional political system can muster is to set one powerful faction against the other. A small downward blip in an otherwise upward march toward the consolidation of economic power. Sad thing is it’s only an illusion keeping them in power. The reality is that they are so weak that you can almost smell the stench of their rotting carcasses. Break through that illusion and they’ll be scurrying like a bunch of rats. Reply ↓ Sound of the Suburbs April 14, 2017 at 9:14 am Bankers are smart people, but let’s use the flaws in their own arguments. “This company is too large for me to go know what is going on in every department, it was not my fault.” the banking CEO. They expect bonuses from the profits generated everywhere within the bank. We’ve got them banged to rights. You can have whatever size of bank you feel comfortable taking full responsibility for, you will be held to account for all wrong doing within your organisation. With reward comes responsibility. Sorted. Reply ↓ Olga April 14, 2017 at 11:18 am This may have been posted already on NC: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-10/kashkari-slams-dimon-in-the-battle-over-bank-capital Interesting Reply ↓ DH April 14, 2017 at 11:46 am Meanwhile, in Italy there is a bank that literally takes cheese as collateral for loans to its local farmers and cheesemakers. That is real community banking for small business. The major US banks would view this as an opportunity to bundle collateralized cheese obligations with multiple derivatives for trading on bets on cheese and dairy prices, probably collapsing the entire cheese industry within five years. http://www.greatbigstory.com/stories/banking-on-cheese/?iid=ob_homepage_deskrecommended_pool Reply ↓ Scott April 14, 2017 at 7:31 pm Heh. Collateralized cheese obligations. Reply ↓ Parker Dooley April 15, 2017 at 2:09 am This is “trading” cheese, not “eating” cheese. Reply ↓ JimTan April 14, 2017 at 12:23 pm I think the universal mega-bank model works just fine. They can be completely trusted to firewall investment bank risk taking from consumers bank deposits. Any risks they do take are managed through highly profitable proprietary derivatives trades collateralized by FDIC insured bank deposits consistently profitable hedging transactions. No need for Glass-Steagall. Reply ↓ Clearpoint April 15, 2017 at 11:10 am Massive profits and no risk. Abracadabra poof… Reply ↓ susan the other April 14, 2017 at 12:42 pm Also back c. 2012 there was international stuff about ensuring that TBTFs were registered in a large-enough tax base (country) to cover a meltdown. Is it illegal now to register a big bank in a little country because that alone precludes derivatives counterpartys from getting their money? this rule and the one allowing derivatives in depositaries followed each other in sync so as to insure derivatives players without a hitch. Malice aforethought. I fail to understand what is so important about derivatives that the industry remains basically unregulated. Maybe we should designate them all to be insurance contracts and turn the insurance industry into a utility. Because we need to to that anyway with “health insurers”. Reply ↓ Stein April 14, 2017 at 1:29 pm Don’t know whether Dodd-Frank provides for this, but under the European BRRD, the resolution mechanism blocks – also – derivative close out netting for a limited period of time. Also, exec. pay becomes more & more regulated. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 14, 2017 at 11:09 pm Problem is that derivative agreements are either US law or English law. and the close out agreements are in them. It isn’t clear that the BBRD can supercede the agreements. So I think everyone who has a position in their favor (has collateral) grabs that and says, “See you in court”. Reply ↓ Jim April 14, 2017 at 5:21 pm Is it true or false that if we had not stepped in with $757.17 B. In taxpayer debt these guys would have blown up (would have had to sell their collateral to another bank) and we wouldn’t be still talking about them? Reply ↓ Marco Saba (@marcosabait) April 14, 2017 at 6:45 pm No need for banks anymore. Here in Italy we discovered some important things:  1 – There is no law forbidding anyone to create virtual fiat currency (Court of Bolzano, September, 6, 2016);  2 – There is no law governing fiat currency creation – only issuance against existing funds is regulated;  3 – Any debtor creating scriptural money denominated in Euro can pay his debts with this money instead of using legal money and the creditor cannot refuse such payments (Court of Cremona, 2017; Supreme Court of Italy, 2007).  So we started a Facebook page “Moneta Nostra” to teach everyone in the Euro-zone for how to pay his debts through electronic Euro created by him and sent through an email to the creditor (a bank, a financial institution, and the public administration). Here:  https://www.facebook.com/MonetaNostra/  By sending a message to the page, anyone can receive for free the form for the email. The initiative can be duplicated in any monetary area where scriptural money creation is not regulated by law (U.S. and UK, as an example). Reply ↓ Tyronius April 15, 2017 at 6:48 pm Ladies and gentlemen, both staff and commenters, I wish to thank you all for continuing my education in economics through the lens of current events. I also wish to thank you for the ongoing loss of a lot more sleep as a result of learning about the perilous nature of the global banking system. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Dead Dog on Links 4/15/17Perhaps the utopia Musk et al seek is... Yves Smith on Links 4/15/17I agree 100% that the insurers benefitted from... Yves Smith on Links 4/15/17To be more blunt, it's factually wrong in... Oregoncharles on Links 4/15/17I thought Carter was a really terrible President.... different clue on Links 4/15/17Well . . . that certainly is a... Topics Africa (18) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,019) Banking industry (4,651) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (567) Commodities (456) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,626) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,472) Dubious statistics (578) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,772) Energy markets (507) Environment (457) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,417) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (326) Globalization (1,098) Guest Post (6,503) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (964) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (499) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,889) Links (3,053) Macroeconomic policy (974) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (865) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,035) Private equity (512) Privatization (67) Real estate (1,524) Regulations and regulators (3,587) Ridiculously obvious scams (444) Risk and risk management (718) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,020) Social values (1,791) Species loss (52) Student loans (52) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (455) The destruction of the middle class (1,350) The dismal science (1,461) TPP (83) UK (115) Water Cooler (655) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Mardan lynching uzair baloch Kulbhushan Jadhav Jufelhurst School Print Story X Print Story Home / business / Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag | By  AAFP | April 13, 2017 Business 0 0 The dollar regained its footing on Thursday after tanking overnight as US President Donald Trump tried to talk the strong greenback down. Stock markets meanwhile churned lower with cautious investors unwinding positions in subdued trade before the long Easter holiday weekend. European equity markets traded near lows after Wall Street came off to a weaker start in a mixed reaction to first-quarter results from heavyweight financials JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo. The European single currency fell back against the dollar, having briefly strengthened after Trump, having overnight tweeted his belief that "economic confidence is soaring", told The Wall Street Journal he was worried about the greenback's strength. "I think our dollar is getting too strong, and partially that's my fault because people have confidence in me. But that's hurting -- that will hurt ultimately," Trump, who has talked the dollar down several times since his election, told the paper. The US unit also posted slight gains against the safe-haven Japanese yen after slumping overnight to a low last seen in November. 'Overdone' "Trump's comments about a stronger dollar continued to drive trading this Thursday, the reaction being slightly overdone thanks to subdued volumes ahead of the Easter break," Spreadex analyst Connor Campbell told AFP. European markets London, Frankfurt and Paris will not reopen until Tuesday, while Wall Street will not trade on Friday. Asian markets were mixed Thursday after Trump also softened his stance on Beijing, easing concerns of a possible trade war, dealers said. Trump also reversed course on an earlier vow to label Beijing a currency manipulator and slap punitive tariffs on Chinese imports. Geopolitical tensions meanwhile continued to weigh on investor sentiment, as ties between the US and Russia turn increasingly frosty over Moscow's backing for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. But Trump's praise for Chinese President Xi Jinping Wednesday raised hopes of easing friction between the two superpowers over dealing with North Korea's nuclear programme. And a surge in Chinese exports in March, the largest jump in two years, bolstered hopes that the world's number two economy is getting back on track after a recent slowdown -- it grew last year at its slowest pace in a quarter of a century. Oil recovers Oil prices recovered after the International Energy Agency said that the world market is "very close to balance" as landmark OPEC-led production cuts are mitigated by rising US supply and slipping worldwide demand growth. But in its monthly report the IEA also said that oil stockpiles probably rose in the first quarter of the year, rattling investors who worry about ongoing oil glut despite OPEC's efforts. Gold continued to sparkle as investors shifted money into safe assets, rising 0.7 percent on the day and taking its rise over the past three months to nearly 7.5 percent. Key figures at 1600 GMT New York - Dow: UP 0.1 percent at 20,599.61 points London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.3 percent at 7,327.59 (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.4 percent at 12,109.00 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.6 percent at 5,071.10 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.6 percent at 3,448.26 Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.7 percent at 18,426.84 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 0.2 percent at 24,261.66 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP less than 0.1 percent at 3,275.96 (close) Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.0630 from $1.0671 at 2100 GMT Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.2519 from $1.2544 Dollar/yen: UP at 109.23 yen from 109.07 Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 7 cents at $53.04 per barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 20 cents at $55.86 0 0 Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag was posted in business of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on April 13, 2017 and was last updated on April 13, 2017. This news story is related to Geo News, Geo News Latest, Stock Market, Dollar, Trump, Business, World Market. Permanent link to the news story "Dollar regains footing as stock markets sag" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/138000-Dollar-regains-footing-as-stock-markets-sag. More From Business: April 15, 2017 SBP issues restrictions on foreign travel for Pakistani banks' officials April 15, 2017 US inflation, retail sales dip in March April 14, 2017 SBP, Iran’s central bank ink agreement to strengthen banking ties April 14, 2017 Asian shares, won move south on worries over North Korea April 14, 2017 Toshiba denies report of suspension of chip unit sale process April 13, 2017 Dollar tanks after Trump remarks it is “too strong” April 13, 2017 Oil little changed amid rising US output, OPEC production cuts April 13, 2017 OPEC says oil deal bearing fruit, but US pumping more Latest News 1 hour ago Trump supporters, opponents clash in California park 2 hours ago Christian community celebrates Easter across country today 2 hours ago North Korea missile test fails after showcase parade 2 hours ago Bottas ends Hamilton's pole run in Bahrain 2 hours ago Explosives used in Dortmund attack may have come from German military: newspaper 4 hours ago Man killed, 11 suspects held in Karachi GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
TRENDING: The Hidden Milk Intolerance You May Be Suffering From Are Montreal Condominiums the Best Living Option? IPOs in 2015 Not So Hot Home Business Breaking Business News Technology Leadership Finance Small Business Entertainment Breaking Entertainment News National Breaking National News Health Environment Education Legal Non Profits World Breaking World News Horoscopes Select Page Home » Business » Technology » Odgers Berndtson Notes Growing Importance of Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Odgers Berndtson Notes Growing Importance of Cybersecurity Executive Leadership Posted by Boris Dzhingarov | Technology | It’s the last thing anyone wants to hear: “Your account has been hacked.” But with almost 2 billion people around the world connected through their use of digital media devices and networks, cyberspace continues to provide rich footholds for enterprising hackers to gain access to both corporate and personal confidential information for their own gains. And, we can only conclude from the increasingly frequent corporate data breaches – including such organizations as Home Depot, McDonald’s, Neiman Marcus, Target, Yahoo, and more – that no one is safe from the threats and the significant costs that result from cyberattacks. With an estimated price tag of about $3.8 million for each security breach, companies are beginning to recognize the need to protect their corporate and consumer data holdings, whether through the introduction of better IT infrastructure or instituting safeguards that protect their investments after a breach has taken place. And, while worldwide spending on information security is expected to grow to $170 billion by 2020 (from $75 billion in 2015), cybersecurity continues to be a major issue for businesses around the globe. According to several studies, only about half of businesses assessed in the U.S., the U.K., and Germany are prepared to deal with cyberattacks. (Of special note: larger U.S. firms were the most targeted among those companies surveyed, with 72% admitting to being attacked over the course of 2016.) Even cyber attackers with only basic skills can cause major disruptions that undermine the privacy and security of corporations and individuals around the world. The reality is that technological solutions are only as good as the processes and people that put them into place and keep them running. Indeed, it’s important to acknowledge the risk of human error in a corporation’s cyber vulnerability. JPMorgan Chase’s security breach in 2014 is one notable example, when hackers penetrated their system by exploiting a server whose security settings hadn’t been updated to dual-factor authentication, and in the process, compromising 76 million household and 7 million small business accounts. Anthony Batchelor, a partner with global executive search firm, Odgers Berndtson, and leader of the firm’s Canadian Technology Practice, agrees and cautions that technology can, in fact, create a false sense of security. “Some companies rely on firewalls and good IT people. But others are saying that’s not enough. A breach is a material event; it almost brought down Sony. You don’t have to look very far to find a person or a company that has been personally compromised.” Batchelor sees technology as one important part of a multi-level approach to cybersecurity vigilance that includes a cultural shift that’s driven from the board-level down through an organization’s ranks. Organizations and companies from the top down need to take ownership of the cybersecurity issue. It simply can’t be left to “the IT folks” to deal with anymore. It’s a business, not an IT issue. “I can’t say enough about good governance and leadership. It will only take one breach at a company for senior leadership to wake up and say, ‘We need to be better at this.’ Companies need to have more governance at the board level and someone at the C-suite level who will take overall ownership, accountability and responsibility for this ever-increasing business issue.” Protecting proprietary knowledge, client information and system integrity is one of the typical responsibilities of today’s Chief Information Officers (CIO). But as the role of the CIO becomes more complex – picture a mandate that combines the usual accountabilities of a CIO with those of a Chief Technology Officer and a Chief Data Officer, along with requisite expertise in cybersecurity, Big Data/analytics, and more – it opens companies up to increased vulnerability. Recognizing this challenge, more forward-thinking organizations are embracing the role of Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) as the chief defender of their data, platforms and systems. And, given the rate of human error in these corporate breaches, many of these CISOs are seeking out security awareness training for employees with the goal of improving organizational compliance, expanding security knowledge and changing poor security behaviours. Says Mr. Batchelor of Odgers Berndtson: “In five years’ time, the recruitment of CISOs and Board Directors with an information security background could be the fastest growing parts of Odgers Berndtson‘s business, because as companies get more in tune with cybersecurity and their vulnerability to attacks, they’re starting to invest in a both dedicated functional role and increased board governance in their company.” Above all, cyber defenders need to be proactive in their approach to combatting cybersecurity through training and advocacy – putting agile processes in place to keep people in the know as cybersecurity issues evolve over time. Admiral Mike Rogers, who oversees the U.S. Cyber Command, offers the following advice for executives seeking to build “high-reliability organizations” that consistently minimize risk: “[You] have to get beyond focusing on just the tech piece… It’s about ethos. It’s about culture. [It’s about] how you man, train, and equip your organization, how you structure it, the operational concepts that you apply.” By implementing strategic leadership at the top, including introducing a board-level advocate for cybersecurity defense and an executive-level implementer to build processes and safer practices, organizations can successfully mitigate some of the risks of cyberattacks moving forward. Share: Rate: PreviousEager Entrepreneur? Here’s What to Know Before Starting Your Next Business About The Author Boris Dzhingarov Boris Dzhingarov is a business news writer who covers a wide range of issues. ... Follow us on Twitter Follow @axcessnews Search for: Categories Breaking Business News Breaking Entertainment News Breaking National News Breaking World News Environment Finance Health Leadership Legal Marketing Non Profits Small Business Technology Odgers Berndtson Notes Growing Importance of Cybersecurity Executive Leadership What to Do If Your PHP Directories Are Lost 5 Resources For Hobbyist Gamblers From Features to Apps: The Evolution of Mobile Apps Tech See it, Want it, Print it: Digital Printing Continues to Develop Copyright (c) 2003-2017 | AXcessnews.com Home About AXcess News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Ingredion Inc (INGR) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts ArcelorMittal SA (MT,) Receives $6.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Seacoast Banking Co. of Florida (SBCF) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts $0.85 EPS Expected for DXC Technology Company (DXC) This Quarter Brokerages Expect DXC Technology Company (DXC) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.95 Billion Analysts Anticipate Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts New Gold Inc. (NGD) Receives $6.37 Average PT from Brokerages Quest Resource Holding Corp (QRHC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds $46.74 Million in Sales Expected for Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) This Quarter Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $18.03 Million -$0.02 Earnings Per Share Expected for Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) This Quarter NII Holdings (NIHD) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Analysts Set Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) PT at $19.90 Seres Therapeutics Inc (MCRB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Pacific Biosciences of California (PACB) Share Price GATX (GMT) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Haynes International (HAYN) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds ArcelorMittal SA (MT,) Receives $6.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT,) have earned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the six research firms that are presently covering the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $5.40. Several research firms have recently weighed in on MT,. Bank of America Corp raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, March 31st. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/arcelormittal-sa-mt-receives-6-45-consensus-target-price-from-analysts.html. Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT,) traded down 1.87% on Monday, hitting $7.35. The stock had a trading volume of 19,134,498 shares. ArcelorMittal SA has a 1-year low of $4.18 and a 1-year high of $9.37. The firm has a market capitalization of $22.48 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.85. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $8.52 and a 200-day moving average of $7.72. About ArcelorMittal SA ArcelorMittal SA (ArcelorMittal) is a holding company. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates steel manufacturing and mining facilities in Europe, North and South America, Asia and Africa. ArcelorMittal operates through five segments, which include NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS), and Mining. Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Investing 101: Buying And Selling Stocks For The Average Joe Or Jane Javier Hasse , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 15, 2017 4:29pm   Comments Share: Related JPM Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook Earnings Season's Back: Stocks With Big Upside US Market Indexes Lower on Thursday With Additional Geopolitical Risks (GuruFocus) Related AMZN Tread Cautiously Heading Into Market-Darling Amazon's Q1 An Acquisition Of Whole Foods By Amazon Would Give It The Physical Presence It Has Wanted For Years Big Week For Dow Stock Earnings; Netflix Too: Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) Benzinga recently sat down with Mark Elenowitz, CEO of TriPoint Global Equities and its online division BANQ®, to talk about the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act and bringing small-cap IPOs and capital formation back to individual investors. Stock Investing 101 Benzinga: Let’s take my grandma as an example. She’s got a checking account on Chase Bank (JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)). That’s all she has, no escrow account, no broker… Still, she wants to buy a few shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Nike Inc (NYSE: NKE) — brands she knows. Or maybe, get into the IPO of the company that makes the prosthetic that got my grandpa moving his arm again after a decade. How does she do that? Mark Elenowitz: She would come to our site and have a choice. (1) She can open an account with us and have a brokerage account with us; or, if she is choosing to invest in one of our JOBS Act IPO’s (2) she can invest using the funds where she has that money, without having to open an account with us, through an escrow account, and she can have the certificate then mailed to her, or she can hold it at the transfer agent — if she doesn’t have an account. However, in order to sell that security at some point in time, she’s going to have to open a brokerage account [because] this is a public offering. These are tradable shares, so the only way to exit is through the public marketplace. Picking The Right Investment* Elenowitz: It’s key that people really understand what their investment objectives are and what their suitability requirements are. Grandma might have the ability to invest in a pre-IPO company or a high-growth company, and she might have all the money in the world. Nonetheless, she’s on a fixed income, so she really shouldn’t be investing in speculative plays where the risk of the marketplace is high. I’ll give you another example, which applies to private placements. Joe Plumber [another pseudonym for Average Joe or John Doe] had a slip and fall and got a $3 million settlement. He has all the cash that he needs from an accreditation standpoint, but he certainly shouldn’t be investing in high-risk investments. BZ: Why would you say that? Elenowitz: Because it’s our job to protect [the investor]. We have a fiduciary responsibility to make sure investors understand what they’re buying and meets their investment objectives. We’ve talked about the positives of the JOBS Act. The negatives of the JOBS Act is that you have entrepreneurs that aren’t required to use a broker/dealer to raise capital under these new requirements and they might be making exaggerated claims that lead people to think this is the next Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR). So, they put all their life savings into it. This is dangerous situation. BZ: Now, taking into account that research reports are usually hard to understand, and SEC filings — where investment risks are listed- are formatted in a very unfriendly way for retail investors, how do you educate investors on the risks, and potentially the risk/reward profile of a certain company? Elenowitz: When you look at a prospectus it’s black and white, and boring, and it can tell you all the reasons why you’re going to lose your money. And, this is very important. Understanding the risk is something all investors should read, but there is often more to the story. What we’ve done at BANQ is take the other side: We now have a visual experience, where you can see the product, meet management and sometimes tour the facility. You can see a video of the product in use; you can see a color and graphical demonstration of what this company does. It’s important to hit a balance where you don’t get too overexcited about the visual experience versus the risks associated with it. But now it blends it; it’s marrying Main Street with Wall Street. It’s allowing Wall Street to finally catch up with Main Street, because Main Street is used to a visual experience: they surf the web, they look at Facebook, Twitter, all those things. In the past, we weren’t able to do that; now with the JOBS Act we can. Last Considerations BZ: A few clarifications. What’s the threshold for retail investing?  Elenowitz: There’s no minimum, however, a round lot (what counts as a shareholder) for NASDAQ or the NYSE is 100 shares. BZ: So, a person could buy one share of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and one share of Boeing Co (NYSE: BA)? Elenowitz: They could buy one Apple share; actually, on those types of large positions, we offer what’s called fractional shares, so they could buy a half a share. So there is [in essence] no minimum; and there is no maximum as long as a security trades on the NYSE or Nasdaq. If it doesn’t trade on a national securities exchange, then JOBS Act limits the amount that you can only invest to 10 percent of your income or net worth. *Disclaimer: Readers should be cautioned. Just because one has the ability to invest in a certain security doesn’t make that the right investment. Posted-In: Financial Advisors Education Be Your Own Boss Exclusives Tech Personal Finance Trading Ideas Interview Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) Apple Customers May Get Blood Glucose Monitoring, But Not From Apple Watch Tread Cautiously Heading Into Market-Darling Amazon's Q1 An Acquisition Of Whole Foods By Amazon Would Give It The Physical Presence It Has Wanted For Years Tech Sector Earnings: Starting The Year Strong? Keeping You Informed And Entertained At The Pump: Gas Station TV, Verifone Join Forces Report: Apple Wants To Create A Better Way To Treat Diabetes View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 CMRE, NAK: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 13 2 C, WFC: Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook 3 F, TSLA: Tesla And The Auto Market's New 'Big Three' 4 HLF, SEAS: 'Betting On Zero,' Bill Ackman's A... 5 WFC, USG: Earnings Season's Back: Stocks With... 6 UAL, YUM: United Airlines Should Learn From... 7 GD, VXX: Najarian Brothers See Unus... 1 AGM, MON: Will Ag Stocks Flourish Now That California's 5-Year Drought Is Off... 2 RGC, CNK: The 'Fate' Of 2 Theater Stocks Ahead Of A 'Furiou... 3 TM, FB: Instagram Influencer Market Expected To Double By 2019 4 SPY, SPX: 'Mother Of All Bombs' Made By Government... 5 TAX, INTU: 8-Step Guide To Doing Your Taxes 6 TSCO, DIS: Get Ready For Retailer Execs To... 7 SPY, SPX: This Is The State Where... Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Will Ag Stocks Flourish Now That California's 5-Year Drought Is Officially Over?
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Michaels Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Agile Therapeutics Inc (AGRX) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.31 Per Share Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Share Price Banc of California (BANC) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows BlackBerry (BBRY) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Brokerages Set Smart Sand Inc (SND) PT at $16.89 Consolidated Edison (ED) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.43 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Kier Group plc (KIE) Analysts Expect GGP Inc (GGP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Xenia Hotels & Resorts Inc (XHR) Will Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) to Post $1.16 Earnings Per Share Merriman Wealth Management LLC Increases Stake in Public Storage (PSA) 20,000 Shares in SunPower Co. (SPWR) Acquired by Merriman Wealth Management LLC Merriman Wealth Management LLC Has $4,609,000 Stake in HNI Corp (HNI) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Maintains Stake in Core Laboratories (CLB) ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng (ASX) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows American Express Company (AXP) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Aviva Plc (AV) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect that Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) will post earnings of $0.39 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have provided estimates for Michaels Companies’ earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.39 and the highest is $0.40. Michaels Companies posted earnings per share of $0.36 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 8.3%. The company is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Tuesday, June 6th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Michaels Companies will report full-year earnings of $2.12 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.08 to $2.19. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the firm will report earnings of $2.27 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.12 to $2.38. Zacks’ EPS calculations are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that that provide coverage for Michaels Companies. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The company reported $0.96 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $1.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.76 billion. Michaels Companies had a net margin of 7.15% and a negative return on equity of 22.27%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.87 earnings per share. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Michaels Companies from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Piper Jaffray Companies cut shares of Michaels Companies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of Michaels Companies in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. Michaels Companies presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $28.73. Shares of Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) traded up 0.35% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $22.99. 1,539,166 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Michaels Companies has a one year low of $19.00 and a one year high of $31.36. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $21.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.24. The stock has a market cap of $4.34 billion, a PE ratio of 12.62 and a beta of 1.01. In related news, EVP Philo Pappas sold 32,020 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total transaction of $704,440.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 41,435 shares in the company, valued at $911,570. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Vice Chairman Charles M. Sonsteby sold 38,754 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.12, for a total transaction of $857,238.48. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 56,744 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,255,177.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 18,070,774 shares of company stock worth $384,601,678 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 1.50% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its position in shares of Michaels Companies by 12.1% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 343,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,305,000 after buying an additional 37,165 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Michaels Companies by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 53,974 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,305,000 after buying an additional 2,467 shares in the last quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Michaels Companies by 18.0% in the third quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. now owns 83,264 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,000,000 after buying an additional 12,682 shares in the last quarter. Swiss National Bank boosted its position in shares of Michaels Companies by 8.5% in the third quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 166,243 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,018,000 after buying an additional 12,979 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Michaels Companies by 43.2% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 26,070 shares of the company’s stock valued at $631,000 after buying an additional 7,869 shares in the last quarter. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/michaels-companies-inc-mik-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-39-per-share.html. Michaels Companies Company Profile The Michaels Companies, Inc (Michaels) is an arts and crafts specialty retailer in North America. The Company’s segments include Michaels-U.S., Michaels-Canada, Aaron Brothers, Pat Catan’s and Darice. As of January 28, 2017, the Company operated 1,223 Michaels retail stores in 49 states and Canada, with approximately 18,000 average square feet of selling space per store. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Michaels Companies (MIK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Michaels Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2019 EPS Estimates for Canon Inc (CAJ) Raised by Analyst Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Receives $19.65 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages -$0.05 EPS Expected for Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) This Quarter Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Servicesource International (SREV) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Analysts Set Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Target Price at $91.43 Kraft Heinz (KHC) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.30 National Holdings (NHLD) Getting Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports NCI (NCIT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Nexvet Biopharma plc (NVET) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.28 Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund (LAQ) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 $0.47 EPS Expected for Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) This Quarter Analysts Expect Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $596.47 Million Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.54 Per Share Hilltop Holdings (HTH) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Study Shows Brokerages Expect Discover Financial Services (DFS) to Post $1.43 Earnings Per Share SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Forecasted to Post Q2 2018 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Ethan Allen Interiors (ETH) Share Price Imperial Oil (IMO) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports FY2019 EPS Estimates for Canon Inc (CAJ) Raised by Analyst April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group increased their FY2019 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Canon in a report issued on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst M. Nakanomyo now forecasts that the company will post earnings per share of $2.10 for the year, up from their prior forecast of $2.09. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/fy2019-eps-estimates-for-canon-inc-caj-raised-by-analyst.html. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on CAJ. TheStreet upgraded shares of Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Canon from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $33.00. Shares of Canon (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.81% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $30.80. 304,251 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $33.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.84 and a beta of 0.60. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $30.61 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.33. Canon has a 52 week low of $27.18 and a 52 week high of $31.68. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 14.6% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 11,530 shares of the company’s stock worth $335,000 after buying an additional 1,472 shares during the last quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 903.3% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 18,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $525,000 after buying an additional 16,296 shares during the last quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 9.0% in the third quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 8,196 shares of the company’s stock worth $238,000 after buying an additional 676 shares during the last quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its stake in shares of Canon by 23.9% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 97,209 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,822,000 after buying an additional 18,770 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rikoon Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Canon during the third quarter worth $1,544,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.49% of the company’s stock. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Vance Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Vance Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Effect Essex Property Trust (ESS) Share Price Ecopetrol SA (EC) Earns News Impact Score of 0.09 Dillard's (DDS) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Energy Focus (EFOI) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Tate & Lyle PLC (TATYY) Downgraded by Numis Securities Ltd North American Energy Partners Purchases 7,500 Shares of North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Stock $832.33 Million in Sales Expected for International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) This Quarter Quidel (QDEL) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.20 Palatin Technologies (PTN) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Ruckus Wireless (RKUS) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Saratoga Investment Corp (SAR) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Effect Ryder System (R) Stock Price Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate RedHill Biopharma Ltd – (RDHL) to Post -$0.64 EPS ePlus Inc. (PLUS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $320.4 Million NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) SVP Tamesa Rogers Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Straight Path Communications Inc (STRP) Major Shareholder Howard S. Jonas Sells 3,628 Shares Jack in the Box (JACK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Kulicke and Soffa Industries (KLIC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Gran Tierra Energy (GTE) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Stock Price April 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV) has been trending positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. AlphaOne, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Eaton Vance Corp earned a daily sentiment score of 0.39 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news stories about the company an impact score of 62 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is somewhat likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. Several research firms have commented on EV. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Eaton Vance Corp in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Eaton Vance Corp from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $42.00 price target on shares of Eaton Vance Corp in a report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Eaton Vance Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have assigned a hold rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $40.20. Shares of Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV) traded down 1.21% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $43.13. The stock had a trading volume of 832,410 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $45.57 and a 200 day moving average of $41.80. Eaton Vance Corp has a one year low of $32.97 and a one year high of $47.83. The firm has a market cap of $4.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.06 and a beta of 1.79. Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.53 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.04. Eaton Vance Corp had a net margin of 17.97% and a return on equity of 38.30%. The firm had revenue of $354.95 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $351.22 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.50 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Eaton Vance Corp will post $2.46 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be issued a dividend of $0.28 per share. This represents a $1.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.60%. Eaton Vance Corp’s dividend payout ratio is 53.33%. In other news, insider Frederick S. Marius sold 45,893 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.71, for a total transaction of $2,005,983.03. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 35,042 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,531,685.82. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Matthew J. Witkos sold 84,085 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.83, for a total value of $3,601,360.55. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 287,773 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $12,325,317.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Stock Price” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/12/positive-press-coverage-somewhat-likely-to-effect-eaton-vance-corp-ev-stock-price.html. Eaton Vance Corp Company Profile Eaton Vance Corp. is engaged in the business of managing investment funds and providing investment management and advisory services to high-net-worth individuals and institutions. The Company operates as an investment advisor to funds and separate accounts. The Company, through its subsidiaries and other affiliates, manages active equity, income and alternative strategies across a range of investment styles and asset classes, including the United States and global equities, floating-rate bank loans, municipal bonds, global income, high-yield and investment grade bonds. Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Vance Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Vance Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wizz Air Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wizz Air Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Barclays PLC Raises Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Price Target to GBX 101 StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Price Target Raised to GBX 193 Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Short Interest Down 2.1% in March Short Interest in Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) Decreases By 3.1% Short Interest in Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (LBAI) Rises By 20.7% Mirna Therapeutics Inc (MIRN) Short Interest Update Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at BMO Capital Markets Paradigm Capital Begins Coverage on NGEx Resources Inc (NGQ) Western Copper and Gold Corp (WRN) Earns Buy Rating from Rodman & Renshaw Hydro One Ltd (H) Earns “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Scotiabank Begins Coverage on Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Saputo Inc. (SAP) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Zacks Investment Research Downgrades La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) to Sell Spire Healthcare Group PLC (SPI) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank Merlin Entertainme Spon (MERLY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas initiated coverage on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. The firm issued a neutral rating and a GBX 1,700 ($21.11) target price on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,975 ($24.53) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Panmure Gordon reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 2,300 ($28.56) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Davy Research reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,800 ($22.35) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 2,100 ($26.08) price objective on shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Barclays PLC downgraded shares of Wizz Air Holdings PLC to an equal weight rating and cut their price objective for the company from GBX 1,950 ($24.21) to GBX 1,900 ($23.59) in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Wizz Air Holdings PLC presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 1,988.33 ($24.69). Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) opened at 1698.00 on Tuesday. Wizz Air Holdings PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 1,380.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 2,021.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 973.92 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,671.05 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,687.32. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ)” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/bnp-paribas-begins-coverage-on-wizz-air-holdings-plc-wizz.html. In other Wizz Air Holdings PLC news, insider Jozsef Varadi sold 300,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,700 ($21.11), for a total transaction of £5,100,000 ($6,333,043.59). Wizz Air Holdings PLC Company Profile Wizz Air Holdings Plc is a United Kingdom-based airline company. The Company provides low-cost air transportation services on scheduled short-haul and medium-haul point-to-point routes across Europe and into the Caucasus and the Middle East. It operates a fleet of approximately 60 Airbus A320 aircraft, and offers over 380 routes from 22 bases, connecting 112 destinations across 38 countries. Receive News & Ratings for Wizz Air Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wizz Air Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Just In 7mins High alert at Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai airports after hijack threat 1hr Modi honours descendants of Odisha’s Paika rebellion martyrs 3hrs North Korean missile ‘blows up’ on test launch Over 100 killed during Syria's troubled population transfer Petrol price hiked by ₹1.39 per litre, diesel up by ₹1.04 ‘Military strategy alone won’t solve Afghan crisis’ Police file case against publisher on CBSE plaint Philippine Army plans all-Muslim units Zones to get ₹1 cr. for GST outreach FSS unveils Aadhaar Pay product Soft rates fail to spur demand for loans, growth at 63-year low Asian nations dodge ‘manipulator’ tag, but wary of U.S. Tata Steel eyes branded entry into home segment ‘Erroneous caution-listing of exporters hurts shipments’ Warrant against Sanjay Dutt for non-appearance in court Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Hacked: How $171 mn stolen from Union Bank was recovered Share On JUST IN 7mins High alert at Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai airports after hijack threat 1hr Modi honours descendants of Odisha’s Paika rebellion martyrs 3hrs North Korean missile ‘blows up’ on test launch Over 100 killed during Syria's troubled population transfer Petrol price hiked by ₹1.39 per litre, diesel up by ₹1.04 ‘Military strategy alone won’t solve Afghan crisis’ Police file case against publisher on CBSE plaint Philippine Army plans all-Muslim units Zones to get ₹1 cr. for GST outreach FSS unveils Aadhaar Pay product Soft rates fail to spur demand for loans, growth at 63-year low Asian nations dodge ‘manipulator’ tag, but wary of U.S. Tata Steel eyes branded entry into home segment ‘Erroneous caution-listing of exporters hurts shipments’ Warrant against Sanjay Dutt for non-appearance in court CLOSE News National International States Cities Data Point: ceasefire violations at LoC News National National Hacked: How $171 mn stolen from Union Bank was recovered Suhasini Haidar Manojit Saha New Delhi/Mumbai April 15, 2017 22:37 IST Updated: April 16, 2017 10:45 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Suhasini Haidar Manojit Saha New Delhi/Mumbai April 15, 2017 22:37 IST Updated: April 16, 2017 10:45 IST more-in Pushing Boundaries Details emerge of how the money was retrieved from accounts in four different countries after government intervention Even as the government marked Digital India Day, encouraging more Indians to move to banking online, investigators and cyber security agencies are battling more breaches of banking transfer security, admitting that “non-state” actors are increasingly targeting India. Details are only just emerging of the biggest such hack of $171 million in July 2016, which necessitated a seven-country hunt that had to be spearheaded at the top levels of government to reverse the theft. The hack involved a transfer double the size of the Bangladesh Central Bank that lost $81 million in February 2016, but most details have been kept under wraps so far. Chairman of the Union Bank of India Arun Tiwari as well as India’s cyber security chief, Dr. Gulshan Rai, who were involved in the operation, confirmed to The Hindu that while the attack was serious, all of the money had been retrieved within days. “We worked in record time with the Reserve Bank of India, bank authorities and government agencies coordinating efforts. The bank succeeded in blocking the transfer of funds and credited the entire amount in a record period of six days,” Mr. Rai, who is the country’s first Chief Information Security Officer, said. “Investigations have been carried out by different agencies. And whatever was suggested [to improve security], has been implemented,” Mr. Tiwari said. Events unfolded on the evening of July 20, towards the end of the bank-week, officials said, piecing together the sequence. On that Thursday, a Union Bank of India official in the treasury department looking at SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication) payments was checking statements for the day from their dollar account, when he noticed a startling discrepancy. An amount of $171 million had been debited from the bank without his authorisation. He quickly raised a red flag to the bank’s top management about the transaction. “I haven’t authorised any such payment last night,” he reportedly told the bank’s management. By then the money had found its way to at least five locations, including accounts in Cambodia’s Canadia Bank and RHB IndoChina Bank, Thailand’s Siam Commercial Bank, Bank Sinopac in Taiwan, and a bank in Australia. These funds were routed by Citibank New York and JP Morgan Chase New York, which hold UBI’s foreign exchange accounts. MEA steps in According to cybersleuths, who were brought into the investigation, the hacking had occurred by sending malware to a bank official, who mistakenly opened an email that enabled the robbery. By the next day, when the extent of the loss was known, senior officials of the Ministry of External Affairs and other offices in South Block were pressed into action to retrieve the money. One tricky negotiation was with the Taiwanese government with which India doesn’t have diplomatic ties, particularly as a court order was needed to secure the banking reversal instruction. However, with some pushing from U.S. officials, the entire $171 million was traced. As the money trickled back into their accounts, Union Bank officials heaved a sigh of relief. Despite the speed and efficiency of operations to recover the money, not much is known about the follow-up investigations. An FIR was filed only a month later on August 25 (FIR 243/2016) at Mumbai’s Cybercell, but bank officials said they had no information of further follow-ups including details of a charge sheet, or investigations in any of the six other countries involved. “We tracked, stopped, recovered,” Mr. Tiwari said, indicating that the bank considers the temporary $171 million loss a closed chapter now. RBI pressure Meanwhile, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has asked banks to put stricter systems in place, including appointing a Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). The RBI has also created a specialised cell (C-SITE) to conduct detailed IT examination of banks’ cyber security preparedness, to identify the gaps and to monitor the progress of remedial measures by 2017-18. “There is an increasing trend in incidents pertaining to theft of personal information, ” RBI deputy governor S.S. Mundra warned bankers at a seminar on Financial Crimes Management arranged by the Centre for Advanced Financial Research and Learning (CAFRAL) in February. CAFRAL is is an independent body set up by the central bank. “We have already witnessed an attempt to defraud a bank by abusing the SWIFT messaging system which thankfully could be salvaged post event without any apparent monetary loss. We also continue to receive information on several other cyber incidents — be it ransomware attack, ATM / Debit card incidents or unauthorised access to bank servers,” Mr. Mundra said. Customers at risk Of worry are also smaller hacks that defraud poorer, less educated customers unable to detect the fund transfers before it is too late to retrieve them. Last year, several banks were forced to replace or change PINs on 3.2 million cards after security was compromised by a malware that cost the banking industry ₹2 crore. State Bank of India — the country’s largest lender — had to reissue around six lakh debit cards to its customers. On March 8 this year, the Pune-based Bank of Maharashtra filed an FIR with the Shivaji Nagar police station, after it detected at least ₹25 crore missing from various accounts. Cyber investigators tracked the problem to a UPI (Unified Payments Interface) solution from a local vendor, but couldn’t retrieve most of the money. The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) also denied any question that the government’s much-advertised BHIM (Bharat Interface for Money) app is vulnerable “The environment in which BHIM or UPI is run by NPCI is highly secure and certified with best global practices like PCI DSS ISO 27001,” NPCI said in a statement. Cyber terror threat The trail from the Union Bank of India (UBI) could lead in many directions, say investigators, especially as cyber terror becomes a bigger threat than cybercrime. Parallels have already been drawn to the Bangladesh cyber attack, that used similar malware, and other attacks around the world including the 2014 hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment that crippled its network for weeks, a heist of $1 million from a Vietnamese bank Tieng Pho in 2015 and a cyber attack on Polish banks in February 2017. “Normally the perpetrators in such cases are hidden many layers below so called proxy servers. It becomes difficult to identify the real perpetrator. The present international legal framework presents several constraints in identifying the perpetrators,” said a senior cyber security and ICT official. He went on to warn that “non-state” actors are at the forefront of the attacks at the moment, but other linkages would need to be established. Kiran Shetty, chief executive officer and sub regional head, Swift India said its systems have never been breached. “It was not a breach of SWIFT. We don’t have a control on bank environments. Our environments have never been compromised or breached,” he said. “While digital banking transactions have exploded, cyber security and cyber management have not kept pace,: Mr Shetty pointed out. “There are certain fundamentals to avoid such an incident like not sharing passwords, having firewalls in servers etc. If people take care of these, 85% of the cyber attacks could have been avoided,” he said adding that SWIFT has issued guidelines to its members to avoid any cyber breaches and some of the norms have been made mandatory. (With inputs from Vijaita Singh) Post a Comment More In Newsletter National banking cyber crime Related Articles << Previous Story Farooq Abdullah wins Srinagar bypoll Next Story >> Amid row over Jadhav, India cancels maritime talks with Pak Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Apr 16, 2017 12:32:12 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/hacked-how-171-mn-stolen-from-union-bank-was-recovered/article18063938.ece © The Hindu Jet union to boycott expat pilots Issues ultimatum to management to release all foreign pilots from duty Lalatendu Mishra Mercury touches 40 degree C Temperature will be higher than usual this summer, says Met department Staff Reporter Top Picks in The Hindu today Kollywood’s new custodians face complex challenges Anewadi rises up as one against Jadhav’s sentence Puducherry is replacing a rocky waterfront with a beach Young e-sevaks turn tribal hamlets of Palghar to digital villages Talwar’s talwar against leprosy, TB and cancer New York artists make skyscraper their studio Hackers: NSA penetrated SWIFT banking network in Middle East IPL without Chennai Srikanth, Sai Praneeth in historic all-Indian final Star Wars: Jedi in the crosshairs Close X Next Story >> Amid row over Jadhav, India cancels maritime talks with Pak CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cybersecurity Stocks See Increased Bets From Short Sellers By Chris Lange April 12, 2017 9:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Cybersecurity has become an increasingly important issue that companies have to address as they continue to develop new platforms and mobile apps. Hackers have been able to steal credit card and personal information from major companies like JPMorgan and Home Depot. As a result, cybersecurity has become more necessary, and instead of developing a dedicated department within a company, most opt to hire a third-party cybersecurity firm. What is interesting here is that many investors think cybersecurity is the next area in technology that needs real consolidation. The March 31 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest in most of the selected cybersecurity stocks increased. FireEye Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE) saw its short interest increase to 33.94 million shares from the previous reading of 28.11 million. Shares were last seen at $12.13, in a 52-week trading range of $10.35 to $18.73. The short interest at CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ: CYBR) increased to 1.44 million shares from the previous level of 1.28. Shares were trading at $52.84, within a 52-week range of $37.89 to $59.28. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.’s (NASDAQ: CHKP) short interest increased to 6.55 million shares compared with the previous reading of 6.32 million. Shares were trading at $103.36, in a 52-week range of $74.34 to $104.35. The number of Palo Alto Networks Inc. (NYSE: PANW) shares short fell to 7.04 million, compared with the previous level of 7.21 million. Shares were trading at $113.47, within a 52-week range of $107.31 to $165.69. Fortinet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: FTNT) short interest increased to 5.86 million shares from its previous reading of 5.51 million. Shares were trading at $37.62, in a 52-week trading range of $28.51 to $39.03. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Short Sellers Back Off Major Biotechs Short Interest in 3D Printing Stocks Mixed » Read more: Technology, short interest, Check Point Software Technolog... (NASDAQ:CHKP), FEYE, Fortinet (NASDAQ:FTNT), Palo Alto Networks (NYSE:PANW) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's 25 Dying Industries The 25 Healthiest Cities in America States With No Income Tax America's 25 Thriving Industries 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Coming Week 7 Key Earnings Expected This Coming Week April’s 10 Best New Car Deals Chevron Is the DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How an IRA Works Apple, Inc. Is Pushing Ahead With Testing Self-Driving Cars How to Ditch Your Credit Card Debt Baxter International Inc. says the Justice Dept has a criminal investigation into its IV saline sales Apple receives permit to test autonomous cars in California SEC freezes accounts behind alleged insider trading in General Communication Q1 Earnings Season Ramps Up Good Quality ETFs and Stocks for an Edgy Market Tesla (TSLA) Shares Gain as Musk Tweets New Car Details Uber's revenue hits $6.5 billion in 2016, still has large loss Brazil's Odebrecht paid $3.3 billion in bribes over a decade: reports Most oil producers want extension of output cuts: Iran minister 2 Simple Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster Okta, Inc. IPO: What Investors Need to Know What Investors Missed in the Market This Week Sarah Silverman To Trump: Show Us Your F***king Taxes, You Emotional Child Trump Has Already Spent $500,000 In Re-election Funds On His Own Businesses Stop Asking Brands To Give You Free Stuff For Retweets Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Retail Properties of America Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Expect MRC Global Inc (MRC) Will Post Earnings of -$0.06 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Retail Properties of America Inc (RPAI) to Post $0.26 EPS Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows United Continental Holdings (UAL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect PerkinElmer (PKI) Stock Price Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) to Post $0.15 EPS Armstrong Flooring Inc (AFI) Receives $19.33 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Anticipate IDACORP Inc (IDA) to Post $0.56 Earnings Per Share Humana (HUM) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.16 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Oxford Industries (OXM) Share Price Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Stock Price Childrens Place (PLCE) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.39 Ring Energy (REI) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows The Medicines Company Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (MDCO) BLB&B Advisors LLC Has $589,000 Position in Fortive Corp (FTV) Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Buys 3,063 Shares of Aqua America Inc (WTR) PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Stake Increased by First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Raises Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Legg Mason Inc (LM) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Rogers Communications Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (RCI) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Retail Properties of America Inc (RPAI) to Post $0.26 EPS April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Retail Properties of America Inc (NYSE:RPAI) to report earnings per share of $0.26 for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have made estimates for Retail Properties of America’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is $0.26 and the lowest is $0.25. Retail Properties of America posted earnings of $0.28 per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year-over-year growth rate of 7.1%. The business is expected to announce its next earnings report after the market closes on Tuesday, May 2nd. On average, analysts expect that Retail Properties of America will report full year earnings of $1.03 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.01 to $1.05. For the next year, analysts expect that the firm will report earnings of $1.07 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.02 to $1.10. Zacks’ earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that follow Retail Properties of America. Retail Properties of America (NYSE:RPAI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The company reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.01 by $0.24. Retail Properties of America had a net margin of 25.71% and a return on equity of 7.01%. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.26 EPS. A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. TheStreet downgraded Retail Properties of America from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Retail Properties of America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Retail Properties of America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price target for the company from $18.00 to $16.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Retail Properties of America from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $16.50 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $16.00 price target on shares of Retail Properties of America and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, March 25th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $17.42. Retail Properties of America (NYSE:RPAI) traded up 0.14% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $14.42. The stock had a trading volume of 906,727 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $14.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $15.17. Retail Properties of America has a 12 month low of $13.88 and a 12 month high of $17.78. The stock has a market cap of $3.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.85 and a beta of 0.42. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 10th. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 27th were issued a dividend of $0.1656 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a $0.66 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.59%. Retail Properties of America’s payout ratio is 110.00%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. TLP Group LLC bought a new position in Retail Properties of America during the third quarter valued at about $111,000. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado increased its position in Retail Properties of America by 0.4% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 7,654 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the last quarter. Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV bought a new position in Retail Properties of America during the fourth quarter valued at about $166,000. AE Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Retail Properties of America during the fourth quarter valued at about $167,000. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new position in Retail Properties of America during the fourth quarter valued at about $168,000. Institutional investors own 78.55% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/zacks-brokerages-expect-retail-properties-of-america-inc-rpai-to-post-0-26-eps.html. About Retail Properties of America Retail Properties of America, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns and operates shopping centers located in the United States. As of December 31, 2016, it owned 156 retail operating properties representing 25,832,000 square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). Its retail operating portfolio includes neighborhood and community centers, power centers, and lifestyle centers and multi-tenant retail-focused mixed-use properties, as well as single-user retail properties. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Retail Properties of America (RPAI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Retail Properties of America Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Apr 16, 2017 - Page 14　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Wall St slides on banks, global risks POLICY SHIFT:Investors from around the world are putting more money in US Treasuries, which put pressure on stocks ahead of a long holiday, a strategist said Reuters, NEW YORK Major US stock indices on Thursday fell for a third straight day as investors weighed earnings reports from big US banks and geopolitical tensions, while the tech sector fell for a 10th consecutive session. US markets were closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday. Wells Fargo & Co shares fell 3.3 percent, pulling down the S&P 500, after the bank reported a drop in mortgage banking revenue. Berkshire Hathaway Inc also late on Wednesday disclosed that it had cut its stake in the bank. JPMorgan Chase & Co fell 1.2 percent and Citigroup Inc slipped 0.8 percent, even as those companies reported better-than-expected quarterly profits. Banks revealed more evidence of a slowdown in loan growth in their reports. The S&P 500 banks index closed at its lowest point since early December last year. Investors have sought safe-haven assets throughout the week due to geopolitical tensions in Syria and North Korea. News of a massive bomb being dropped by the US in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday added to uncertainty. Kate Warne, principal investment strategist at Edward Jones in St Louis, said a dip in bond yields put pressure on stocks ahead of the holiday weekend in the US. “What we’ve seen is investors from the rest of the world putting more money in US Treasuries” due to geopolitical concerns, she said. The Dow Jones Industrial Average on Thursday fell 138.61 points, or 0.67 percent, to 20,453.25, the S&P 500 lost 15.98 points, or 0.68 percent, to 2,328.95 and the NASDAQ Composite dropped 31.01 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,805.15. For the week, the Dow is down 1 percent from last week’s 20,656.10, the S&P is down 1.1 percent from 2,355.54 and the NASDAQ is down 1.2 percent from 5,877.81. The benchmark S&P 500 has climbed 8.9 percent since US President Donald Trump’s election on Nov. 8 last year, supported by his planned economic agenda of tax cuts and economic stimulus. However, the rally has stalled the past six weeks as some investors question Trump’s ability to enact his proposals. There is “some concern among investors that there is now a shift going on in Washington to international and away from a domestic policy,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The S&P 500 financial index on Thursday dropped 1.3 percent, its fifth straight day of losses. Energy shares were the worst-performing group, falling 1.8 percent. The technology sector fell 0.4 percent, marking its longest losing streak since May 2012. The results from banks kicked off what is expected to be a strong first-quarter US reporting season. S&P 500 companies are expected to post a 10.4 percent rise in earnings for the period, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “We could have double-digit earnings growth; we haven’t seen that in some time,” said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York. “Investors are going to be impressed with that.” A report from the University of Michigan showed that US consumer sentiment unexpectedly strengthened this month as consumer optimism on current economic conditions climbed to its highest level since November 2000. About 6.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges on Thursday, below the 6.6 billion daily average over the past 20 sessions. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the New York Stock Exchange by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on NASDAQ, a 2.24-to-1 ratio favored decliners. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 1893 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-09 to 2017-04-16 Most read Most e-mailed 1 USING IDIOMS 活用成語 2 The Liberty Times Editorial: Chiang Kai-shek’s place in history 3 EDITORIAL: Beijing losing points with detention 4 World first: Japan carries out successful donor iPS cell transplant 全球首例　日本完成iPS細胞他體移植 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Adidas, Carbon to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe 2 Man receives electronic eyes in successful surgery 3 EDITORIAL: Kim Jong-un’s big day 4 Our newest citizens are deserving of praise 5 Young workers’ salaries averaged NT$29,427 a month last year 青年平均月薪29K MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Digging Into PNC Financial's Annual Shareholder Letter The CEO of PNC Financial gets high marks for his latest letter to shareholders. Motley Fool Staff Apr 15, 2017 at 11:30AM Every year, the CEOs of major companies publish a letter to shareholders, detailing the companies' successes and failures. But some CEOs are better at this than others. Listen in to the following segment of Industry Focus: Financials, as The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and contributor John Maxfield discuss why PNC Financial's (NYSE:PNC) annual letter is one of the better letters written by a CEO in the bank industry. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 3, 2017. Gaby Lapera: Let's talk about the shareholder letter. For those of you unfamiliar, the shareholder letter generally appears at the beginning of a company's 10-K every year. The 10-K is the SEC filing that the companies put in at the end of the year that's basically like, "This is how are company did for the whole year," and it has all the numbers for the whole year and year-over-year metrics and explanations of where they think the company is going, stuff like that. So, pretty important SEC filing in general. This is just the very front half of it. Normally, shareholder letters are what you would expect them to be, because they are, in theory, written by the CEO, but they're probably written by a media team in conjunction with the CEO, which is full of corporate-speak and not very transparent to people reading them. But this was a very interesting shareholder letter, because it had less...what's a safe for work word for B.S.? [laughs]  John Maxfield: Corporate jargon. Lapera: Corporate jargon, it had less corporate jargon than the average letter. I know that John and I have talked about this quite a bit. We love writing; there was that great writing episode we did over a year ago now. One of the most important things about writing is that, when you write, you need to be well-organized. This was probably one of the best-organized shareholder letters that I've ever seen. What about you, Maxfield? Maxfield: I agree. I was struck, I have never read, their CEO is a guy named William Demchak, who used to be at JPMorgan Chase for a while, and did stuff in their investment bank. I've read a lot of letters, but I hadn't read one of his before, so when I opened this up last week, or a couple weeks ago, I was really surprised by the quality of it. The first thing that struck me, to your point, Gaby, was the organization of it. I'm a writer; I'm an editor. You're a writer; you're an editor. So we appreciate these nuances. And what I found is, that very first paragraph -- and this is a tip for people who are interested in improving their writing -- that very first paragraph in Demchak's letter lays out his case, it totally provides a summary conclusion of his case, right out of the gate. What that allows you to do is test his perspective, his conclusion, relative to the facts that he lays out in the letter. And what that shows is, he is confident enough in PNC's performance that he's willing to lay it out and have people test what he has to say about that. So I think it's a great letter. But the other reason that is such a good shareholder letter, in my opinion, is that it does a really good job teasing out the natural tension that bank CEOs and executives have between growing aggressively and growing responsibly. You have to grow as a business. And as a bank, it's really easy to grow because all you have to do is jack up your loan volume by reducing your credit standards. But the problem with that is, you then take on these riskier loans, which then, in a crisis, can subject you to an existential issue. But you still have to grow. You have to balance these competing objectives. And I think Demchak does an excellent job in his letter teasing out that tension. Lapera: Yeah. Something else, for people who are looking for writing tips, one of the other really impressive things about this letter is that he really keeps in mind who his audience is. He lays out his thesis, and then right away, he hits all of the really important numbers, and then he lays out his framework, his road map for where he sees the company going, along with the letter, which is a really great way to lay anything out. But as with all things, we encourage you to think critically about this, before we sound just like an ad for William Demchak and PNC bank. One of the most important things to do when you read anything written by a company is look at it with a critical eye, because you have to understand that there's more going on than what they're saying here. And I think one of the best examples, there's a few, but a really interesting example is share repurchases. I'm on page 2 of the shareholder letter, and it says, "In 2016, we returned more than $3 billion in capital to shareholders. Repurchases for the full year totaled 22.8 million common shares for $2.3 billion, and we paid $1.1 billion in common stock dividends." Maxfield, what is PNC currently valued at? It's like 2.1 times book or something, right? Maxfield: Right, 2.1 times book. Lapera: So the question is, most people would look at that and be like, "Was that actually a really good move, for them to repurchase shares at 2.1 times book?" If they even think to think that, and they're like, "Oh, that's nice, they returned value to the shareholders by buying stock purchases." But the savvy investor would think, "Hey, does that actually make sense, to buy your stock when it's so expensive?" Maxfield: Right. Ideally, when a company buys back its stock, it wants to buy it back cheap, because that's the way that a buyback is accretive to the book value of remaining shareholders. So in the banking world, you want to buy back, and this is ideal, but, in an ideal situation, you want to be buying back your stock at one times or less than one times book value, because that means you're basically buying dollars for $0.90 or $0.80, depending on what the valuation is. Then, once you get up to that two times book value and above, your repurchases actually start to destroy value for the remaining shareholders. But here's the problem that banks run into when it comes to allocating their capital. Generally, the Federal Reserve doesn't want a bank to distribute their dividends more than a third or 40% of their earnings. That leaves two-thirds to 60% of their earnings that a bank either has to retain on its balance sheet, or in some other way, get it off its balance sheet. And the only other way to get that capital off its balance sheet is through share repurchasing. So the question is, is it still a good idea when there's a high valuation, to be repurchasing shares as a bank? And the answer is, they really don't have a choice. If they retain all of that capital on their balance sheet, it will drive down the return on equity, and thereby potentially incentivize the executive to reduce their credit standards and jack up their loan volume, jack up their revenue, to offset the downward pull on their return on equity by all this additional capital that's on the balance sheet. So, a bank, in terms of buying back their shares at a high valuation, is it ideal? No. But do banks have any other choice? Not really. Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 15, 2017 at 11:30AM Financials Stocks PNC Financial Services NYSE:PNC $115.80 down $0.20 (-0.17%) Read More 3 Regional Banks That Return the Most Capital to Shareholders The Top-Performing Big Bank Stocks From the Past Decade Forget Bank of America Corporation: Here Are 4 Better Dividend Stocks The 5 Most Profitable Big Banks in America 1 Secret to PNC Financial's Success Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Digging Into PNC Financial's Annual Shareholder Letter @themotleyfool #stocks $PNC
“No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich” – Lord Overstone Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Gijsbert Groenewegen / The Next Crisis is the Mother of all Counter-Party... The Next Crisis is the Mother of all Counter-Party Risks (Part 2) By: Gijsbert Groenewegen | Sat, Apr 15, 2017 Share Print Email In the first part I have been explaining the counter-party risk that is all around us and will come to the fore in the next financial crisis. In this part I reflect on the rescue operations of the Fed following the 2008/2009 recession and the following QEs and ZIRP policies that have led to diminishing returns and that will ultimately weaken the US dollar: the biggest counter-party risk of all counter-party risks. Ad 8 - CDS, Credit Default Swaps. Ultimately it should be considered that when we encounter these systemic events that it will impact the underlying currency. For example when the pension underfunding gets so problematic that the Government has to print more money to meet and rescue the obligations the counter-party risk will be reflected in the devaluation of the currency or the loss of purchasing power, the goods that you can buy with the same amount of nominal money will tumble. We saw one of the most poignant examples of counter-party risk in 2008 when AIG that had given off numerous CDS (Credit Default Swaps) to banks because it never expected the markets to tank the way they did (typical Wall Street view, things can only go up, that is what the Japanese thought till 1989!!). So issuing CDS or Collateralized Debt Obligations (CDOs) was a "no-brainer" for AIG. Anyway a breakdown of the system will happen again but this time it will be 10x worse than in 2008 and then the system can't be saved because all the tools in the toolbox will have been exhausted and therefore won't carry the weight, credibility or effectiveness they had "solving" the 2008 crisis. It will mean we will go deeper and longer (5 years!?). According to the underlying contracts AIG's credit default swaps did not call for collateral to be paid in full in case of just "market changes". In most cases, the agreement said that the collateral was owed only if market changes exceeded a certain value or if AIG's credit rating fell below a certain level. AIG was accruing unpaid debts—collateral it owed its credit default swap partners, but did not have to hand over due to the agreements' collateral provisions (misleading clauses drafted by lawyers?). But when AIG's credit rating was lowered, those collateral provisions abruptly kicked in—and AIG suddenly owed its counterparties a great deal of money. On September 15, 2008, the day all three major agencies (what a coincidence!) downgraded AIG to a credit rating below AA-, calls for collateral on its credit default swaps rose to $32 billion and its shortfall hit $12.4 billion—a huge change from $8.6 billion in collateral calls and $4.5 billion in shortfall just three days earlier. AIG had written credit default swaps on over $500 billion in assets. But it was the $78 billion in credit default swaps on multi-sector collateralized debt obligations—a security backed by debt payments from residential and commercial mortgages, home equity loans, and more—that proved most troublesome. AIG's problems were exacerbated by the fact that these were one-way bets. AIG didn't have any offsetting positions that would make money if its swaps in this sector lost money, basically AIG in all its wisdom never thought that the CDSs would be called in. Why? Because the blatant naivety of investors that the markets couldn't possible tank the way they did though this time it will be 10x worse and still the majority of people don't believe it will happen, they haven't learnt their lesson. It is sometimes a real mystery to me how people on Wall Street make money. It must be the tunnel vision that really helps! It definitely isn't the all-encompassing universal knowledge that here is at play. They have this theory and unbridled "confidence" that markets and government only benefit when the markets go up and thus the government will do everything they can to sustain this Shangri-La though as we have seen with Japan in 1989 at one stage reality kicks in and Shangri--La is no longer. And the more its valuations are out of whack with the median the stronger the reaction (it is pure physics: action is reaction) and on top of that everything is so intertwined that Japan, China, BRICS and the EC, that all have similar issues, will exacerbate the problems. AIG, a global company with about $1 trillion in assets prior to the crisis, lost $99.2bn in 2008. On September 16 of that year, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York stepped in with an $85 billion loan to keep the failing company from going under and also the parties that had bought CDS from AIG. I should emphasize that when counter-party risk arises there are no winners and a lot of value is destroyed. Goldman Sachs has always insisted that it wouldn't have lost a nickel if AIG had failed in 2008. The investment bank claims that it was fully insured against the risk that the financial giant could collapse under the weight of its credit derivative-related losses. That story is complete BS or fake to use an applicable term. New documents turned up in a congressional probe that show conclusively that Goldman had in fact, purchased insurance against the possibility that AIG might go bankrupt -- from financially troubled firms that were in no position to make good on their obligations. Voila counter-party risk. That is like winning the battle and losing the war. Hence why Paulson, the ex Goldmans CEO and Treasurer Secretary at that time, had to save AIG!! For instance, one company that would've had to make a $175m payment to Goldman if taxpayers hadn't saved AIG is Lehman Brothers. Citigroup, itself the recipient of a government bailout, owed Goldman $402 million if AIG failed. Indeed, the list of companies that had sold credit default insurance to Goldman on AIG, including numerous foreign players, is riddled with firms that had been severely damaged by the financial crisis. See how you think you have protection against possible events and how it turns out to be not the case. Goldman had entered into agreements to spread the risk with 32 entities. Overall, after the feds showed unusual largess by paying 100 cents on the dollar to save AIG Goldman Sachs received a $12.9 billion payout including $8.1 billion linked to credit default swaps from the government's bailout of AIG. Goldman Sachs also revealed to the Senate Finance Committee that it would have received $2.3 billion if AIG had gone under. Other large financial institutions, such as Citibank, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley, sold Goldman Sachs protection in the case of AIG's collapse. Those institutions did not have to pay Goldman Sachs after the government stepped in with tax money. Goldman exploited its and AIG's status as companies that were "too big to fail" to make the U.S. government an offer it couldn't refuse. Then New York Federal Reserve Bank chief Tim Geithner, Paulson and other government regulators who brokered the deal with Goldman quickly caved, either in panic over the disintegrating financial system or deference to Wall Street (probably both). It is amazing how these bankers and especially Goldman Sachs get away with blackmail and lying and exploiting the system to their own advantage and to the detriment of the taxpayers. "Doing God's work" to cheat people, pathetic! What a joker that Blankfein. Banks create their own systemic risk for obvious reasons: their survival! And avoid as much tax as they can. Anyway what is important in my point of view is to understand how banks create their own systemic risk, intentionally or not intentionally, using their fractional banking (leverage), and how these banks abuse the concept of systemic risk to their own advantage: bailout at any costs at the expense of the taxpayers whilst they can continue their corruptive practices against all costs. We all know the story "if you owe the bank $1m you have a problem whilst if you owe the bank $500m the bank has a problem". The banks operate on the basis of this adagio and they most likely invented it. The banks paid Hillary Clinton $250,000+ per speech in order to ensure her backing in terms of taxpayers (not The Clinton Foundation money!!) money when needed when she would become president, which she didn't as we know. By the way see what happened to the contribution from Norway and Australia to the Clinton foundation! Do you need any more proof about the "pay for play" by the Clintons? Isn't it funny these governments penalize kickbacks but they practice the art of kickbacks themselves. The idea that is sold to the people why the banks need to be rescued with taxpayer's money is that without a sound banking system the economy can't function and the rescue of the banks therefore is in everybody's interest. Another reason why this can be pulled off is that the common man in the street doesn't have the faintest idea how all the financial machinations work hence why they don't protest. Ignorance of the citizens, next to the principle of diffusion of responsibility, is bliss for the bankers in order to massively abuse the system, think Goldman Sachs and the Clintons (ever wondered why their son in law had such a big position in Greek securities!?) manipulating the balance sheet of Greece, for fees in excess of $700m!!, so that Greece would qualify for the EU. And guess who ended up with the bill to rescue Greece! The European taxpayers and the Greek! And then adding insult to injury the banks do everything they can "within the legal framework" to avoid paying taxes and deprive the taxpayers from their rightful revenue stream. So they want the bailouts but steal from the taxpayers in terms of tax avoidance schemes. See the Oxfam report http://fortune.com/2017/03/27/oxfam-europe-banks-tax-havens/. Focusing on the continent's 20 biggest banks, Oxfam found that these banks paid no tax on up to $416 million in profits registered in seven tax havens in 2015, with a total of $5.32 billion in profits registered in tiny Luxembourg (low tax regime)—more than the profits in the U.K., Germany and Sweden combined. Hold them accountable contract or no contract and punish them where it hurts: THEIR money This is what happens if you don't hold people responsible by sending them to prison and confiscate all their money and more, contract or no contract! These bankers know the "spiel" and thus behave in a way that they can get away with murder; there basically is no downside for them. Money and power corrupt. Just look at those losers of Merryl Lynch and Wells Fargo, Stanley O Neal and John Stumpf who blew up the bank and stole from deposit holders and they both walked away with hundreds of millions because of the contract they had. And don't even start with me about $75m being clawed back. Am I missing something here? So you steal from people and you get rewarded! Why are instead these people not being sued for inflicting so much damage and value destruction of the companies they were "managing"? This is sick beyond my comprehension and undermines everything that justice stands for. It erodes the justice system because it basically says crime pays if you do it in "a sophisticated way" or in a way that nobody really understands or when too many people that are well connected operate the scheme (Dudley, Draghi, Carney, Gensler). This has kind of always been the rationale of the Goldmans strategy. Target governments on a national or local level, because it is easier to get away with enormous fees, next to that these unknowledgeable government official are often "esteemed" (for the wrong reasons, ask the Libyans) they are dealing with Goldman. And be the first to create products nobody really understands so that they can charge their suck up clients any commission and get away with murder. Or you use a couple of political (Clintons) and monetary heavyweights (Draghi) to get Greece in the EMU for a hefty sum. And then as a couple of pathetic losers they blackmail the monetary authorities that if they don't get saved the system will fall over! Do you get the gist? You have to look at the concept, the wiring that is being followed here over and over again. There are no check and balances anymore. It pays to steal from the taxpayers. Different money systems. Only precious metal backed systems give power to the people! Anyway going back to the misperception that banks are too big to fail abusing the fractional banking system. This is where the different money systems come in. I believe there are three money systems: Fiat money -- places the power in the hands of the banks. As a result of the fractional banking system their "leverage" (10x-25x) and thus potential damage to the economy is more than proportional. Fiat money is a currency that a government has declared to be legal tender. Legal tender means that "the designated, the legal money" is valid payment for all debts. Fiat money it is purely based on "creditability" (whereby the fundamentals of the monetary system ultimately prevail and not the government regulation that money is legal tender, see Zimbabwe or Venezuela). Fiat money is a currency established as money by government regulation or law. The term fiat derives from the Latin fiat ("let it become or be", "it will become") used in the sense of an order or decree. It differs from commodity money, money backed by the real value of gold or silver, as was the case in the olden days. The value of fiat money is derived from the relationship between supply and demand (scarcity aspect) rather than the value of the material that the money is made of, paper versus gold or silver. And because fiat money is not backed by real value ultimately fiat money always fails as is proven by history time and time again, see below. Digital money -- digital money places the power firm in the hands of the Government because they can control and monitor everything when currency is digital and only consists of ones and zeros. Can you imagine the easiness with what you can create, and therefore also destroy, money, you just create ones and zeros though the devastating pitfall also is that it can be wiped out by a grit failure, virus or push on the button. Digital money means total surveillance, citizens will become even more a "derivative" of the Government, you just say yes and Amen! If the Government orders that you have save you save otherwise they will force you. Modern day slavery in the hands of a couple of political maniacs! And then there is the BS argument of Rogoff or Larry Summers who argue against cash money because of the "facilitation" of drug dealers, terrorists or black money though they should go back to school and first learn about the principle of cause and result. Take strict and harsh enough measures against these people and only the lunatics will dare to challenge the system. And apparently they, the no-cash supporters, have forgotten about the Bangladeshi Central Bank money that was stolen from their account in the NY Fed by Philippine/North Korean hackers. They, Rogoff and Summers, are clearly out of whack with reality and have never heard of or thought through the consequences of acts by hackers and from grid outages. In the latter case how would people get access to their money and what would happen to transactions? It is completely flawed, the vulnerability of the monetary system increases manifold. Last but not least it is known that some black money facilitates the oiling of the economy but these guys are so theoretical that they don't understand how things would work out in reality. They are too much in their head then present in reality. Bitcoin is an example of digital money, which in my point of view only has "value" because of the fixed number of bitcoins (supply/demand scarcity), its "portability or transferability" and the credibility by the people who believe in the concept of bitcoin. Though except for these reasons I believe bitcoin doesn't have any value what so ever, it is a combination of ones and zeros, there is no inherent value except for its created scarcity!! At present it is being used by the Chinese to "export" their wealth out of China. Last but not least Bitcoin could be seen as a proxy for the sentiment towards gold, which as we know is suppressed to make the US dollar look better for obvious reasons. Gold money -- money backed by precious metals puts the power firmly in the hands of the people where it belongs. Citizens give politicians the mandate to govern in a certain way but definitely not to take their right and freedom away as we see in Turkey with that dictator Erdogan or as we now witness with the unmasking and spying on US citizens. What we have seen too often is that people in the Government or Deep State (career "civil" servants and members of the military industrial complex, $600bn annual budget) believe that they know best and feel that they can impose rules and regulations on citizens to their own advantage but definitely not to the good and the welfare of the people. This is all orchestrated so that they can maintain their position in power and look after their financial interests. This is where the stand off between real money (gold and or silver backed) and fake money (paper money) comes in. If you can't print money at infinitum, like is the case with paper money, you can't direct and influence things the way you want and for example "you can't bribe people" if you understand what I am saying, everything is accounted for. You can't create debt and make unrealistic promises because you can only spend what you have. I believe "paper money equals manipulation whilst gold and silver money equal discipline". With gold and silver backing the currency there is no faking it, you either have the precious metals to back up your money or not. No nonsense! Next to that it should again be emphasized that paper money is solely dependent on the credibility of the economy and the credibility of the monetary authorities and therefore also representing counter-party risk because it is dependent on the performance of a third party. The counter-party risk is the devaluation of currency or said differently the loss of purchasing power, the number of goods that you can buy with the same nominal amount. The difference with gold or silver money is that they have inherent value that isn't dependent on the state of the economy or the credibility of the monetary authorities or the performance of a third party. Gold and silver have value of their own; people are willing to pay for gold or silver n'importe quai! There are no promises that have to be fulfilled or policies to be followed for gold and silver to have value. Gold and silver are nobody's obligation to deliver! And that is the big difference with fiat money, bitcoin or digital money, gold and silver have value of their own, no counter-party risk, value regardless of any third party obligation, with thousand years of validation and history. Only people that have no knowledge of history and don't understand the spill function gold and silver play in the monetary system call gold "the barbaric relic". As mentioned several times the only barbaric relic is debt not gold! The functions of money Money provides four key functions for an economy: Medium of exchange, medium of exchange means that money is used to conduct transactions instead of having to for example schlep heavy silver. A piece paper is much easier to exchange than having to carry and exchange 100 ounces (or almost 3kg) of silver. The Chinese word for "Bank" is literally translated as "Silver House". Unit of account, also termed measure of value, means that prices are stated in terms of money, measurement in the same unit being one dollar one values a bread at $5 whilst for example jeans are quantified at $100. Everything is measured, standardized in the same unit called dollars. It is kind of similar to measuring distance in meters and centimeters or yards and inches or measuring weight in grams and kilos. One carat diamonds for example wouldn't suffice as an unit of account because they have different colors and impurities and thus different value. With barter trade whereby goods are exchanged you don't have the same way of measurement. How many breads for one pair of jeans, how many breads for a plumber job or how many jeans for one car!! Store of value, Store of value means that value, to satisfy basics and desires, can be stored over time in the form of unallocated, unused money. Money represents unallocated purchasing power and thus value. Standard of deferred payment or credit. Standard of deferred payment means that future payments, such as paying off a car loan, are also in terms of the monetary unit, it is the yardstick for credit, which could be regarded as the "opposite" of cash money. The primary function of money is to act as the medium of exchange. Money makes transactions easier because everyone is willing to trade money for goods and goods for money. To see why money makes transactions easier, consider a barter economy that has no money, where one good is traded directly for another. The key to successful barter trades is the double coincidence of wants, each trader has what the other wants and wants what the other has. A perfect match though this in general is very unlikely. And without double coincidence of wants, a barter economy can become exceedingly inefficient and thus hinders the growth of the economy. This problem doesn't exist when there is one medium of exchange and measurement such as the dollar. Difference between money and currency: Currency (paper, bitcoin, precious metals) is what brings money to life! Key difference: Money is an intangible asset, it is a concept, which means it cannot be touched, it cannot be smelled; however it can be "seen" in terms of numbers, US dollars. Money does have a few properties such as it must be a medium of exchange; a unit of account; a store of value; and, occasionally in the past, a standard of deferred payment. Currency is the tangible concept that is based on the intangible concept of money. Currency is the promissory note (paper) or coin (commodity), which is the tangible expression of money. "Currency is what brings money to life". It is what is traded in return of goods or services. The term "currency" is derived from the Middle English word "curraunt", meaning "in circulation", current (hence why we also talk about velocity of money). These are the coins and bank notes that are in circulation. There was approximately $1.5 trillion in circulation as of February 22, 2017, of which $1.47 trillion was in Federal Reserve notes. Each country has its own currency, which can be traded against another currency against the existing currency exchange rate. Throughout history, various different things have been used as currency including silver, shells and even stores of grains. This describes that basically any medium that can be used to purchase another commodity, good or service as long as people accept as the currency of exchange. Money (M(oney)2 was $13.3trn in January 2017) and currency ($1.5trn, February 2017) are often used interchangeably in today's world because of their similar concepts. However, as described here above they are not exactly the same. Why did they stop publishing the M3? To not report repurchase liabilities? M1, M2 and M3 are different measures of money. The exact definitions of the three measures depend on the country. These three money supply measures, M1, M2 and M3, represent slightly different views of the money supply. The most restrictive, M1, also called narrow money, normally include coins and notes in circulation and other money equivalents that are easily convertible into cash, only measures the most liquid forms of money; it is limited to currency actually in the hands of the public. This includes travelers checks, demand deposits (checking accounts), and other deposits against which checks can be written. M2 includes all of M1, plus savings accounts, time deposits of under $100,000, and balances in retail money market mutual funds. But that is all small potatoes, M3 includes all of M2 (which includes M1) plus large-denomination ($100,000 or more) time deposits, balances in institutional money funds, repurchase liabilities issued by depository institutions, and Eurodollars held by U.S. residents at foreign branches of U.S. banks and at all banks in the United Kingdom and Canada." In other words, M3 tracks what the large institutions are doing with their money. This includes US dollars held in banks in Canada and the UK (called Eurodollars). So the question immediately arises why would the FED stop tracking this? I believe it is because the M3 includes the repurchase liabilities issued by depository institutions! Why? Because they indicate the collateral that is been supplied to financial institutions, for the positions that are underwater or in trouble, to avoid systemic risks. The average life expectancy for a fiat currency is 27 years so we are 19 years "overdue" The history of Chinese currency spans more than 3000 years. Currency of some type has been used in China since the Neolithic age, which can be traced back to between 3000 and 4500 years ago. Cowry shells are believed to have been the earliest form of currency used in Central China, and were used during the Neolithic period. According to a study of 775 fiat currencies by DollarDaze.org, there is no historical precedence for a fiat currency that has succeeded in holding its value, because it really doesn't have any value! Twenty percent failed through hyperinflation, 21% were destroyed by war, 12% destroyed by independence, 24% were monetarily reformed, and 23% are still in circulation approaching one of the other outcomes. The average life expectancy for a fiat currency is 27 years, with the shortest life span being one month. Founded in 1694, the British pound Sterling is the oldest fiat currency in existence. At a ripe old age of 317 years it must be considered a highly successful fiat currency. However, success is relative. The British pound was defined as 12 ounces of silver, so it's worth less than 1/200 or 0.5% of its original value. In other words, the most successful long-standing currency in existence has lost 99.5% of its value. Given the undeniable track record of currencies, it is clear that on a long enough timeline the survival rate of all fiat currencies drops to zero. History has a message for us: No fiat currency has lasted forever. Eventually, they all fail and quite logically because they pay an interest and therefore they in fact work ultimately towards their own destruction through interest payments. Every month still $200bn injected in the system whilst returns are diminishing. It is not working! So the average life expectancy for a fiat currency is 27 years and basically every 30 to 40 years the reigning monetary system fails and has to be retooled. The last time around for the U.S. was in 1971, when Nixon cancelled the convertibility of dollars into gold. The world bought into the dollar no longer backed by gold as its reserve currency, the dollar was the currency of the most powerful country in the world. Reserve currency and economic and military power go hand in hand (just see how wars were financed in history). But here we are 40 years later and the dollar has been diluted through the QEs and other programs, following the 2000 and 2008 recessions, like it has gone out of fashion. The reduction in purchasing power correlated to inflation of course is something one in general doesn't experience till it is too late because it happens gradually over time. That is different for hyperinflation when prices visibly change from month to month with 1%, 5%, 10%, 20% and even higher percentiles. Anyway eight years after the crisis of 2008-09, central banks are still injecting almost $200 billion a month into the global financial system to keep it from imploding whilst returns are dimishing. In economics, diminishing returns is the decrease in the marginal (incremental) output of a production process as the amount of a single factor of production is incrementally increased, while the amounts of all other factors of production stay constant. Just stand still for a second and think about this. And ultimately the result will exactly be what they are trying to prevent: Armageddon. The liars in chief For a long time there has been no discipline whatsoever to ensure balanced budgets. In fact during Obama's reign the US debt doubled from $10trn to $20trn, the largest debt increase in history whilst Main Street suffered. And see what happens with politicians looking after their own interest Obama just signed a $60m book deal! For what! For writing down all the lies he told us! We also shouldn't forget of course Clinton's lock-box plan, which was of course nothing more than a scheme to use more than $3 trillion in Social Security surpluses to "bring down" federal debt. In exchange, the Social Security trust fund gets another $3 trillion worth of IOUs. Clinton basically "stole" from several trust funds (Medicare and Social Security) pretending he created a budget surplus, which was of course purely cosmetics, robbing Peter to pay Paul. And then this scheme artist has the audacity to boast to audiences that he had a few budget surpluses under his reign. Same way he said that the Clinton Foundation was doing good work, whilst only 10% of all the donations going to the people it was raised for. What is happening to the remaining 90%? Back to another BS artist Obama, I find it so "funny" that this ignorant man had the nerve in April 2016 answering questions from London students boasting about his legacy that "he got unemployment down to 4.7%" and "saving the world from a Great Depression -- that was quite good." See the following chart. The guy was and is really delirious and clearly doesn't have any understanding of economics (as shown by the chart here above) though has an excellent understanding of being mischievous. The reason I am so fierce towards these people, such as Clinton and Obama, is that they lie to the people that have chosen them, purely for their own good and to make their so-called legacy look good. Give me a brake they are the biggest con artists there are. The real unemployment situation is much much worse. ShadowStats shows more realistic figures with a U6 of 22.5% Anyway back to the factors that show that the economy hasn't gained any traction as a result of the stimulus measures. For March the U3 the official unemployment rate was reported at 4.5%. U5 includes discouraged workers and all other marginally attached workers and U6 adds on those workers who are part-time purely for economic reasons. The current official U6 unemployment rate as of February 2017 according to the BLS is 8.90%! Though according to ShadowStats by John Williams the figure is 22.5%! To give you some background on Walter J. "John" Williams, he was born in 1949. He received an A.B. in Economics, cum laude, from Dartmouth College in 1971, and was awarded a M.B.A. from Dartmouth's Amos Tuck School of Business Administration in 1972, where he was named an Edward Tuck Scholar. During his career as a consulting economist, John has worked with individuals as well as Fortune 500 companies. I would say that his biography is pretty good and that John probably knows what he writes about (unlike Obama does) unless you believe that Ivy League schools like Dartmouth are fake! The official unemployment figures, that clearly show a huge discrepancy with the real unemployment figures according to ShadowStats, and that show Obama's "past achievements" couldn't be further from the truth. It is now up to Trump to make these figures more realistic and call a spade a spade. The ShadowStats Alternate Unemployment Rate for March  2017 is 22.5%. Inflation figures have been underreported to facilitate the QEs and ZIRP and to control the increases in social security payments Next to the real unemployment figures published by ShadowStats.com even Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has raised questions about the success of the efforts by the Federal Reserve and its peers to spark inflation and improving real income in the wider economy with a chart (see below) showing what's happened with prices in the largest developed economies since the start of 2009. Clearly it is been much much more an asset gain than a gain for the consumers, hence why real incomes have kept on deteriorating. Assets have been inflated, real incomes have declined and the currency has been diluted (QEs) without barely any productivity against it. The chart below does illustrate how well financial markets recovered from the 2007 to 2009 meltdowns. By contrast, consumer price inflation, incomes and other such gauges of the "real" economy have put in muted performances. Though it is my believe that the inflation figures have been heavily manipulated in order to allow the QEs and ZIRPs and in order to prevent huge increases in social security payments that are inflation linked. The low reported inflation figures also explain partly why reel incomes haven't risen in the last 15 years. For politicians, the chart essentially sums up the frustrations that have helped propel the populism that Brexiteers and Donald Trump rode to victory. People are fed up with the empty promises of the politicians and their lack of accountability and this is a trend we see everywhere in the West and Middle East. Change is in the air. After so many years The QEs and ZIRP policies are clearly missing their goal of returning confidence to the markets with the intended add-on effect of restoring consumer spending. `The chart below shows that the Fed has just "blown up" assets with the cape Shiller PER now at almost 30x. According to Yale finance professor Robert Shiller, the S&P 500 SPX, now trades on a cyclically adjusted price-to-earnings (cape) ratio of 30x, compared to a historic fair value for this measure of about 16x. The cape Shiller index at 30x and the Q or Buffett ratio at 1.2x+ clearly show overvalued the markets are whilst the economy hasn't picked up and GDP is even declining Since the 1870s, there have been a total of three periods in which the average stock P/E ratio was above 26.5x. The first time was around the Panic of 1893, the second was around the 2000 dot-com crash and the third was around the 2008 financial collapse. Need any more proof that these markets are overvalued? See here below. And according to the Federal Reserve, the so-called "Q" factor, which compares stock-market values with the real-world prices of corporate assets, is way above the historic average though it's not yet in crazy year-2000 territory. The Q factor has a solid track record. Here below is the "latest" Fred (St Louis Fed) Q chart showing the Q factor from 1975 until January 1, 2014. By the way I wonder why the Fred doesn't have a more recent chart!! The Q factor, a long-term valuation indicator, has become popular in recent years, thanks to Warren Buffett. Back in 2001 he remarked in a Fortune Magazine interview that "it is probably the best single measure of where valuations stand at any given moment." Right now, for example, the total size of the US stock market according to Federal Reserve data is $22.6 trillion. Meanwhile the total size of the US economy is $18.8 trillion. This puts the Buffett valuation at around 1.2x, meaning the stock market is about 20% pricier than the entire US economy. Historically speaking everything in excess of 1.2x is expensive. Stock markets start getting into trouble when the ratio surpasses 1.0. (The Buffett ratio was 1.11 before the 2008 crash…). Assets have been inflated, real incomes have declined and the currency has been diluted without barely any productivity to account for, between $4-$10 in debt is needed to create $1 of GDP growth (diminishing returns). What we have witnessed is that all this money has been pumped in the markets and economy without real improvements in the economy except for the top 1%. The Atlanta GDPNow model forecast for real GDP growth (seasonally adjusted annual rate) in the first quarter of 2017 is 0.5% on April 14, down from 0.6% on April 7. Again proof that the M2 has been endlessly increased without any significant productivity improvements or increased velocity of money to show for.   The dilution of the currency clearly shows in the real median household income that isn't even at 1999 levels! Anyway my point is to emphasize that currencies clearly represent counter party risk when the currency gets diluted or devalued too much as a result of too much debt, continuous budget deficits and unsound monetary and economic policies whilst no productivity improvements to show for. The dilution of the currency clearly shows in the reduction of real income the goods you can buy with the same amount of nominal income. And although the Fred chart here below only runs to January 1, 2015 (Updated: Sep 13, 2016) with a median real income of $56,516 we seem to be still below the real median income in 1999!! We see also see the effect of the dilution of the currency read loss of productivity happening in China, where for example uninhabited cities were built just to keep its workforce employed, with as a result the enormous capital flight, out of fear of future difficult times, which triggers further weakening of the Renminbi. People often don't see the reduction in purchasing power as counter-party risk though it is the most systemic counter-party risk in our societies. Hence why currencies are the ultimate benchmark of your (global) wealth. In the end it is how your currency or purchasing power stacks up against other currencies on a global scale. Your currency is the proxy of how the rest of the world appreciates or values how your economy is being run and represents real wealth, expressed in the exchange rate. Ask people how they regard the currencies of Zimbabwe or Venezuela where they "weigh" paper money to do a trade! Paper has become paper again. When the dollar loses its reserves status we will need another anchor for a new or temporary monetary system: gold, the mirror image of the reserve currency. Fiat monetary systems have a limited lifetime as shown here above, on average 27 years, but when the currency finally loses its function in society we need another anchor that replaces or bridges the period till a new monetary system can be implemented and enough trust in the system is restored. For the time being it most likely will be not another fiat paper system because there will be no trust in the political and monetary establishment creating another phony fiat paper system. In general people go back to basics like something they can hold on to and that has value of it own and that is not dependent on the phony promises and lies of the politicians and monetary and economic conditions. And as we know through history gold and silver have proven to be the ultimate anchor in this respect. There is a reason why currencies in many languages refer to gold or silver just think of geld, argent or sterling. Gold is the mirror image for the currencies and especially the reserve currency because that is the spill of the monetary system. Though ultimately the anchor of all monetary systems is gold. Anybody who states the opposite doesn't have a clue about finances just look how much gold reserves the central banks have and are still accumulating. There must be a reason besides the uneducated "barbarous relic" argument. No!? Anyway gold and silver are in general only strong when the reserve currency is weak and visa versa. There is no reason for gold to be strong when the reserve currency is strong when investors have all the confidence in the monetary system. So there is no better way of comparing the real value of a currency against the ultimate yardstick in the financial system: gold. The comparison with the gold price shows us, as seen in the chart below, what happened to the purchasing power of the US dollar. In 1933, through a series of gold-related acts, culminating in the Gold Reserve Act of 1934, America realized a dollar devaluation of 41% when it adjusted the price of gold from $20.67 per ounce of gold to $35 per ounce. America, like the others before, had its economy bottom and recover as a result. At least nine other major economies had enacted a devaluation of their currency by removing it from the gold standard, all of who emerged from depression. A similar devaluation of the US dollar against gold as happened in 1933 shouldn't be excluded today. Anyway what is clear is that a debasing of the currencies against gold reduces the purchasing power of the underlying currency as demonstrated also by the chart here below. In the 1920's and 30's the performance of Homestake Mining clearly expressed the strength and value of gold. For the moment the authorities will do everything in their power, legal or illegal, to keep the reserve status for the US dollar and therefore expect volatility, uncertainty, and financial dislocations on the road to the reign of gold and silver. Though ultimately the fundamentals will win and they won't be able to keep the weakness of the existing currencies at bay with the prices of gold and silver showing the way. Conclusion: The lender of last resort will be gold and silver! The AIG bailout is a lesson in how interdependency in financial markets stacks up like a house of cards. Of course it wasn't only Goldman that was made whole when the government came to AIG's aid -- it was all of the insurer's credit insurance counterparties. When taxpayers rescued AIG, they were at the same time absorbing losses Wall Street firms like Citi, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley would've suffered on the credit default contracts they'd sold to Goldman. Everything is intertwined as never before and therefore the extreme measures by the Fed, the ECB, the BOJ and the BIS, with injection in the system of around $200bn a month, are needed to keep the system going because of the alternative that basically is no alternative! And what do we see the BofA finds that surging consumer confidence does not result in higher spending hence why the retail sector is doing so badly. I think a lot people just don't seem to accept that the consumer is maxed out. Just look at some statistics such as the U6 unemployment figure of 22.5% (ShadowStats), record 95m Americans not in labor force (number grew 18% since 2009), according to a recent Bankrate survey of 1,000 adults, 57% of Americans don't have enough cash to cover a mere $500 unexpected expense. There is no way out and the only option is to keep things going till a miracle turns everything around or till the moment we will face the abyss. But when it gives we most likely will witness extreme moves in interest rates, the US dollar and gold and silver. The situation is like a rubber band that you try to stretch more or a ball that you try to keep underwater till it snaps and then it really snaps. When something snaps and it really doesn't matter what snaps, all imbalanced situations will break because they have been in such an imbalanced situation for such a long time. And when they all snap the Fed won't be able to initially do something about it because when things snaps they are so uncontrolled that you first have to wait till they settle down before you can take measures against the situation. All the HFT programs will go haywire because as past volatile situations have shown their algorithms don't function in extreme situations. The credit risk we are facing with respect to the enormous debt in the US is clearly illustrated in the chart here below where the 35-year downtrend is threatened. The reversal of the 35-year downtrend will cause unimaginable losses in the global bond markets that will ultimately have their effect on the currencies that are the real proxy of a country's credibility and wealth. There is no discrimination as to the size or perceived stability of a nation's economy; if the leaders abuse their currency, the country will pay the price. And as mentioned the real stone to fall will be the reserve currency, the US dollar, which will generate huge wealth destruction. I believe the only way to hedge that destruction will be to revert to the basics of monetary policy which means investing in, next to agricultural land, real money: gold and silver. As we know JP Morgan said "gold is money everything else is credit", all credit represents counter-party risk. And the dollar currency is nothing else than an obligation by the Fed to "guarantee" the value of the US dollar; it is the lender of last resort. Lender of last resort is defined as an institution, usually a country's central bank, that offers loans to banks or other eligible institutions that are experiencing financial difficulty or are considered highly risky or near collapse which is of the crucial importance to avoid a breakdown of the financial system as we almost experienced in 2008. Though contrary to 2008 when the banks caused the breakdown in the markets this time it will be the central banks that will cause the collapse in the markets. Just look at the SNB (Swiss National Bank) that has large equity holdings. The only "lender of last resort" left will be gold and silver, physical gold and silver!     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Gijsbert Groenewegen Gijsbert Groenewegen Copyright © 2017 Gijsbert Groenewegen All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BAE Systems plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BAE Systems plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BAE Systems plc (BA) to Issue Dividend of GBX 12.70 on June 1st Jefferies Group Weighs in on Textron Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (TXT) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $380.35 Million Analysts Expect Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.99 Billion Brokerages Expect Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $541.49 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $8.36 Billion Flagstar Bancorp (FBC) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Anchor Bancorp (ANCB) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Highland Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc (CRL) Stake Cut by Highland Capital Management LLC Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Holds Position in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Lowers Position in Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Highland Capital Management LLC Sells 1,915 Shares of Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Maintains Position in South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) Highland Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Raytheon Company (RTN) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Forum Energy Technologies Inc (FET) Lowered by Jefferies Group Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc (CRL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $438.08 Million Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $313.98 Million $718.8 Million in Sales Expected for Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) This Quarter Putnam Premier Income Trust (ppt) to Issue $0.03 Monthly Dividend BAE Systems plc (BA) to Issue Dividend of GBX 12.70 on June 1st April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet BAE Systems plc (LON:BA) declared a dividend on Thursday, February 23rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be given a dividend of GBX 12.70 ($0.16) per share on Thursday, June 1st. This represents a yield of 2%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. The official announcement can be viewed at this link. BAE Systems plc (LON:BA) opened at 642.604 on Friday. BAE Systems plc has a 52-week low of GBX 464.80 and a 52-week high of GBX 657.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 640.00 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 595.81. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 20.40 billion. In other news, insider Lynn C. Minella sold 52,558 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 653 ($8.11), for a total transaction of £343,203.74 ($426,181.22). Also, insider Ian King sold 256,279 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 611 ($7.59), for a total transaction of £1,565,864.69 ($1,944,448.89). Over the last 90 days, insiders have bought 46,642 shares of company stock worth $28,452,272 and have sold 347,133 shares worth $215,495,763. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “conviction-buy” rating and set a GBX 697 ($8.66) price objective on shares of BAE Systems plc in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price objective on shares of BAE Systems plc from GBX 675 ($8.38) to GBX 665 ($8.26) and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. BNP Paribas lifted their price objective on shares of BAE Systems plc from GBX 565 ($7.02) to GBX 645 ($8.01) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 430 ($5.34) price objective on shares of BAE Systems plc in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 630 ($7.82) price objective on shares of BAE Systems plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. BAE Systems plc presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 644 ($8.00). ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “BAE Systems plc (BA) to Issue Dividend of GBX 12.70 on June 1st” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/bae-systems-plc-ba-to-issue-dividend-of-gbx-12-70-on-june-1st.html. About BAE Systems plc BAE Systems plc is a defense, aerospace and security company. The Company operates through five segments. The Electronic Systems segment consists of the Company’s United States and United Kingdom-based electronics activities. The Cyber & Intelligence segment consists of its United States-based Intelligence & Security business and United Kingdom-based Applied Intelligence business, and covers the Company’s cyber, secure government, and commercial and financial security activities. Receive News & Ratings for BAE Systems plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BAE Systems plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Here’s Why Oil Prices Spiked This Week April 15, 2017 6:04am NYSE:USO ShareTweet From Tom Kool: Oil posted some solid gains this week on outages in Libya, further confidence in an OPEC extension, and the first sizable drawdown in U.S. crude stocks this year. The IEA added its voice to the growing chorus of analysts seeing light at the end of the tunnel. IEA: oil market very close to balance. The IEA said in its latest report that the oil market is probably already balanced, although more data is needed. Oil inventories are falling in many parts of the world and have started to decline in the OECD as well. In the coming months, the agency says, more substantial inventory declines will arrive and demonstrate that the oil market is no longer oversupplied. At the same time, the IEA downgraded its oil demand growth estimate for this year from 1.4 mb/d to 1.3 mb/d. Goldman: $50 long-term. Goldman Sachs maintains its projection that oil prices will remain stable for years to come due to improvements in drilling technology that can add marginal barrels whenever they are needed, keeping a lid on prices. The investment bank says that shale will also limit volatility, with crude likely to trade within a 10 to 20 percent band. Goldman has a five-year estimate on WTI at $54 per barrel. “We believe we are going back to an environment similar to pre-2003, a period characterized by stable long-term oil prices and low oil-dollar correlation,” the bank’s research note said. Banks doing better on energy loans. JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup said this week that their portfolio of energy loans has turned out much better than expected, allowing them to put to work a combined $370 million that they had set aside to cover for losses on those loans. The result will likely be more lending, which will allow more shale companies to drill more wells. Ultimately, this could boost production. Early evidence suggests banks are already stepping up their lending. So-called leveraged loans, which are loans to already indebted companies, shot up by 86 percent in the first quarter compared to a year earlier. Rig count at highest level in nearly 2 years. The U.S. rig count jumped again this week, the 13th consecutive week of increases. Standing at 683, the rig count is now at its highest level since April 2015. Drilling permits surge, but not all shale wells completed. Texas issued more than 1,300 drilling permits in March, twice as many as the same month in 2015. Rigs are rising and companies are rushing back to the shale patch, and to the Permian Basin in particular. But at the same time, well completions were lower than they were last year. The result will be a rise in production but also an increase in the number of drilled but uncompleted wells (DUCs), which will leave a level of production sitting on the sidelines. ConocoPhillips to sell natural gas assets for $3 billion. ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP)announces plans to sell 1.3 million acres in Colorado and New Mexico in the gas-rich San Juan Basin for $2.7 billion in cash plus contingent payments of $7 million per month depending on natural gas prices, a total sum that would ultimately be capped at $300 million. U.S. Gulf of Mexico production rising. Oil production in the Gulf of Mexico hit a record high 1.6 million barrels per day in 2016, according to new data from the EIA. Output hit a fresh high of 1.7 mb/d in January. The gains came after eight offshore projects reached completion in 2016. More gains are slated for this year and next as an additional seven new projects come online. The EIA expects the Gulf of Mexico to produce 1.7 mb/d this year and 1.9 mb/d in 2018. PDVSA avoids default. Cash-strapped Venezuelan oil company PDVSA met a $2.23 billion bond payment that was due on Wednesday. The company had nearly $2.5 billion payments this month and the bond markets grew concerned about a possible default. The state and the oil company are in dire straits and the investors put the probability of a default within the next 12 months at over 50 percent. Saudi Arabia raises $9 billion in sale of Islamic Bonds. In its first international sale of Islamic Bonds, or sukuk, Saudi Arabia sold five- and ten-year tranches of bonds, raising $9 billion. The proceeds will be used to plug budget holes stemming from low oil prices. After a nearly $100 billion budget deficit in 2015, austerity measures helped close the gap to $79 billion in 2016 and potentially $53 billion this year. Pipeline construction flurry to boost Marcellus and Utica gas production. The Marcellus and Utica Shales in Pennsylvania and Ohio account for around a quarter of U.S. natural gas production, but producers in the region have run into pipeline constraints, holding back further production gains. Several major gas pipelines will be completed in the near future, and the EIA argues that the new capacity could allow natural gas production to grow by a staggering 50 percent. That will fuel more gas in the electric power sector and also lead to more gas exports. The United States Oil Fund LP ETF (NYSE:USO) closed at $11.13 on Thursday, up $0.02 (+0.18%). Year-to-date, USO has declined -5.03%, versus a 4.02% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. USO currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of B (Buy), and is ranked #31 of 126 ETFs in the Commodity ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of OilPrice.com. Tags: commodity NYSE:USO oil Categories: NYSE:USO Read Next Plunging Oil Prices Won’t Hurt U.S. Shale Nearly As Much As They’ll Hurt OPEC After An 8% Drop This Week, How Much Further Can Oil Fall? Here’s What Kept Oil Prices Low This Week Here’s What Kept Oil Prices Afloat This Week Here’s Why Oil Prices Spiked 5% This Week Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged This Week Volatility Begins To Strike The Dow Jones Industrial Average Amid Global Tensions Here’s Why Oil Prices Spiked This Week Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MONEY April 16, 2017 | Last updated 7 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets5 Automotives2 Banking3 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers Energy70 Retail1 Shipping Technology4 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Rotana plans new hotels in Abu Dhabi Dubai SWIFT service provider denies being hacked Food fight: Uber and Deliveroo go head-to-head Renewables Aviation Live Flights top stories in Aviation $9,950 to flyers who give up seats Alitalia workers urged to OK compromise deal ATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Economy7 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property Rotana plans new hotels in Abu Dhabi Philippines signs $175m in Middle East deals TDIC to showcase its real estate portfolio Money5 Dirhams and Dollars5 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Five reasons why hedge funds in danger zone on commodities Speculators have been reducing short interest on the biggest commodity equities Published: 10:55 April 15, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York: Hedge funds’ speculative positions are at “pretty elevated levels” in commodities amid signs of ample inventories in some materials and concerns over the outlook for demand in China, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Momentum measures and futures positioning in some assets are likely to turn “incrementally more negative,” especially for base metals, said Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, global market strategist at JPMorgan. In March, the Bloomberg Commodity Index posted the biggest monthly loss since July. These charts show why a sell-off among hedge funds could emerge in coming months. 1. Crude retrenchment Speculative positions in crude oil “have declined from overbought to average levels, but we see a risk of further downshifting,” JPMorgan said in a March 31 report. “In all the previous swings, oil positions did not stay at average levels, but swung from overbought to oversold levels and vice versa.” 2. Short interest on stocks Speculators have been reducing short interest on the biggest commodity equities. A review of five of the biggest global commodity stocks shows short interest in those companies has slipped significantly since last year, which Panigirtzoglou said suggests the sector may be overbought. Source: Data compiled by Bloomberg, Markit data 3. Palladium signals Speculators have been bullish on palladium. Net-long positions in futures and options contracts are at elevated levels, and the commodity appears “overbought”, Panigirtzoglou said. Futures of the metal used in automotive pollution-control devices touched the highest in two years on Wednesday, even after carmakers posted a surprise sales decline in March as discounts failed to buoy demand. 4. Metals momentum Copper has also shown signs that momentum could turn negative. The ratio of copper net-long positions to the metal’s open interest is near the highest since at least 2006. Futures reached the highest since 2015 in February, and have since struggled to regain momentum amid concerns about demand prospects. If the price remains in the current range, the momentum signal will “inevitably turn negative” some time close to May, Panigirtzoglou said. The price of copper for delivery in three months fell 0.6 per cent to close at $5,858 (Dh21,499) a metric tonne Thursday on the London Metal Exchange. 5. Cotton divergence Traders have piled into cotton, buoyed by demand prospects from China and the outlook for a third straight annual deficit that is trimming global stockpiles. Yet speculators may see near-term price pressures amid expectations for higher production. The surge in cotton prices is likely to boost US plantings, the US government said last week. While net-long positions in futures and options have held near a record reached last month, Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show, futures prices have slumped for two straight weeks. More from Money World’s hottest funds make no money The reflation story is broadening Trading places Being organised can help you save money Why hedge funds in danger zone on commodities These are the world's richest Arabs in 2017 Cheapest flats to rent near Dubai Metro These UAE savers get up to 4% profits tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNmetal follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessMoney tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGNmetal follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MoneyWorld’s hottest funds make no money Business Gallery First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US   Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01World’s hottest funds make no money 02These are the world's richest Arabs in 2017 03Being organised can help you save money 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 1Image Pictures: Nokia 3310 comes back to life at MWC Feb 27, 2017 18Images In pictures: Dubai Parks and Resorts survey Apr 23, 2016 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play How to spot a handmade Afghan carpet Jan 16, 2012 UAE PETROL AND DIESEL PRICES Month ViewChart View Retail Prices(AED/LTR) Unleaded Petrol Super 98 NEW(AED/LTR)2.2 Change+22% Unleaded Petrol Special 95 NEW(AED/LTR)2.23 Change+23% Petrol E Plus 91 NEW(AED/LTR)2.23 Change+23% Diesel NEW(AED/LTR)3 Change-23% Retail Prices(AED/Litre) Petrol Super 98 Petrol Special 95 Petrol E Plus 91 Diesel Click here to return How much did you pay last month for your fuel? UNLEADED PETROL SUPER 98UNLEADED PETROL SPECIAL 95UNLEADED PETROL E PLUS 91DIESEL Must Reads Top 10 online purchases in UAE The best way to handle your daily transactions Low pay, low morale in Dubai private schools Most Popular on Gulf News Watch: Horse-boarding with Dubai princesses Pigeon droppings vex Dubai residents Dubai girl scores 100% in English Watch: Injured tourist rescued from desert 2017 UAE holidays Watch: Driver leaves child under midday sun Indian jailed for beating co-worker to death World’s oldest person dies at age 117 Two killed, five injured in Sharjah fire Close Recommended For You Peter Bogdanovich on finishing Orson Welles filmPUBLISHED ON Apr 16, 2017 My working life: The cartoon creatorPUBLISHED ON Apr 16, 2017 Watch: Driver leaves child under midday sunPUBLISHED ON Apr 16, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT International Trader - Asia How to Invest in China’s New Urban Creation Xiong’an should be a long-term play. Beneficiaries include China Evergrande, BBMG, and a little-known small-cap stock. By Daniel Shane Biography April 15, 2017 12:15 a.m. ET Until very recently, the word “Xiong’an” would have generated no more than a confused stare from most Chinese. The city in northern Hebei province, about 100 miles south of Beijing, is a rural backwater. That’s all set to change: The government plans to transform Xiong’an into China’s next business and commercial hub. Morgan Stanley thinks the city, whose population today is about one million, will attract up to $350 billion in investment in coming years. That could make it the biggest infrastructure project in the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Walt Disney (DIS) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact CU Bancorp (CUNB) Stock Price Aclaris Therapeutics Inc (ACRS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.54 Per Share Sigma Capital Group Plc (SGM) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Pattern Energy Group (PEGI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.37 Espey Manufacturing & Electronics Corp. (ESP) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Effect Pool (POOL) Stock Price Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sterling Resources Ltd (SLG) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) to Announce $0.41 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate VWR Corp (VWR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.11 Billion Zacks: Analysts Expect Upland Software Inc (UPLD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $20.55 Million Analysts Set Sandstorm Gold Ltd (SSL) PT at $7.64 ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receives News Impact Score of 0.15 Ooma (OOMA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.13 Paypal Holdings (PYPL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Receives $12.86 Average PT from Analysts Analysts Set United Technologies Co. (UTX) Target Price at $116.15 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Walt Disney (DIS) Stock Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) has trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Walt Disney earned a news impact score of 0.22 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news coverage about the entertainment giant an impact score of 36 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news articles that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Walt Disney Co (DIS) (americanbankingnews.com) ‘Dancing With the Stars’ readies Disney Night (orlandosentinel.com) Disney ends work week with The Last Jedi trailer (hmssweblog.wordpress.com) A brief history of every Star Wars trailer ever made (finance.yahoo.com) The ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Trailer Is Just As Cryptic As ‘The Force Awakens’ Trailers (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) traded up 0.14% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $113.20. 6,530,791 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $179.00 billion, a PE ratio of 20.43 and a beta of 1.25. Walt Disney has a one year low of $90.32 and a one year high of $114.25. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $111.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $103.93. Walt Disney also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Traders acquired 2,729 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 133% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,171 call options. Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The entertainment giant reported $1.55 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.48 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $14.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.30 billion. Walt Disney had a net margin of 16.29% and a return on equity of 19.43%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.63 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Walt Disney will post $5.95 EPS for the current year. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Walt Disney from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $115.00 price target on shares of Walt Disney and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. FBR & Co lifted their price target on shares of Walt Disney from $113.00 to $116.00 and gave the company a “mkt perform” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Drexel Hamilton reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Walt Disney in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Walt Disney from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $116.23 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $116.38. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-unlikely-to-effect-walt-disney-dis-stock-price.html. In other news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.50, for a total transaction of $221,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 27,745 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,065,822.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 13.00% of the company’s stock. About Walt Disney The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pattern Energy Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pattern Energy Group (PEGI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.37 Espey Manufacturing & Electronics Corp. (ESP) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Effect Pool (POOL) Stock Price Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sterling Resources Ltd (SLG) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) to Announce $0.41 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate VWR Corp (VWR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.11 Billion Zacks: Analysts Expect Upland Software Inc (UPLD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $20.55 Million Analysts Set Sandstorm Gold Ltd (SSL) PT at $7.64 ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receives News Impact Score of 0.15 Ooma (OOMA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.13 Paypal Holdings (PYPL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Receives $12.86 Average PT from Analysts Analysts Set United Technologies Co. (UTX) Target Price at $116.15 Brokerages Set City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Target Price at $14.63 Analysts Set Centene Corp (CNC) Target Price at $77.40 Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13 Embraer SA (ERJ) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 NVR (NVR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Photronics (PLAB) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.09 Pattern Energy Group (PEGI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.37 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) have been trending positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Pattern Energy Group earned a news sentiment score of 0.37 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about the company an impact score of 85 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on PEGI shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Pattern Energy Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $26.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pattern Energy Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective (down previously from $36.00) on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $21.00 price objective for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $25.29. Shares of Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) traded down 0.66% on Friday, reaching $21.15. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 602,155 shares. The company’s market cap is $1.85 billion. Pattern Energy Group has a 52-week low of $18.68 and a 52-week high of $25.13. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $20.32 and a 200 day moving average of $20.39. Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter. Pattern Energy Group had a positive return on equity of 0.16% and a negative net margin of 7.83%. The company had revenue of $81.06 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.84 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.03 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 10.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Pattern Energy Group will post $0.01 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.4138 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a positive change from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. This represents a $1.66 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 7.83%. Pattern Energy Group’s payout ratio is currently -428.95%. In other news, Director Patricia S. Bellinger purchased 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $19.74 per share, for a total transaction of $59,220.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 17,738 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $350,148.12. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 1.79% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/pattern-energy-group-pegi-earns-news-impact-score-of-0-37.html. Pattern Energy Group Company Profile Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 15 April 2017 Ergen has more options with US$6.2bil spectrum spree NEW YORK: Dish Network Corp spent a surprising US$6.2bil on wireless airwaves in a government auction, a big splurge that did little to address questions about the endgame for billionaire Charlie Ergen’s satellite company. Only T-Mobile US Inc bid more in the auction, spending US$8bil out of the US$19.8bil in total proceeds. Dish’s hefty purchase jolted investors and bedeviled analysts, as the company already sits on one of largest troves of spectrum in the industry – and still doesn’t actually provide a wireless service. It’s anyone’s guess what Ergen will do next: Sell Dish? Become a phone company? Sit and wait? Dish now controls a much more diverse spectrum portfolio that gives Ergen plenty of options. The Englewood, Colorado-based company has airwaves that are ideal for streaming movies as well as maintaining a cellular signal over long distances. It could decide to package the licences together for a sale to wireless carriers or cable companies – or use the frequencies it just bought to fulfill a promise to the Federal Communications Commission by launching a network focused on enabling devices to exchange information. “The big surprise to us was the amount of spectrum that Dish won – US$6.2bil versus our estimate of nothing,” said Marci Ryvicker, an analyst at Wells Fargo & Co, in a note pn Thursday. “Maybe we shouldn’t be that surprised given the attractive pricing and Charlie’s penchant for purchasing spectrum, especially when it’s a deal.” Prices for this auction were significantly lower than a US airwaves sale that ended in 2015 and drew US$44.9bil in bids. The average price per megahertz per US resident was about 90 US cents, compared with US$2.72 in that sale, said Kevin Roe, of Roe Equity Research LLC. Comcast Corp. and AT&T Inc were among the other significant bidders. For years, Dish has been buying spectrum opportunistically, bidding on airwaves at auction and acquiring licences on the cheap from bankrupt satellite companies. Yet the company has never fully articulated a plan for putting those airwaves to use, suggesting Ergen may be interested only in selling the assets for a profit down the road. “Dish is turning itself into a one-stop shop for wireless spectrum with the idea that a firm outside of the telecommunications industry (think internet or tech) could purchase the company and build its way into wireless,” said Phil Cusick, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co, in a note on Thursday. But he called such a deal unlikely. The company has already missed a deadline imposed by the FCC to serve phone-toting consumers using some of those airwaves. To avoid a penalty, the company pledged to deploy a network by 2020. On a recent conference call, Ergen said Dish doesn’t need to seek out a merger with another company to build a service. “Things could change, right? But we certainly believe we can control our own destiny,” Ergen said. Buying more spectrum without clear plans for the future has spooked investors. Dish shares fell 2.5 percent to $62.38 at the close on Thursday in New York. “Wall Street gets nervous because the payoff is uncertain,” said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics LLC. “Charlie is really good at acquiring spectrum but not good at building a network or selling it.” If Ergen does end up selling Dish, who would buy it? Verizon Communications Inc didn’t bid at all in the auction and AT&T Inc acquired nearly US$1bil worth of spectrum, far less than it’s done in the past. This suggests the two largest wireless carriers may not be interested in the spectrum Dish acquired, making an acquisition less likely, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. Closing the gap The airwaves auctioned by the FCC were voluntarily surrendered by TV stations so the frequencies can be repurposed for surging wireless data traffic. Stations are getting US$10bil in payments to go off the air or move to other airwaves. As the top bidder, Bellevue, Washington-based T-Mobile gained ground on AT&T and Verizon in holdings of spectrum in lower frequency bands, which is prized for its ability to penetrate walls and cover wide areas. With the purchase, T-Mobile now owns 41.1 megahertz of spectrum below the 1-gigahertz frequency, compared with 46.2 megahertz for Verizon and 70.5 megahertz for AT&T, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Comcast, which plans to unveil a new wireless service that uses Wi-Fi hotspots and Verizon’s cellular network, bid US$1.7bil on airwaves, much less than expected, according to Macquarie analyst Amy Yong. About a quarter of the investors Yong surveyed thought the cable giant would spend as much as US$6bil. It’s still unclear what Comcast’s spending says about the company’s wireless strategy. By owning spectrum, the cable giant could eventually build its own network and lease or buy additional airwaves to add capacity. But analysts have long speculated that Philadelphia-based Comcast could buy a wireless company and own its network. The company declined to comment, citing government restrictions on what bidders can say about their plans. AT&T’s acquisition of less than US$1bil worth of spectrum means it’ll get a refund of about US$1.4bil from a deposit it had made with the FCC to participate in the auction. The Dallas-based phone carrier will reap rich rewards from operating the first nationwide emergency communications network and thus may not have needed the airwaves as much as others. AT&T declined to comment. Verizon, the largest wireless carrier in the US, and Sprint Corp didn’t bid at all. “By not bidding, Verizon let the other bidders get away with airwaves far more cheaply,” said Entner. Verizon may have steered clear from the auction in part because it’s thinking of buying Dish’s spectrum later, Roe said. “Verizon’s need for more urban capacity makes Dish’s spectrum a natural fit,” he said. Verizon declined to comment. Shares of Verizon, AT&T and Comcast fell less than 1% at the close in New York on Thursday, while T-Mobile rose slightly. Companies that expressed interest in selling frequencies included CBS Corp, Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc and Comcast’s NBC Universal. The FCC said the auction raised US$7.3bil to pay down the national debt, far short of the US$10bil to US$40bil the Congressional Budget Office estimated in 2015. – Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Dish Network Corp digital trend Related Stories You May Be Interested What lies ahead for Ezra in bid to stay afloat? Employers grapple with rising costs and EIS Is the minimalist lifestyle for you? Big monetary policy changes needed to fight ‘lowflation’ Pedalling to save the planet Siew yoke loves briyani Others Also Read Rebels victory a release from stressful week, issues remain Instagram’s Snapchat clone marks 200 million daily users milestone Etihad Airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson Property Related advertisement Latest News Extraordinary man from Middle Kingdom What lies ahead for Ezra in bid to stay afloat? Soros sued by fellow billionaire in $10b mine brawl China's Q1 growth stabilised at 6.8%: AFP poll Uber's revenue hits US$6.5bil in 2016, still has large loss Most Viewed in Business What’s going on in MUI? Is the minimalist lifestyle for you? Soros sued by fellow billionaire in $10b mine brawl Wanted: More high-quality investments Maybank to list Etiqa? SP Setia’s mega acquisition What lies ahead for Ezra in bid to stay afloat? More bond selldown? Nintendo seen releasing mini-size Switch in 2019 Uber's revenue hits US$6.5bil in 2016, still has large loss advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Centurylink Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Centurylink (CTL) Stock Price Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.22 Brokerages Set Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – (ADAP) Target Price at $15.50 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Receives $58.79 Consensus PT from Brokerages Zacks: DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Given $127.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) to Hold Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Effect Icon Plc (ICLR) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Daktronics (DAKT) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Effect Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (RNN) Stock Price Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Professional Diversity Network (IPDN) Share Price Darden Restaurants (DRI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.07 Analysts Set Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) PT at $100.66 Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (GPI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.71 Per Share Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Co Chemours’ (CC) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Centurylink (CTL) Stock Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) have been trending somewhat positive on Friday, according to Alpha One. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Centurylink earned a media sentiment score of 0.15 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media coverage about the company an impact score of 91 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s analysis: Technical Analysis Perspective: Grand Canyon Education, Inc. (LOPE), CenturyLink, Inc. (CTL) – Post Analyst (postanalyst.com) John DeLozier, vice president of CenturyLink Channel Alliances, honored by Channel Partners magazine with 2017 Circle of Excellence award (finance.yahoo.com) BRIEF-CenturyLink says CEO Glen Posttotal 2016 compensation was $13.97 mln (feeds.reuters.com) Stock Seesawing Amidst Rampant Activity: CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL) – The Herald (hiramherald.com) Considerable Mover: CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL), Ocera Therapeutics (NASDAQ:OCRX) – eMarketsDaily (emarketsdaily.com) A number of research analysts recently weighed in on CTL shares. Vetr lowered shares of Centurylink from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.27 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $27.00 price target on shares of Centurylink in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Cowen and Company set a $29.00 price target on shares of Centurylink and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Centurylink from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Centurylink from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $28.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $26.71. Shares of Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) traded down 0.08% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $25.12. 9,958,699 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $23.66 and a 200 day moving average of $24.98. Centurylink has a one year low of $22.33 and a one year high of $33.45. The stock has a market cap of $13.73 billion, a PE ratio of 21.66 and a beta of 0.83. Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.56 by $0.02. Centurylink had a return on equity of 9.58% and a net margin of 3.58%. The firm had revenue of $4.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.32 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.80 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Centurylink will post $2.16 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.54 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $2.16 annualized dividend and a yield of 8.60%. Centurylink’s payout ratio is currently 186.21%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-media-coverage-extremely-likely-to-impact-centurylink-ctl-stock-price.html. About Centurylink CenturyLink, Inc is an integrated communications company. The Company is engaged in providing an array of communications services to its residential and business customers. Its segments include business, which provides strategic, legacy and data integration products and services to small, medium and enterprise business, wholesale and governmental customers, including other communication providers, and consumer, which provides strategic and legacy products and services to residential customers. Receive News & Ratings for Centurylink Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PerkinElmer Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Receives $45.00 Average Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Target Price at $187.00 Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.19 Cabot Corp (CBT) Receives News Impact Score of 0.19 Insider Selling: Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Insider Sells 9,401 Shares of Stock Delano Ladd Sells 1,095 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock Joseph E. Turk, Jr. Sells 1,000 Shares of NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) Stock TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS Brokerages Set Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Target Price at $32.33 Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 PDF Solutions (PDFS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.05 PJT Partners (PJT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.06 SCYNEXIS (SCYX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds MGP Ingredients (MGPI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. (FSNN) Given $3.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Receives $221.08 Consensus PT from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI) to report earnings per share (EPS) of $0.54 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Six analysts have provided estimates for PerkinElmer’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.52 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.58. PerkinElmer reported earnings of $0.56 per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 3.6%. The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report after the market closes on Thursday, May 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that PerkinElmer will report full year earnings of $2.81 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.73 to $2.91. For the next year, analysts forecast that the business will report earnings of $3.12 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.95 to $3.40. Zacks’ EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow PerkinElmer. PKI has been the subject of several research reports. Bank of America Corp lowered shares of PerkinElmer from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target for the company. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of PerkinElmer in a report on Sunday, February 5th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of PerkinElmer from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $55.00 price target on shares of PerkinElmer in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott raised shares of PerkinElmer from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $57.09. In other PerkinElmer news, insider Joel S. Goldberg sold 30,710 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.45, for a total transaction of $1,702,869.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 91,768 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,088,535.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Andrew Okun sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $57.27, for a total transaction of $171,810.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 12,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $712,496.07. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 68,972 shares of company stock valued at $3,789,481 over the last three months. 2.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Sandy Spring Bank raised its position in PerkinElmer by 0.3% in the third quarter. Sandy Spring Bank now owns 42,584 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,389,000 after buying an additional 140 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 1.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 153,373 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,606,000 after buying an additional 1,659 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 98.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 259,078 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,537,000 after buying an additional 128,698 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 65.9% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 111,182 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,239,000 after buying an additional 44,160 shares during the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 2.2% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 96,164 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,397,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares during the last quarter. 89.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/zacks-brokerages-anticipate-perkinelmer-inc-pki-to-post-0-54-earnings-per-share.html. Shares of PerkinElmer (NYSE:PKI) traded down 0.32% on Friday, reaching $56.95. 501,087 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. PerkinElmer has a 1-year low of $45.35 and a 1-year high of $58.40. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $56.48 and its 200-day moving average price is $53.74. The company has a market capitalization of $6.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.75 and a beta of 0.80. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.49%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 11th. PerkinElmer’s payout ratio is 13.15%. PerkinElmer Company Profile PerkinElmer, Inc is a provider of products, services and solutions to the diagnostics, research, environmental, industrial and laboratory services markets. The Company operates through two segments: Discovery & Analytical Solutions and Diagnostics. The Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment serves the environmental, food, industrial, life sciences research and laboratory services markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on PerkinElmer (PKI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Banking & Finance Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Beijing may not accept tighter banking regulation if it dents economic growth  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Banking & Finance FINANCIAL REGULATION Across The Border by Alun John Beijing may not accept tighter banking regulation if it dents economic growth The current regulatory frenzy might slow the economy by pushing up borrowing costs and leaving smaller banks short of funds PUBLISHED : Sunday, 16 April, 2017, 12:07pm UPDATED : Sunday, 16 April, 2017, 2:30pm Comments:   Alun John Share PrintEmail Related topics Regulation Related Articles Banking & Finance Top Chinese banking regulator reported to be ‘out of contact’ 15 Apr 2017 Companies New plan could make it easier for Chinese firms to sell stocks 12 Apr 2017 Banking & Finance Chinese banks urged to tighten risk management 11 Apr 2017 The Chinese banking regulators are currently going through one of their periodic bouts of activity as they look to drive de-leveraging and reduce systemic financial risk. Few doubt that this is a good thing in the long run, but the question remains whether they will be able to keep up the momentum, should stricter enforcement of the rules lead to a short-term decline in economic activity. That, of course, is a question of politics, and not regulation. In the first quarter of this year, the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) imposed fines of 190 million yuan on financial institutions, the regulator revealed last week as it announced a new series of measures to target financial malpractice. These new measures are by no means unique, and last week the Post reported on forthcoming regulations to tackle so called regulatory arbitrage by Chinese banks, just the latest in a stream of new or tightened rules that have come from the CBRC since the former China Construction Bank (CCB) chairman, Guo Shuqing, took the helm in February. “Even though CCB has always been one of the good banks, as a former banker, Guo Shuqing knows what the tricks are,” said Katherine Lei, co-head of banks research for Asia ex-Japan at JP Morgan. The question is, ‘will a GDP growth rate of 6 or 5.5 per cent be considered acceptable?’ Katherine Lei, JP Morgan There has certainly been a string of regulations since Guo took over, even though his organisation has itself come under scrutiny – on Friday, the CBRC’s fifth-highest ranking official Yang Jiacai was reported to be ‘out of contact’. “Various regulators have issued a series of tightening measures intensively since late March, all targeting the reduction of systemic risk, de-leveraging and enhancing governance,” said Becky Liu head of China macro-strategy at Standard Chartered Bank in a note. These rules have come on top of a tighter macro prudential assessment at the end of the first quarter, which for the first time included an adjustment to increase the significance of off-balance sheet wealth management products. The tighter rules are a response to rising concerns about the level of risk in China’s financial system, with the banks’ exposure to wealth management products and other non-standardised assets often seen as a key source of risk, especially for smaller banks. Some banks have a combined loan book and investments that are greater than their deposit base, forcing them to borrow short-term funds from the interbank market to cover longer duration liabilities. Minsheng Bank, Huishang Bank, and China CITIC bank had adjusted loan-to-deposit ratios in excess of 100 per cent in the first half of 2016, according to JP Morgan’s figures, while Fuzhou-based Industrial Bank had an adjusted ratio approaching 160 per cent. The People’s Bank of China has already been raising the cost of borrowing in the interbank market, which analysts have seen as an attempt to warn banks away from risky activities. As such, the attempts to push the banks to acknowledge more of the risk they have on their books must be a good thing, in the long run at least. In the short term however, banks with messy balance sheets will be forced to pay higher costs to borrow in the interbank market as their larger counterparts begin to worry about the risk of such lending. Banks who have to pay more to borrow themselves would presumably pass on these costs by charging higher rates to corporate customers. “This will have an impact on the economy, and will lead to more defaults,” said Lei. “The question is, ‘will a GDP growth rate of 6 or 5.5 per cent be considered acceptable?’” Furthermore, if the regulators require banks to fully acknowledge all risks to which they are exposed, even the ones hidden in off balance sheet liabilities, then a number of the smaller banks may also have insufficient readily available funds to meet their regulatory thresholds. “The question for the authorities is, ‘are you prepared to recapitalise some banks?’” said Lei. Such questions then move from the desks of the regulators to those of the policy makers. A slowdown in economic growth would not be welcome in a year of political transition, though there may come a point where kicking the can down the road is no longer an option. business-article-page More articles by Alun John Taiwan seen closer than China to naming as a currency manipulator 30 Mar 2017 - 12:08am Banks hoping rate rise pace will be ‘just right’ 19 Mar 2017 - 9:25pm Belt, Road could put China banking system under strain: Fitch 31 Jan 2017 - 10:56pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 We’ll thrash United Airlines until we get an apology, say enraged Chinese 2 Huawei chief sees no future for smartwatches 3 Why so many Chinese millennials can afford their own homes 4 Retirees to get up to HK$5,800 a month under HK$10b annuity plan 5 Getting paid to do nothing: an idea that is catching on Shared 1 Huawei chief sees no future for smartwatches 2 We’ll thrash United Airlines until we get an apology, say enraged Chinese 3 Getting paid to do nothing: an idea that is catching on 4 Why so many Chinese millennials can afford their own homes 5 Retirees to get up to HK$5,800 a month under HK$10b annuity plan Commented 1 Five reasons why the US cannot attack North Korea 2 ‘Hong Kong separatism’ on Communist Party security agenda 3 North Korean missile blows up ‘almost immediately’ in test launch 4 Singapore’s City Harvest Church scandal headed for the top court 5 It’s official: The port’s on the way out so let’s get building Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like Post Magazine When capital flight meant a trip to Hong Kong with suitcases of cash 14 Apr 2017 - 6:20pm 3 Household appliances create Greener homes by turning food into fertiliser and monitoring recyclable waste In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Global Economy Can a brash businessman save us from nuclear war? 14 Apr 2017 - 6:32am 4 [SCMP Archive] Greek life in Hong Kong Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Asia North Korea holds massive military parade amid high tension in the region Apr 15th 2017, 5:40pm China It’s not just text … WeChat’s censoring photos too 14 Apr 2017 - 10:13am 8 Insight & Opinion No bite in short-term fixes for house prices 14 Apr 2017 - 2:02am 9 China China’s nuclear get-out clause over defence of North Korea 14 Apr 2017 - 4:59pm 58 World Dragged passenger David Dao begins legal action against United 13 Apr 2017 - 9:26pm 36 China Why is Xi giving Guangdong thumbs-up ahead of power reshuffle? 13 Apr 2017 - 10:46am Hong Kong Hong Kong falls on Asian expat liveability rankings 13 Apr 2017 - 9:48am 53 World Syrian President Bashar al-Assad: We never used our chemical arsenal Apr 13th 2017, 10:39pm South China Morning Post Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Wall Street to hand automakers another problem: tighter credit Bloomberg News | Saturday, April 15, 2017, 11:50 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 3 hours ago On numerous occasions in recent years, the auto industry has relied on cheap and easy credit from Wall Street to get it through rough patches. Not this time. With both bad loans and interest rates on the rise, financial institutions are becoming more selective in doling out credit for new-car purchases, adding to the pressure for automakers already up against the wall with sliding sales, swelling inventories and a used-car glut. “We've been having a party for a few years and it was fun,” said Maryann Keller, an industry consultant in Stamford, Connecticut. “Now lenders are getting back to basics.” Many figure they have to. For one thing, subprime borrowers have been falling behind on their car-loan payments at a rate not seen since just after the 2008 financial crisis. Delinquencies for auto debt of all stripes have been climbing, with the value of those behind for at least 30 days swelling to $23.3 billion in December, a 14 percent jump from a year earlier, according to the Federal Reserve. This helps explain why 10 percent of senior bank-loan officers said they expect to pull back on extending credit to car buyers this year, according to a Fed survey. Expectations are that terms will toughen for loans the vast majority of Americans need to buy new vehicles as the Fed boosts benchmark rates. “There are only so many people wanting a new car and only so much capital available,” said Daniel Parry, chief executive officer of Praxis Finance and co-founder of Exeter Finance, a Blackstone Group-backed subprime lender. “Manufacturers and lenders will have to reset to reduced volume levels.” The reset has already started, with auto sales dipping in each of the first three months of the year. In March, the annualized pace, adjusted for seasonal trends, slowed to 16.6 million from 16.7 million a year earlier, according to Autodata Corp. Analysts had projected it would accelerate to about 17.2 million. Now Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists figure there's only demand for about 15 million per year, they said in an April 4 report. The industry set a record by selling 17.6 million cars and trucks in 2016 and has been on a seven-year growth streak. But General Motors, Ford Motor Co. and others had to pile on discounts and incentives to keep the expansion going, with both their finance arms and third-party lenders giving them a boost with easy credit. “This has come full circle,” Keller, the consultant, said. “We've created an auto market of 17.5 million vehicles based on accommodating credit. There will be consequences.” GM expects used-car prices will fall 7 percent this year, followed by “more normalized” deflation of 2 to 3 percent per year, Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens told analysts recently. GM will still see lending profits grow this year, he said. Declining resale values are an issue of particular importance for leasing, which has been relied on to help consumers afford monthly payments on increasingly expensive new vehicles. When lenders lease vehicles to consumers, they make an assumption about what the car will be worth when it's returned. If vehicles are depreciating more than expected, losses can pile up. Carmakers and lenders may have to begin offering less-attractive terms on new leases. Loan officers are starting to demand bigger down payments or are raising the bar for income or credit scores they're willing to accept. JPMorgan Chase & Co. will “pull back” on auto loans longer than seven years, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said in October. That may help address borrowers owing more on their vehicle than what its worth. Referred to as being “underwater,” those borrowers are rolling over their outstanding balance into an even bigger loans, a problem credit-rating companies have highlighted as a growing risk. Chris Halmy, CEO of Ally Financial Inc., recently told investors it would be “a bit more cautious on the credit side” in 2017 after warning that sinking used-vehicle prices and losses on consumer loans would weigh on profits. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc., a major subprime auto lender, started pulling back after being stung by losses on auto loans made in 2015, executives said in a February investor presentation. Rising delinquencies have surpassed some credit graders' initial forecasts, prompting their analysts to revise expectations for bonds backed by the debt. Lenders are in turn asking borrowers to put more money down, or are tightening criteria to approve new loans or leases, analysts have said. The restraint could cost the industry as many as 175,000 in new-car deliveries this year, according to the National Automobile Dealers Association, or about 1 percent of last year's total. That may not sound like much, but auto companies are fighting for every sale as it is. They can sacrifice profits by subsidizing leases and offering below-market interest rates through their in-house financing arms, or they can accept lower volumes, said Steven Szakaly, chief economist for the dealer trade group NADA. For consumers, the question is how many can continue to afford buying new cars. Wages in the country haven't kept pace with inflation, and the average new-vehicle price, at more than $35,000, is the highest ever. Car shoppers may downgrade their ambitions and pick cheaper models or defer to the used-car market instead. While that's a negative for new-vehicle sales, it could help address a supply gut that's worsening as a record number of leases expire and load up lots with three- or four-year-old cars and trucks. Lenders will stay busy, said Brian Landau, head of the auto business at credit-scoring company TransUnion. “Now a lot of financing companies are focusing on used-vehicle loans.” More Business 'Charging Bull' sculptor faces off with 'Fearless Girl' 28 years ago, a melting glacier in Prince William Sound played a role in Exxon's biggest disaster Tired of daylight saving time, lawmakers look to 'lock the clock' GOP-proposed border tax could spike inflation, hurt seniors, experts warn When is the right time to buy life insurance? TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Pitt spring game notebook: Narduzzi heaps praise on LB Zeise Gorman: Blue Jackets play to hit, Penguins to win Sisters accused of scheming Medicaid out of $1.2 million Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Featured Photography The life of Dan Rooney 1932 - 2017 A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Small Business April 16, 2017 12:01 a.m. Is this the store of the future? Tom Murn's high-tech vending machine Vicki could compete with Amazon Go Matthew Flamm Comments Email Print × Photo: Buck Ennis Murn says the more access you give customers, the more they'll spend. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Small Business Alert Sign up for our FREE weekly Small Business Alert email newsletter. An essential summary of the week's top headlines selected for small businesses. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Law firm merger | Broadway play closes |... The real purpose of Cuomo's free-college-... Is this the store of the future? Trump is a barrier to tourism Considering the needs of nursing moms Most Popular Have taxis finally hit rock bottom? Rare tower set to rise on Upper West Side Six landlords rule over a fading Garment... DNAinfo reporters join Writers Guild Brooklyn and Queens home sales set records Related News Emotions run high as unhappy drivers pack TLC hearing After a troubled childhood, a high school dropout gets sweet redemption Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make the Cosmos the kings of New York soccer? Major League Soccer, not team owners, sets players' pay Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Q1 GDP Estimates Tumble: Goldman, Atlanta Fed Cut To 1.8%, JPM At 1.5%, Bank Of America Sees Only 1.3% Q1 GDP Estimates Tumble: Goldman, Atlanta Fed Cut To 1.8%, JPM At 1.5%, Bank Of America Sees Only 1.3% Wednesday, 1 March 2017 With the Fed telegraphing an imminent rate hike, one which together with the "tempered" Trump speech has once again unleashed the reflation trade, and sent the Dow Jones soaring above 21,000, it appears the Federal Reserve will be hiking in a quarter in which GDP comes in in the mid 1%-range. The reason: while "soft data" - which is important to animal spirits if not actual economic output - continues to surge as shown most recently by today's Manufacturing ISM survey, the "hard data", that which actually matters to the economy, is still disappointing. On Wednesday morning, this divergence was noticed by the Atlanta Fed, which after forecasting Q1 GDP as high as 3.4% one month ago, revised its forecast sharply lower and moments ago reported that *its GDPNow model forecast for real GDP growth in the first quarter of 2017 is 1.8 percent on March 1, down from 2.5 percent on February 27*. The forecast for first-quarter real personal consumption expenditures growth fell from 2.8 percent to 2.1 percent after this morning's personal income and outlays release from the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. According to the "beancount" breakdown of details, this is what the Atlanta Fed sees as of this moment: PCE contribution est. at 1.44% · Nonresidential equipment investment contribution est. at 0.50% · Nonresidential intellectual property products Investment contribution est. at 0.21% · Nonresidential structures investment contribution est. at 0.18% · Residential investment contribution est. at 0.54% · Government contribution est. at -0.10% · Net exports contribution est. at -0.47% · Change in inventory investment contribution est. at -0.52% * * * What crushed the Atlanta Fed's recent exuberant optimism? Perhaps it was a similar cut to GDP forecasts unveiled earlier today by Goldman Sachs,  which now likewise expects Q1 GDP of 1.8%, down from 2.1% previously. The reason: disappointing data in both consumer spending and residential investment, to wit: Personal income rose 0.4% (mom) in January, slightly above consensus expectations for a 0.3% rise. Nominal wage and salary incomes increased by 0.4% (mom), *but real disposable personal income fell -0.2%. *Consumer spending increased by 0.2% in nominal terms – below expectations – and fell 0.3% adjusted for inflation. The personal saving rate edged up to 5.5% from 5.4% previously. The core PCE price index (excluding food and energy) increased 0.30% month-over-month and rose to 1.74% year-over-year, rounding down to +1.7%. *This result was very slightly below our expectations, reflecting a 3bp miss on the mom change and yesterday’s small downward revision to core PCE inflation for Q4. *Headline PCE inflation firmed but also a touch less than expected, rising 0.43% mom and 1.89% yoy. *Construction spending edged down by 1.0% (mom) in January, against consensus expectations for an increase (+0.6%).* January construction spending showed an increase in private residential investment (+0.5%) *that was offset by softer public residential (-15.1%) and nonresidential (-4.7%) spending and flat private nonresidential building*. *Total public spending is now 9% lower than a year ago, driven by declines in public spending on residential construction (-16.3%) and infrastructure-related categories*, including power (-28.8%), sewage and waste (-27.3%), transportation (-11.7%) and highways (-10.1%). Goldman's conclusion: "*Following this morning's data we have lowered our tracking estimate for Q1 GDP growth by three tenths to +1.8%, primarily due to weaker-than-expected real consumer spending for January*." * * * JPMorgan was not far behind, and the bank similarly cut its 1Q GDP forecast to 1.5% from 2.0%, tied to “weak” January real consumer spending, which declined 0.3% in the month, economist Michael Feroli wrote in in note.  He maintained his call for Fed’s next rate hike to come in May, with March meeting used to signal the move. “The market is clearly giving the Fed a free pass to hike two weeks from today. However, in doing so the Fed would be opening the door to possibly hiking as many as four times this year"; unlikely Yellen wants to go that route * * * And then there was Bank of America, which first cut its 1.8% GDP estimate coming into today to 1.4% following the poor consumer spending data, then took another 0.1% off the number after the plunge in construction spending. Real consumption contracted 0.3% mom in January, missing consensus expectations of  -0.1% and our expectations of 0.1%. While retail sales were strong during the month, auto sales saw a large payback after reaching a cyclical high in December. Utilities consumption was also very weak amid above-average temperatures in the US. On balance, these data chopped 0.4pp from 1Q GDP tracking, bringing us down to 1.4%. And then this: Construction spending declined 1.0% mom in January, owing largely to a 5.0% plunge in public spending. Private spending was up 0.4% mom, as residential spending grew 0.5%. Meanwhile, private nonresidential spending was unchanged.  *The disappointing January data nudged 1Q GDP tracking 0.1pp lower, leaving us at 1.3%. *Meanwhile, the revisions did not move the needle for 4Q, which remains at 1.9%. Table 1 provides a breakout for the composition of growth, with changes to tracking highlighted. Assuming the two banks (and their other peers who similarly have slashed their GDP forecasts), and the regional Fed are right, and Q1 GDP prints around 1.5%, this will be worst quarter since Q1-Q2 2016, when rate hike odds for the "data dependent" Fed were effectively non-existent, making one wonder just what data is the Fed looking at this time around? » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Markets Watch Live: Violent Clashes Break Out Between Pro And Anti-Trump Protesters In BERKELEY Hypocrite: CIA Director Who Delighted in Wikileaks DNC Release Threatens JULIAN ASSANGE India Claims 500 Pakistanis (Protecting ISIS) Killed In "Treasonous" US Bombing In AFGHANISTAN 60 Casualties Reported After Blast Hits Evacuee Bus Convoy Near ALEPPO Pope Speaks Of Humanity's Shame And Confident Hope In GOOD FRIDAY Speech Internet Star APRIL THE GIRAFFE Gives Birth Why FIAT CHRYSLER AUTOMOBILES Created the Insane 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon Apple, Inc. Is Pushing Ahead With Testing Self-DRIVING CARS STAR WARS' New Female Character Plays Major Role In The Last Jedi Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Mike Pence Lewis Hamilton Mary Magdalene Current Topics Tax Returns South Korea Emma Morano Tax March Berkeley Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Why Russia Won't Be Attending This Year's Eurovision - And Why It's a Very Big Deal Will This Invention Destroy The Water Bottle? Why Is This Burger King Commercial Causing So Many Complaints? MTV Film And TV Awards Set To Go Gender-Neutral Which Country Just Banned UBER This Week? MOVIE REVIEW: Ghost in the Shell This Cuban Wine Is Being 'Protected'.. And Not In The Way You'd Imagine! MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Democrats vs. Trump TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Markets Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Business Apr 12 2017, 3:50 pm ET Stocks Fall, Rattled by Trump Saying Dollar Getting ‘Too Strong’ by Fred Imbert, CNBC Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement U.S. equities fell on Wednesday as investors assessed the geopolitical landscape. The dollar hit a session low after President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal he thought the currency was "getting too strong." As the safe-haven trade continued Wednesday, the 2-year yield fell to session lows around 1.22 percent, while the 10-year yield traded below the psychologically key 2.30 percent level. "Nothing seems to be happening or not happening as fast as people would like it to happen," said Peter Coleman, head trader at Convergex. Other traditional safe-haven assets rose, building on gains from Tuesday' session. Gold futures for June delivery rose $3.90 to settle at $1,275.50 per barrel, while the dollar hit its lowest level since November against the Japanese yen. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 15.6. "There's a lot of uncertainty that's really hard to model. That's why you're seeing this give-and-take [in stocks] and the uptick in volatility," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA Research. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visited Moscow on Wednesday and received a barrage of criticism from several Russian officials. Tillerson said in a news conference Wednesday that U.S.-Russia relations are at a "low point" and need to improve. "The world's two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship," Tillerson said. All that said, stocks have held their ground this week. The three major indexes are just marginally lower for the week. "We are concerned about Syria and Russia, ... but at the same time we have a very resilient market," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "That could change if one of these geopolitical hotspots heats up, and there's no way to fully price that in." Geopolitical tensions have been brewing ahead of a highly anticipated earnings seasons. Earnings are expected to have grown around 10 percent in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. Sales, meanwhile, are expected to have grown the most since 2011. JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup are scheduled to report Thursday morning. Delta Air Lines, meanwhile, posted better-than-expected results, sending its stock higher in the premarket. Investors were also trying to get a sense of the Trump administration's priorities. President Donald Trump said in an interview with Fox Business on Wednesday he wants to tackle health care reform before implementing new tax policy. "I have to do healthcare first, I want to do it first to really do it right," Trump said. Stocks rallied after Trump was elected in part because of the prospects of lower taxes, deregulation and fiscal policy. "The market has known this for a while. He didn't say anything new," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "The question is how far along health care is, because depending on what they get done there, they'll know what kind of tax reform they can get." Financials were among the worst decliners as U.S. Treasury yields fell. The SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF (KRE) was last trading about 1 percent lower. The financials led the post-election market rally on promises of pro-growth policies but were trading lower for the year so far on Wednesday. Boeing and Goldman Sachs had the greatest negative impact on the Dow, which fell more than 50 points below its 50-day moving average, a level it has not closed under since Nov. 7. The S&P 500 also fell below its 50-day moving average with materials and industrials the worst performers. The index was also on track to close below its 50-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 8. The Nasdaq composite dropped 0.4 percent. Crude oil prices struggled for gains and last traded 0.41 percent lower near $53.20 a barrel after the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported a slightly larger-than-expected drawdown of 2.17 million barrels. Fred Imbert, CNBC Email Topic Markets First Published Apr 12 2017, 3:50 pm ET Next Story As More and More Red Flags Go Up, Is Wall Street About to Start a Slide? advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Yext IPO prices raises $115.5 mln April 13, 2017 By Luisa Beltran Follow @LuisaRBeltran Yext Inc’s IPO has priced at 10.5 million share at $11 each, above its expected $8 to $10 price range. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and RBC Capital Markets are acting as the bookrunners for the IPO. Yext is expected to trade April 13 on the NYSE under the ticker, “YEXT.” PRESS RELEASE Yext, Inc. (NYSE: YEXT), the Knowledge Engine provider, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 10,500,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $11.00 per share. The shares are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on April 13, 2017, under the symbol “YEXT,” and the offering is expected to close on April 19, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Yext, Inc. has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,575,000 shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan and RBC Capital Markets are acting as the bookrunners for the offering. Pacific Crest Securities, a division of KeyBanc Capital Markets, and Piper Jaffray are acting as co-managers. This offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 1-866- 803-9204, or email: [email protected] ; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention Equity Syndicate, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281-8098, or by telephone at (877) 822-4089 or by email [email protected] A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Barings, Coller Capital, HP Enterprise are hiring by Eamon Murphy Blackstone agrees to hand over Jack Wolfskin to lenders: Reuters by Reuters News Aspen Skiing, KSL Capital to buy Intrawest Resorts for $1.5 bln by Luisa Beltran Arlington Capital Advisors taps Kraus as MD by Iris Dorbian VC-backed StartUp Health recruits ex-GE Capital MD as CFO by Iris Dorbian Accel-KKR sells Abila to Community Brands by Iris Dorbian PE HUB First Read by Iris Dorbian One Rock racks up $964 mln for sophomore fund by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 67° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 67° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business April 13, 2017 4:12 PM Markets Right Now: Stocks slide, led by energy companies The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Energy stocks led a broad decline on Wall Street, giving the market its third loss in a row. Financial stocks also dropped Thursday. Wells Fargo gave up 3.3 percent after Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway said it was selling some of its stake for regulatory reasons. Pier 1 Imports plunged 9 percent after reporting disappointing sales. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 15 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,328. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 138 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,453. The Nasdaq composite gave up 31 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,805. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index lost 13 points, or 1 percent, to 1,345. U.S. markets will be closed Friday for the Good Friday holiday. ___ 11:45 a.m. U.S. stock indexes are wavering between small gains and losses in midday trading as investors size up earnings from several major banks and new economic data. Technology stocks led the gainers Thursday, while energy companies were down the most. Microsoft rose 0.6 percent, while Exxon Mobil fell 0.9 percent. Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase rose after reporting solid earnings. Pier 1 Imports plunged 10 percent after reporting disappointing sales. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 1 point to 2,346. The Dow Jones industrial average was little changed at 20,591. The Nasdaq composite rose 12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,849. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Trading was light. U.S. markets will be closed Friday for the Good Friday holiday. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are opening modestly lower on Wall Street, led by declines in banks and energy companies. Wells Fargo sank 2.5 percent early Thursday, despite a solid earnings report, following news that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is selling some of its stake in the bank to avoid coming under additional regulatory scrutiny. Pier 1 Imports dropped 8.6 percent after reporting disappointing sales. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,341. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 31 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,566. The Nasdaq composite declined 4 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,831. U.S. markets will be closed Friday for the Good Friday holiday. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:03 4 days ago Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 8 days ago RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 13 days ago Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools View More Video Business Tax Day demonstrators demand Trump release taxes DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts Interest grows in YWCA's community garden in Corpus Christi Fiery U-boat attack created spectacle 75 years ago Saving Florida's landscape Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Takes Position in Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Wyg Plc (WYG) Receives Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Acquires Shares of 11,710 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) 34,118 Shares in Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Acquired by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $704,000 Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Bank of Montreal Can Acquires 158,114 Shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Gradient Investments LLC Acquires 6,343 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY) Gradient Investments LLC Has $6.107 Million Position in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Position Increased by Bank of Montreal Can Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Position Cut by Gradient Investments LLC Pieris Pharmaceuticals (PIRS) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.12 Gradient Investments LLC Buys Shares of 15,160 Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can $87.93 Million in Sales Expected for Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) This Quarter Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Stock Price Zacks: Brokerages Expect Kroger Co (KR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $35.48 Billion Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Robert Walters PLC (RWA) Receives “Add” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Has $704,000 Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. cut its stake in shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) by 25.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,410 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,140 shares during the period. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd.’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $704,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in ROP. Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 126.2% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 647 shares of the company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 361 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC bought a new stake in Roper Technologies during the third quarter worth about $127,000. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 16.7% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 699 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the period. Finally, Trust Co bought a new stake in Roper Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $206,000. Institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) traded up 0.37% during trading on Thursday, hitting $206.23. 68,747 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $209.26 and a 200 day moving average price of $190.49. Roper Technologies Inc has a 1-year low of $159.28 and a 1-year high of $214.44. The firm has a market capitalization of $21.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 32.07 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $1.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.84 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.01 billion. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 17.38% and a return on equity of 11.97%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.82 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Roper Technologies Inc will post $9.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.68%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is currently 21.77%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/daiwa-sb-investments-ltd-has-704000-position-in-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. A number of research firms recently issued reports on ROP. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $245.00 price objective on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $221.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Roper Technologies to an “outperform” rating and set a $225.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $214.56. In other news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total transaction of $535,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 63,904 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $13,692,071.04. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 2.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Roper Technologies Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP). Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Servicesource International (SREV) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Analysts Set Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Target Price at $91.43 Kraft Heinz (KHC) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.30 National Holdings (NHLD) Getting Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports NCI (NCIT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Nexvet Biopharma plc (NVET) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.28 Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund (LAQ) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 $0.47 EPS Expected for Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) This Quarter Analysts Expect Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $596.47 Million Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.54 Per Share Hilltop Holdings (HTH) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Study Shows Brokerages Expect Discover Financial Services (DFS) to Post $1.43 Earnings Per Share SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Forecasted to Post Q2 2018 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Ethan Allen Interiors (ETH) Share Price Imperial Oil (IMO) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.71 Per Share Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Virtusa Co. Reduced by Wedbush (VRTU) Brokerages Anticipate Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) to Post $0.58 Earnings Per Share Tortoise Power & Energy Infrstrct Fd (TPZ) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Spirit Realty Capital (SRC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) have been trending positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Spirit Realty Capital earned a news impact score of 0.28 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the real estate investment trust an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the news articles that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s scoring: Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Spirit Realty, L.P. Commence Exchange Offer of Spirit Realty, L.P.’s 4.450% Notes due 2026 for Registered Notes (finance.yahoo.com) Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) $0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call (finance.yahoo.com) Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : SRC-US : April 12, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) traded down 0.96% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $10.35. 8,124,477 shares of the stock were exchanged. Spirit Realty Capital has a 12 month low of $9.83 and a 12 month high of $13.97. The stock has a market cap of $5.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.24 and a beta of 0.52. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $10.38 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.03. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.08 by $0.13. Spirit Realty Capital had a return on equity of 3.17% and a net margin of 16.77%. The business earned $173.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $162.91 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.22 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.33 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 6.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. Spirit Realty Capital’s dividend payout ratio is presently 288.00%. Several research firms have recently issued reports on SRC. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Spirit Realty Capital in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. TheStreet cut shares of Spirit Realty Capital from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Spirit Realty Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. FBR & Co began coverage on shares of Spirit Realty Capital in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $13.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Spirit Realty Capital in a research report on Friday, December 16th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $13.00 price objective on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.78. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/spirit-realty-capital-src-receives-daily-news-sentiment-score-of-0-28.html. Spirit Realty Capital Company Profile Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Texas contractor skips out on Baton Rouge home repairs WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent 2017-04-14T18:33:28Z2017-04-14T18:33:28Z By MARTIN CRUTSINGER AP Economics Writer WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Tax Day demonstrators demand Trump release taxes Tax Day demonstrators demand Trump release taxes Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:55:19 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:55:19 GMT Thousands of sign-waving, chanting protesters have marched through streets across America demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns.More >> Thousands of sign-waving, chanting protesters have marched through streets across America demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns.More >> Anguish, sympathy for Heap after ex-NFL player's kid killed Anguish, sympathy for Heap after ex-NFL player's kid killed Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:52:46 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:54:49 GMT Condolences are pouring in for retired NFL player Todd Heap and his family after police say the former Pro Bowl tight end accidentally ran over his 3-year-old daughter with a truck, killing her.More >> Condolences are pouring in for retired NFL player Todd Heap and his family after police say the former Pro Bowl tight end accidentally ran over his 3-year-old daughter with a truck, killing her.More >> DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:50 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:50 GMT Officials say DNA evidence has led to the arrest of the man who they say killed a New York woman who was jogging near mother's Massachusetts home last summer.More >> Officials say DNA evidence has led to the arrest of the man who they say killed a New York woman who was jogging near mother's Massachusetts home last summer.More >> Judge halts Arkansas plan to execute 8 inmates in 11 days Judge halts Arkansas plan to execute 8 inmates in 11 days Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:46 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:46 GMT Arkansas' already compromised plan to put eight men to death over 11 days is in limbo.More >> Arkansas' already compromised plan to put eight men to death over 11 days is in limbo.More >> Anti-Trump sentiment, ad blitz motivate Georgia voters Anti-Trump sentiment, ad blitz motivate Georgia voters Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:37 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:37 GMT Republicans in Georgia's conservative 6th district don't agree which of their party's 11 candidates should represent the area in Congress.More >> Republicans in Georgia's conservative 6th district don't agree which of their party's 11 candidates should represent the area in Congress.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> At first, Vegas tourist thought fire part of Bellagio show At first, Vegas tourist thought fire part of Bellagio show A tourist wondered at first if the flames he saw whipping across the roof of a Bellagio resort shopping complex were part of the iconic dancing fountain show on the Las Vegas Strip More >> A tourist wondered at first if the flames he saw whipping across the roof of a Bellagio resort shopping complex were part of the iconic dancing fountain show on the Las Vegas StripMore >> Afghanistan says massive US bomb killed 36 militants Afghanistan says massive US bomb killed 36 militants The biggest non-nuclear bomb ever dropped in combat by the U.S. military killed 36 militants in eastern Afghanistan, officials say, with villagers in the remote, mountainous area describing being terrified by the "earsplitting blast." More >> The biggest non-nuclear bomb ever dropped in combat by the U.S. military killed 36 militants in eastern Afghanistan, officials say, with villagers in the remote, mountainous area describing being terrified by the "earsplitting blast."More >> Afghanistan: Massive US bomb kills 36 Islamic State fighters Afghanistan: Massive US bomb kills 36 Islamic State fighters Afghan officials say 36 fighters with the Islamic State group were killed in a U.S. attack on a tunnel complex in a remote eastern part of the country, near the Pakistan border More >> Afghan officials say 36 fighters with the Islamic State group were killed in a U.S. attack on a tunnel complex in a remote eastern part of the country, near the Pakistan borderMore >> US hit IS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used US hit IS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used U.S. forces in Afghanistan struck an Islamic State tunnel complex in Afghanistan with "the mother of all bombs," the largest non-nuclear weapon every used in combat by the U.S. military More >> U.S. forces in Afghanistan struck an Islamic State tunnel complex in Afghanistan with "the mother of all bombs," the largest non-nuclear weapon every used in combat by the U.S. militaryMore >> Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals may reflect experience Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals may reflect experience President Donald Trump is abruptly reversing himself on key issues More >> President Donald Trump is abruptly reversing himself on key issuesMore >> Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teeth More >> A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teethMore >> Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teeth More >> A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teethMore >> Trump says US-Russia relations may be at "all-time low" Trump says US-Russia relations may be at "all-time low" President Donald Trump said Wednesday that U.S. relations with Russia "may be at an all-time low" as he moved ever further away from his campaign promises to establish better ties with Moscow More >> President Donald Trump said Wednesday that U.S. relations with Russia "may be at an all-time low" as he moved ever further away from his campaign promises to establish better ties with MoscowMore >> Ready, aim, visit: American Revolution Museum at attention Ready, aim, visit: American Revolution Museum at attention With muskets polished, flags aloft and one very commanding tent in place, Philadelphia's Museum of the American Revolution is at the ready More >> With muskets polished, flags aloft and one very commanding tent in place, Philadelphia's Museum of the American Revolution is at the readyMore >> During border visit, Sessions outlines immigration plan During border visit, Sessions outlines immigration plan Attorney General Jeff Sessions toured the U.S.-Mexico border and unveiled what he described as a new get-tough approach to immigration prosecutions under President Donald Trump More >> Attorney General Jeff Sessions toured the U.S.-Mexico border and unveiled what he described as a new get-tough approach to immigration prosecutions under President Donald TrumpMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sunday, April 16, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search × A peek at the perks mega-donors get Chicago's Best Places to Work 2017 Railroads prepare for freight volumes to rise How chummy are corporate Chicago boards today? Creating a good workplace is not rocket surgery Should Chicago Community Trust boost its public profile? The frightening new frontier for hackers: Your medical records Why Navistar could become a VW subsidiary For Dem governor hopefuls, it's three primaries in one Even in this budget basket case, we can't get honest talk on taxes × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics Andy Shaw City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Shaw on Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move April 15, 2017 By Steve Daniels Bad credit card loans begin to creep up at Discover The company with the card that pays you back is starting to have to worry more about whether you'll pay them back. Discover Financial Services is seeing its loan charge-offs move ... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Legg Mason Inc (LM) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Rogers Communications Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (RCI) Integrated Wealth Management Raises Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC $0.62 EPS Expected for Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) This Quarter First Data Corp (FDC) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.22 Per Share Franks International NV (FI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.12 Per Share -$0.41 EPS Expected for Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (EKSO) This Quarter Bitauto Hldg (BITA) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Effect BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Stock Price Biogen (BIIB) Receives News Impact Score of 0.15 Beazer Homes USA (BZH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Bought by American National Bank BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $2.458 Million Stake in General Motors Company (GM) Atria Investments LLC Boosts Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Stake in Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Stake Decreased by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $445,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Integrated Wealth Management Raises Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Integrated Wealth Management boosted its stake in BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) by 1.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 4,005 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 43 shares during the period. Integrated Wealth Management’s holdings in BlackRock were worth $1,536,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Atria Investments LLC boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 90.4% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 4,155 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,594,000 after buying an additional 1,973 shares during the period. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 0.6% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 487 shares of the company’s stock valued at $187,000 after buying an additional 3 shares during the period. TNB Financial purchased a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the first quarter valued at about $332,000. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 7.1% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 450 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Finally, First National Bank of Omaha boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 2.4% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Omaha now owns 30,922 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,859,000 after buying an additional 734 shares during the period. 80.82% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) traded down 0.64% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $379.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 366,678 shares. BlackRock, Inc. has a 52 week low of $317.60 and a 52 week high of $399.46. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $383.90 and a 200-day moving average price of $374.60. The stock has a market capitalization of $61.82 billion, a PE ratio of 19.91 and a beta of 1.72. WARNING: “Integrated Wealth Management Raises Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/integrated-wealth-management-raises-stake-in-blackrock-inc-blk.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on BLK. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on BlackRock from $447.00 to $449.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Saturday, March 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $464.00 target price on shares of BlackRock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc lifted their target price on BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $409.36. In related news, CFO Gary Shedlin sold 2,417 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $375.00, for a total value of $906,375.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider J. Richard Kushel sold 8,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $374.92, for a total transaction of $3,214,189.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 26,614 shares of company stock worth $10,014,028. Corporate insiders own 2.20% of the company’s stock. BlackRock Company Profile BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK). Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BLB&B Advisors LLC Has $589,000 Position in Fortive Corp (FTV) Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Buys 3,063 Shares of Aqua America Inc (WTR) PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Stake Increased by First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Raises Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Legg Mason Inc (LM) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Rogers Communications Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (RCI) Integrated Wealth Management Raises Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC $0.62 EPS Expected for Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) This Quarter First Data Corp (FDC) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.22 Per Share Franks International NV (FI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.12 Per Share -$0.41 EPS Expected for Ekso Bionics Holdings, Inc. (EKSO) This Quarter Bitauto Hldg (BITA) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Effect BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Stock Price Biogen (BIIB) Receives News Impact Score of 0.15 Beazer Homes USA (BZH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Bought by American National Bank BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $2.458 Million Stake in General Motors Company (GM) Atria Investments LLC Boosts Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC BLB&B Advisors LLC Has $589,000 Position in Fortive Corp (FTV) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BLB&B Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) by 18.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 9,786 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,520 shares during the period. BLB&B Advisors LLC’s holdings in Fortive Corp were worth $589,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in Fortive Corp by 0.4% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,991 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 7 shares in the last quarter. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN bought a new stake in Fortive Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $124,000. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC raised its stake in Fortive Corp by 201.4% in the first quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 2,670 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 1,784 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Fortive Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $166,000. Finally, Capital Guardian Trust Co. raised its stake in Fortive Corp by 6.4% in the fourth quarter. Capital Guardian Trust Co. now owns 3,748 shares of the company’s stock worth $201,000 after buying an additional 226 shares in the last quarter. 77.18% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) traded down 0.28% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $60.33. The stock had a trading volume of 1,215,355 shares. Fortive Corp has a one year low of $46.29 and a one year high of $61.11. The company has a market cap of $20.87 billion and a P/E ratio of 24.04. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $59.16 and a 200-day moving average of $54.90. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.68 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.01. The company earned $1.63 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.61 billion. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Fortive Corp will post $2.69 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Friday, May 26th will be paid a $0.07 dividend. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.46%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/blbb-advisors-llc-has-589000-position-in-fortive-corp-ftv.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on FTV. SunTrust Banks, Inc. raised Fortive Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price target for the company from $56.00 to $66.00 in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Fortive Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. began coverage on Fortive Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Finally, William Blair reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Fortive Corp in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $57.93. Fortive Corp Company Profile Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FTV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV). Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Co. PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Bought by American National Bank BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $2.458 Million Stake in General Motors Company (GM) Atria Investments LLC Boosts Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Stake in Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Stake Decreased by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $445,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Ingredion Inc (INGR) Stake Boosted by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC National Bank Financial Weighs in on TransAlta Renewables Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RNW) Brokerages Anticipate Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Will Post Earnings of -$0.25 Per Share Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.50 Per Share Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Stake Decreased by AMI Asset Management Corp North American Management Corp Boosts Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Woodward Inc (WWD) Position Boosted by Parametrica Management Ltd Parametrica Management Ltd Purchases New Stake in Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Cardan Capital Partners LLC Has $3.188 Million Stake in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Private Bank & Trust Co. Lowers Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Black Hills Corp (BKH) Stock Price Prospera Financial Services Inc Has $1.382 Million Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Boosted by Atria Investments LLC April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Atria Investments LLC increased its position in Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) by 31.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 32,685 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 7,849 shares during the period. Atria Investments LLC’s holdings in Eaton Co., PLC were worth $2,424,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of ETN. James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter worth $13,004,000. Apriem Advisors increased its position in Eaton Co., PLC by 1.3% in the third quarter. Apriem Advisors now owns 92,971 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,109,000 after buying an additional 1,155 shares in the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC increased its position in Eaton Co., PLC by 4.5% in the third quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC now owns 5,094,649 shares of the company’s stock worth $334,769,000 after buying an additional 217,175 shares in the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its position in Eaton Co., PLC by 2.7% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 513,848 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,756,000 after buying an additional 13,421 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in Eaton Co., PLC during the fourth quarter worth $74,118,000. 73.55% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) traded down 0.98% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $73.51. 1,405,817 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $33.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.46 and a beta of 1.32. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $73.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $68.56. Eaton Co., PLC has a 1-year low of $54.30 and a 1-year high of $76.39. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.12 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.02. The company earned $4.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.91 billion. Eaton Co., PLC had a net margin of 9.73% and a return on equity of 12.56%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.17 EPS. Analysts predict that Eaton Co., PLC will post $4.45 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a dividend of $0.60 per share. This is a positive change from Eaton Co., PLC’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.26%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. Eaton Co., PLC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.03%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/eaton-co-plc-etn-stake-boosted-by-atria-investments-llc.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on ETN shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Eaton Co., PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Royal Bank of Canada set a $67.00 price target on shares of Eaton Co., PLC and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. Vertical Research downgraded shares of Eaton Co., PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Eaton Co., PLC from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $75.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Eaton Co., PLC has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $73.93. In other Eaton Co., PLC news, SVP Thomas E. Moran sold 3,470 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.13, for a total transaction of $250,291.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 10,668 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $769,482.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Deborah L. Mccoy sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.19, for a total transaction of $360,950.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,936 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,882,979.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.80% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Eaton Co., PLC Company Profile Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ETN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN). Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Co. PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Bought by American National Bank BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $2.458 Million Stake in General Motors Company (GM) Atria Investments LLC Boosts Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Increases Stake in Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Stake Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Stake Decreased by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Has $445,000 Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Ingredion Inc (INGR) Stake Boosted by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC National Bank Financial Weighs in on TransAlta Renewables Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RNW) Brokerages Anticipate Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Will Post Earnings of -$0.25 Per Share Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.50 Per Share Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Stake Decreased by AMI Asset Management Corp North American Management Corp Boosts Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Woodward Inc (WWD) Position Boosted by Parametrica Management Ltd Parametrica Management Ltd Purchases New Stake in Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Cardan Capital Partners LLC Has $3.188 Million Stake in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Private Bank & Trust Co. Lowers Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Black Hills Corp (BKH) Stock Price Prospera Financial Services Inc Has $1.382 Million Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Bought by American National Bank April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American National Bank raised its position in shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 87.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 167,736 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 78,070 shares during the period. AFLAC comprises approximately 3.7% of American National Bank’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 3rd largest position. American National Bank’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $11,924,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of AFLAC during the fourth quarter valued at $1,454,272,000. Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its stake in shares of AFLAC by 2.0% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 6,796,905 shares of the company’s stock valued at $488,494,000 after buying an additional 131,005 shares in the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of AFLAC by 75.7% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 4,217,298 shares of the company’s stock valued at $293,524,000 after buying an additional 1,817,630 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of AFLAC by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,677,532 shares of the company’s stock valued at $186,369,000 after buying an additional 103,950 shares in the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.48% during trading on Friday, hitting $73.00. The stock had a trading volume of 1,505,940 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $72.32 and a 200 day moving average of $70.85. The company has a market cap of $29.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.37 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC Incorporated has a 52 week low of $66.42 and a 52 week high of $74.50. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.54 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.09. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.56 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.41 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Bought by American National Bank” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/aflac-incorporated-afl-shares-bought-by-american-national-bank.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Bank of America Corp raised AFLAC from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $75.00 to $78.00 in a report on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price objective for the company. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.61. In related news, Director Robert B. Johnson sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.92, for a total value of $141,840.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 19,281 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,367,408.52. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Hiroshi Yamauchi sold 19,850 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.00, for a total value of $1,409,350.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 93,594 shares in the company, valued at $6,645,174. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock worth $3,760,333 over the last ninety days. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SYSCO Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cohen Klingenstein LLC Acquires Shares of 5,151 Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Gierl Augustine Investment Management Inc Has $156,000 Stake in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) 6,994 Shares in Steris PLC (STE) Acquired by Private Trust Co. NA Hall Laurie J Trustee Has $1,871,000 Position in SYSCO Co. (SYY) Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Shares Sold by Salem Capital Management Inc. Cohen Klingenstein LLC Holds Stake in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) 5,836 Shares in Aetna Inc (AET) Acquired by Private Trust Co. NA Private Trust Co. NA Buys Shares of 10,973 Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Private Trust Co. NA Raises Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Liberty Property Trust Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.46 Per Share (LPT) SPDR KBW Regional Banking Sees Unusually High Options Volume (KRE) Aac Technologies H (AACAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.54 Per Share Analysts Expect Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Will Announce Earnings of $1.04 Per Share BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Blue Earth (BBLU) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Bay Bancorp (BYBK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Cimpress NV (CMPR) Receives News Impact Score of 0.29 TNB Financial Acquires Shares of 2,865 Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) 3,440 Shares in Clorox Co (CLX) Acquired by TNB Financial Hall Laurie J Trustee Has $1,871,000 Position in SYSCO Co. (SYY) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hall Laurie J Trustee continued to hold its stake in SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 36,285 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. SYSCO accounts for approximately 1.2% of Hall Laurie J Trustee’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 23rd largest position. Hall Laurie J Trustee’s holdings in SYSCO were worth $1,871,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in SYSCO by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 26,888,052 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,488,783,000 after buying an additional 70,381 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in SYSCO by 1.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 14,022,199 shares of the company’s stock worth $687,228,000 after buying an additional 230,698 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in SYSCO by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 10,548,954 shares of the company’s stock worth $517,004,000 after buying an additional 487,395 shares during the last quarter. Parnassus Investments CA raised its stake in SYSCO by 7.0% in the third quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 9,487,424 shares of the company’s stock worth $464,979,000 after buying an additional 618,094 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in SYSCO by 28.5% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 7,721,809 shares of the company’s stock worth $378,440,000 after buying an additional 1,713,004 shares during the last quarter. 77.50% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY) traded down 0.59% on Friday, reaching $51.90. 1,503,882 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $52.25 and a 200 day moving average of $52.30. SYSCO Co. has a 12 month low of $45.19 and a 12 month high of $57.07. The stock has a market capitalization of $28.04 billion, a PE ratio of 28.30 and a beta of 0.52. SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) last posted its earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.54 by $0.04. The firm earned $13.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.53 billion. SYSCO had a net margin of 1.94% and a return on equity of 40.85%. The company’s revenue was up 11.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.45 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that SYSCO Co. will post $2.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be paid a $0.33 dividend. This represents a $1.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.54%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. SYSCO’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 71.74%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/hall-laurie-j-trustee-has-1871000-position-in-sysco-co-syy.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on SYY shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of SYSCO from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on shares of SYSCO in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $47.00 price target for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG raised shares of SYSCO from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $59.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of SYSCO from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $57.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Guggenheim reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of SYSCO in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. SYSCO has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $54.88. In other SYSCO news, insider Wayne Shurts sold 15,600 shares of SYSCO stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.66, for a total value of $805,896.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 43,176 shares in the company, valued at $2,230,472.16. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO William J. Delaney III sold 30,000 shares of SYSCO stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.96, for a total transaction of $1,558,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 406,725 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,133,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 97,817 shares of company stock valued at $5,233,431 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 8.81% of the company’s stock. SYSCO Company Profile Sysco Corporation (Sysco) is a distributor of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. The Company’s segments include Broadline, SYGMA and Other. The Broadline segment includes its Broadline operations located in the Bahamas, Canada, Costa Rica, Ireland, Mexico and the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SYY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY). Receive News & Ratings for SYSCO Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MEDNAX Inc (MD) Shares Sold by Bremer Trust National Association Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $12.098 Million Stake in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Adirondack Trust Co. Lowers Stake in Danaher Co. (DHR) General Dynamics Co. (GD) Position Reduced by Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE Chubb Ltd (CB) Shares Sold by Bremer Trust National Association Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Impact Basic Energy Services (BAS) Share Price BancFirst (BANF) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Finds Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds Negative Media Coverage Likely to Effect Alaska Air Group (ALK) Share Price Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.45 Per Share First National Bank of Omaha Lowers Position in BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) First National Bank of Omaha Sells 1,400 Shares of Mueller Industries, Inc. (MLI) E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Shares Sold by First National Bank of Omaha Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Shares Bought by First National Bank of Omaha Short Interest in Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Declines By 16.8% Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Share Price Avino Silver and Gold Mines (ASM) Given Media Impact Score of 0.31 Spirit of America Management Corp NY Has $675,000 Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Spirit of America Management Corp NY Holds Position in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) TransCanada Co. (TRP) Stake Maintained by Spirit of America Management Corp NY MEDNAX Inc (MD) Shares Sold by Bremer Trust National Association April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bremer Trust National Association lowered its position in shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) by 19.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 4,128 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,015 shares during the period. Bremer Trust National Association’s holdings in MEDNAX were worth $286,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 5.0% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,604 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. First Bank & Trust purchased a new position in shares of MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth approximately $175,000. 1st Global Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of MEDNAX during the third quarter worth approximately $205,000. Cigna Investments Inc. New purchased a new position in shares of MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth approximately $224,000. Finally, Fiera Capital Corp purchased a new position in shares of MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth approximately $233,000. Institutional investors own 99.16% of the company’s stock. MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) traded down 0.12% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $67.86. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 461,418 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $6.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.44 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX Inc has a 1-year low of $59.36 and a 1-year high of $76.96. The company has a 50 day moving average of $69.62 and a 200-day moving average of $67.25. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The business earned $831 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.13 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that MEDNAX Inc will post $4.24 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/mednax-inc-md-shares-sold-by-bremer-trust-national-association.html. MD has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded MEDNAX from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Monday, April 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird lowered MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $69.00. In related news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.95, for a total value of $709,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 74,261 shares in the company, valued at $5,268,817.95. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Md Pascal J. Goldschmidt sold 25,294 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.82, for a total value of $1,715,439.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 14,173 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $961,212.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 96,296 shares of company stock valued at $6,668,891 over the last quarter. Insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD). Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT International Trader - Asia How to Invest in China’s New Urban Creation Xiong’an should be a long-term play. Beneficiaries include China Evergrande, BBMG, and a little-known small-cap stock. By Daniel Shane Biography April 15, 2017 12:15 a.m. ET Until very recently, the word “Xiong’an” would have generated no more than a confused stare from most Chinese. The city in northern Hebei province, about 100 miles south of Beijing, is a rural backwater. That’s all set to change: The government plans to transform Xiong’an into China’s next business and commercial hub. Morgan Stanley thinks the city, whose population today is about one million, will attract up to $350 billion in investment in coming years. That could make it the biggest infrastructure project in the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $6.355 Million Position in Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Shares Sold by GW&K Investment Management LLC GW&K Investment Management LLC Sells 1,115 Shares of Pool Co. (POOL) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $4.671 Million Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Position in Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Metro, Inc. (MRU) Issued By National Bank Financial Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Atlantic American (AAME) Share Price Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $5.544 Million Stake in Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Topcon Corporation (TOPCF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Stake Held by Sheets Smith Wealth Management Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Shares Sold by Creative Planning Creative Planning Has $1.55 Million Position in Matador Resources Co (MTDR) $1.36 Billion in Sales Expected for Magellan Health Inc (MGLN) This Quarter Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Henderson Diversified Income Limited (HDIV) Announces GBX 1.25 Dividend M.P. Evans Group PLC (MPE) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 20th Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) Receiving Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $4.671 Million Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX lowered its stake in Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 22,623 shares of the company’s stock after selling 856 shares during the period. Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $4,671,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank bought a new position in Roper Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at about $221,070,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Roper Technologies by 7.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,218,855 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,594,514,000 after buying an additional 961,508 shares during the last quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. raised its position in Roper Technologies by 34.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 2,292,521 shares of the company’s stock valued at $419,715,000 after buying an additional 581,048 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its position in Roper Technologies by 43.2% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,010,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $184,295,000 after buying an additional 304,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Federated Investors Inc. PA raised its position in Roper Technologies by 10,738.7% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 299,581 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,848,000 after buying an additional 296,817 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) opened at 205.01 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $20.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.88 and a beta of 0.87. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $209.18 and its 200-day moving average price is $190.60. Roper Technologies Inc has a 52-week low of $159.28 and a 52-week high of $214.44. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $1.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.84 by $0.02. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The company earned $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.01 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.82 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Roper Technologies Inc will post $9.09 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.68%. Roper Technologies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 21.77%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/exxonmobil-investment-management-inc-tx-has-4-671-million-stake-in-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on ROP shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $205.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $221.00 price objective on shares of Roper Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Argus upgraded Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $235.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. upgraded Roper Technologies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $214.56. In other news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total transaction of $535,650.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 63,904 shares in the company, valued at $13,692,071.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 2.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Roper Technologies Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP). Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Matador Resources Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Matador Resources Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Stake Held by Sheets Smith Wealth Management Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Shares Sold by Creative Planning Creative Planning Has $1.55 Million Position in Matador Resources Co (MTDR) $1.36 Billion in Sales Expected for Magellan Health Inc (MGLN) This Quarter Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Henderson Diversified Income Limited (HDIV) Announces GBX 1.25 Dividend M.P. Evans Group PLC (MPE) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 20th Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) Receiving Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $234,000 Stake in Loews Co. (L) CENTRAL TRUST Co Reduces Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Raymond James Trust N.A. Sells 141 Shares of CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Creative Planning Has $1.603 Million Position in W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Raymond James Trust N.A. Increases Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) $1.09 Billion in Sales Expected for Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) This Quarter $94.02 Million in Sales Expected for InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) This Quarter First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts WEX Inc (WEX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Pure Financial Advisors Inc. Has $600,000 Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Curbstone Financial Management Corp Sells 105 Shares of Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Creative Planning Has $1.55 Million Position in Matador Resources Co (MTDR) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Creative Planning increased its position in shares of Matador Resources Co (NYSE:MTDR) by 21,616.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 65,150 shares of the energy company’s stock after buying an additional 64,850 shares during the period. Creative Planning owned about 0.07% of Matador Resources worth $1,550,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MTDR. New Century Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in Matador Resources during the fourth quarter worth approximately $682,000. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its stake in Matador Resources by 31.3% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,519,156 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $90,653,000 after buying an additional 839,913 shares during the period. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP bought a new stake in Matador Resources during the fourth quarter worth approximately $644,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in Matador Resources by 12.8% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 591,964 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $15,249,000 after buying an additional 67,180 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new stake in Matador Resources during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,499,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.51% of the company’s stock. Shares of Matador Resources Co (NYSE:MTDR) opened at 22.36 on Friday. Matador Resources Co has a 52 week low of $18.56 and a 52 week high of $28.51. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $23.48 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.46. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.24 billion. Matador Resources (NYSE:MTDR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The energy company reported $0.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.08. Matador Resources had a negative return on equity of 1.60% and a negative net margin of 176.09%. The company had revenue of $94.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $90.85 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.03 EPS. Matador Resources’s revenue was up 68.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Matador Resources Co will post $0.70 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Creative Planning Has $1.55 Million Position in Matador Resources Co (MTDR)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/creative-planning-has-1-55-million-position-in-matador-resources-co-mtdr.html. A number of research firms have commented on MTDR. FBR & Co set a $32.00 price target on Matador Resources and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Scotiabank set a $31.00 price target on Matador Resources and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price target on Matador Resources from $31.00 to $30.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. TheStreet upgraded Matador Resources from a “d” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upped their price target on Matador Resources from $33.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. Matador Resources presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $28.91. In other Matador Resources news, Director Julia P. Forrester purchased 2,000 shares of Matador Resources stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were bought at an average price of $24.72 per share, for a total transaction of $49,440.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 2,000 shares in the company, valued at $49,440. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Kenneth L. Stewart purchased 10,000 shares of Matador Resources stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $24.23 per share, for a total transaction of $242,300.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at $242,300. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 12.70% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Matador Resources Matador Resources Company is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration, development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas resources in the United States, with an emphasis on oil and natural gas shale and other unconventional plays. The Company’s segments include exploration and production, and midstream. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTDR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Matador Resources Co (NYSE:MTDR). Receive News & Ratings for Matador Resources Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Matador Resources Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Washington Real Estate Investment Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Stake Held by Sheets Smith Wealth Management Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Shares Sold by Creative Planning Creative Planning Has $1.55 Million Position in Matador Resources Co (MTDR) $1.36 Billion in Sales Expected for Magellan Health Inc (MGLN) This Quarter Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Henderson Diversified Income Limited (HDIV) Announces GBX 1.25 Dividend M.P. Evans Group PLC (MPE) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 20th Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) Receiving Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $234,000 Stake in Loews Co. (L) CENTRAL TRUST Co Reduces Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Raymond James Trust N.A. Sells 141 Shares of CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Creative Planning Has $1.603 Million Position in W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Raymond James Trust N.A. Increases Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) $1.09 Billion in Sales Expected for Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) This Quarter $94.02 Million in Sales Expected for InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) This Quarter First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts WEX Inc (WEX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Pure Financial Advisors Inc. Has $600,000 Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Curbstone Financial Management Corp Sells 105 Shares of Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Stake Held by Sheets Smith Wealth Management April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sheets Smith Wealth Management maintained its position in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 8,400 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Sheets Smith Wealth Management’s holdings in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust were worth $263,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of WRE. HighTower Advisors LLC increased its position in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 0.4% in the third quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 20,235 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $629,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3.1% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 8,805 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $274,000 after buying an additional 263 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC increased its position in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 7,545 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $235,000 after buying an additional 265 shares during the last quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 1.0% in the third quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 46,260 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,440,000 after buying an additional 440 shares during the last quarter. Finally, New Mexico Educational Retirement Board increased its position in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 6.2% in the third quarter. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board now owns 10,322 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $321,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter. 87.44% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) opened at 32.27 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $31.60 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.26. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.57 and a beta of 0.89. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust has a 12 month low of $27.65 and a 12 month high of $34.61. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $76.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $77.56 million. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust had a net margin of 55.81% and a return on equity of 19.15%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.46 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Washington Real Estate Investment Trust will post $0.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a dividend of $0.30 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.72%. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust’s dividend payout ratio is 48.98%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Stake Held by Sheets Smith Wealth Management” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/washington-real-estate-investment-trust-wre-stake-held-by-sheets-smith-wealth-management.html. Several brokerages have commented on WRE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $36.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from $31.00 to $33.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $35.50 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $34.08. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Company Profile Washington Real Estate Investment Trust is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust. The Company’s business consists of the ownership and operation of real property in the greater Washington metro region. The Company owns a diversified portfolio of office buildings, multifamily buildings and retail centers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WRE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE). Receive News & Ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Comments on Bank of New York Mellon Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BK) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Pacific Global Investment Management CO Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Increases Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Shares Bought by InterOcean Capital LLC Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Position Decreased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Hampstead Capital LLP Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Renaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Position in PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Alaska Communications Systems Group Inc (ALSK) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC Wexford Capital LP Has $4.336 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Stake in Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) CommVault Systems, Inc. (CVLT) Short Interest Update Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings (ICPT) Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Cuts Position in Malibu Boats Inc (MBUU) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc (BBW) State Street Corp Acquires 20,280 Shares of The Providence Service Co. (PRSC) Quidel Co. (QDEL) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Increases Stake in Iconix Brand Group Inc (ICON) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bienville Capital Management LLC decreased its position in shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) by 6.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 3,732 shares of the company’s stock after selling 274 shares during the period. Bienville Capital Management LLC’s holdings in PepsiCo were worth $393,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 21.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 21,642,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,354,088,000 after buying an additional 3,773,486 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of PepsiCo during the fourth quarter worth approximately $355,439,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 692.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 2,564,260 shares of the company’s stock worth $268,372,000 after buying an additional 2,240,572 shares during the period. Fiera Capital Corp raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 217.7% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 2,417,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $252,989,000 after buying an additional 1,656,939 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 179.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 2,276,462 shares of the company’s stock worth $238,186,000 after buying an additional 1,462,000 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.43% of the company’s stock. PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) opened at 112.68 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $160.82 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.85 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo, Inc. has a one year low of $98.50 and a one year high of $113.77. The company has a 50 day moving average of $111.04 and a 200-day moving average of $106.45. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.20 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.16 by $0.04. The business earned $19.52 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $19.51 billion. PepsiCo had a return on equity of 56.16% and a net margin of 10.74%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.06 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.13 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.7525 per share. This represents a $3.01 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.67%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio is currently 66.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/pepsico-inc-pep-position-cut-by-bienville-capital-management-llc.html. A number of analysts have commented on PEP shares. Vetr lowered shares of PepsiCo from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $106.67 price target for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 price target for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price target on shares of PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded shares of PepsiCo from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $118.00 to $132.00 in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Barclays PLC assumed coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a research note on Monday, January 9th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $102.00 target price for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $116.24. In other PepsiCo news, CEO Ramon Laguarta sold 23,585 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $109.05, for a total transaction of $2,571,944.25. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 135,859 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,815,423.95. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total value of $466,251.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 112,519 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,320,830.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 44,343 shares of company stock valued at $4,850,480 in the last three months. Insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. About PepsiCo PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 44 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 16, 2017 APRIL 16, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 16, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 44 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Dish Network spent $6.2B on wireless airwaves By SCOTT MORITZ, TODD SHIELDS AND GERRY SMITH Bloomberg News First Published Apr 15 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Apr 15 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article Dish Network Corp. spent a surprising $6.2 billion on wireless airwaves in a government auction, a big splurge that did little to address questions about the endgame for billionaire Charlie Ergen's satellite company. Only T-Mobile US Inc. bid more in the auction, spending $8 billion out of the $19.8 billion in total proceeds. Dish's hefty purchase jolted investors and bedeviled analysts, as the company already sits on one of largest troves of spectrum in the industry -- and still doesn't actually provide a wireless service. It's anyone's guess what Ergen will do next: Sell Dish? Become a phone company? Sit and wait? VIDEOS TOP JOBS Dish now controls a much more diverse spectrum portfolio that gives Ergen plenty of options. The Englewood, Colorado-based company has airwaves that are ideal for streaming movies as well as maintaining a cellular signal over long distances. It could decide to package the licenses together for a sale to wireless carriers or cable companies -- or use the frequencies it just bought to fulfill a promise to the Federal Communications Commission by launching a network focused on enabling devices to exchange information. "The big surprise to us was the amount of spectrum that Dish won -- $6.2 billion versus our estimate of nothing," said Marci Ryvicker, an analyst at Wells Fargo & Co., in a note Thursday. "Maybe we shouldn't be that surprised given the attractive pricing and Charlie's penchant for purchasing spectrum, especially when it's a deal." The shopping spree dinged Dish's credit rating on Friday when S&P Global Ratings affirmed the satellite TV provider's status as B+ but downgraded its outlook to negative. S&P's main concern is that Dish may require more financing "with no visible path for leverage reduction," the agency said in a report. Prices for this auction were significantly lower than a U.S. airwaves sale that ended in 2015 and drew $44.9 billion in bids. The average price per megahertz per U.S. resident was about 90 cents, compared with $2.72 in that sale, said Kevin Roe, of Roe Equity Research. Comcast Corp. and AT&T Inc. were among the other significant bidders. For years, Dish has been buying spectrum opportunistically, bidding on airwaves at auction and acquiring licenses on the cheap from bankrupt satellite companies. Yet the company has never fully articulated a plan for putting those airwaves to use, suggesting Ergen may be interested only in selling the assets for a profit down the road. "Dish is turning itself into a one-stop shop for wireless spectrum with the idea that a firm outside of the telecommunications industry (think internet or tech) could purchase the company and build its way into wireless," said Phil Cusick, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase, in a note Thursday. But he called such a deal unlikely. The company has already missed a deadline imposed by the FCC to serve phone-toting consumers using some of those airwaves. To avoid a penalty, the company pledged to deploy a network by 2020. On a recent conference call, Ergen said Dish doesn't need to seek out a merger with another company to build a service. "Things could change, right? But we certainly believe we can control our own destiny," Ergen said. Dish declined to comment Thursday. Buying more spectrum without clear plans for the future has spooked investors. Dish shares fell 2.5 percent to $62.38 at the close Thursday in New York. "Wall Street gets nervous because the payoff is uncertain," said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics. "Charlie is really good at acquiring spectrum but not good at building a network or selling it." If Ergen does end up selling Dish, who would buy it? Verizon Communications didn't bid at all in the auction and AT&T acquired nearly $1 billion worth of spectrum, far less than it's done in the past. This suggests the two largest wireless carriers may not be interested in the spectrum Dish acquired, making an acquisition less likely, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. "We'll state the obvious. Dish bought so much in incentive auction and $VZ, $T so little, because... there's no actual rational answer," short seller Kerrisdale Capital Management said in a tweet, referring to Verizon and AT&T by their ticker symbols. The investment firm last year issued a report that argued the satellite provider's airwaves are overvalued. The airwaves auctioned by the FCC were voluntarily surrendered by TV stations so the frequencies can be repurposed for surging wireless data traffic. Stations are getting $10 billion in payments to go off the air or move to other airwaves. As the top bidder, Bellevue, Washington-based T-Mobile gained ground on AT&T and Verizon in holdings of spectrum in lower frequency bands, which is prized for its ability to penetrate walls and cover wide areas. With the purchase, T-Mobile now owns 41.1 megahertz of spectrum below the 1-gigahertz frequency, compared with 46.2 megahertz for Verizon and 70.5 megahertz for AT&T, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Comcast, which plans to unveil a new wireless service that uses Wi-Fi hotspots and Verizon's cellular network, bid $1.7 billion on airwaves, much less than expected, according to Macquarie analyst Amy Yong. About a quarter of the investors Yong surveyed thought the cable giant would spend as much as $6 billion. It's still unclear what Comcast's spending says about the company's wireless strategy. By owning spectrum, the cable giant could eventually build its own network and lease or buy additional airwaves to add capacity. But analysts have long speculated that Philadelphia-based Comcast could buy a wireless company and own its network. The company declined to comment, citing government restrictions on what bidders can say about their plans. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES WOW: Joe Johnson's runner at the buzzer gives Jazz 97-95 win over Clippers in opener Complaints mount against Utah judge who at rape sentencing called ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Kragthorpe: Jazz's stunning win is flashback to 2010 Utah Jazz: Joe Johnson's secret to making defenders sweat? Hot yoga Utah Jazz: Team will lean even more on Gordon Hayward ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Despite some negatives, including a recent earnings warning for the first quarter, the stock looks inexpensive. By Andrew Bary Biography April 15, 2017 12:08 a.m. ET The flip side to investor infatuation with Tesla (ticker: TSLA) is the distaste for Ford Motor (F) and General Motors (GM). Ford shares, at $11.11, are just above a 52-week low, after falling 15% in the past year. Despite some negatives,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Trump’s About-Face Stocks stumble as the president keeps shifting policy positions. Also, March economic reports aren’t bullish. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated April 15, 2017 1:14 a.m. ET A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, in Ralph Waldo Emerson’s famous estimation. In that case, Donald Trump is proving to be anything but small-minded. In just the past week, he has revised his previous views on various subjects, including the North American Treaty Organization, the Export-Import Bank, China and its... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers CEO pay as percentage of net income Charles McGrath | April 13, 2017 3:43 pm | Updated 3:49 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart CEO pay as percentage of net income View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top 10 DC record-keepers The 10 largest defined contribution record-keepers, based on total assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO WorldPensionSummit: Managing geo-political risks View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Education / Training > Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Apr 14, 2017 Laura Putre | Skilled Worker Shortage EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 What is in this article?: Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Workforce Training Specialized workforce training and access to capital for small manufacturers are part of a new plan to give the legacy industry a lift.  A scene from Chicago's Candy Expo. Getty Images Advertisement Chicago has been a food and beverage manufacturing hub since the days when James Kraft delivered cheese by horse and buggy and the newborn National Biscuit Company went on a bakery-buying bender. In 1914, the city became “hog butcher to the world” and “stacker of wheat” in Carl Sandburg’s poem. (Sandburg, had he had more wind left in him, also might have added “palace of sweets”—as Brach’s called itself—and “citadel of Cracker Jacks.”) Today, for every Wrigley, Tyson and Morton Salt—companies with a corporate footprint but not necessarily much manufacturing in Chicago--there’s a Vienna Beef or Ingredion with significant production in the region. And there is also a critical mass of small producers--artisanal tortilla makers (yes, there is such a thing, just ask PBS chef Rick Bayless), craft breweries, gourmet chocolatiers--looking to expand. It all adds up to a big impact on region’s economy. According to mapping data from Harvard University’s Institute for Strategy and Competitiveness, the Chicago metropolitan area is the second largest food production economic cluster in the country, behind only Los Angeles. All told, the Windy City region has 4,500 companies in food and beverage manufacturing, packaging, wholesale and distribution; food-related equipment, tools and machinery; and farm product wholesalers. The industry employs 130,000 workers, and brings in $32 billion in annual sales. It’s gained a more healthy diversity in recent decades, moving from meat and grain to eight different subsectors. But there are some challenges. Growth in Chicago’s food manufacturing has been lackluster, with companies skewing older and not quickly adapting to changing consumer tastes toward natural and gourmet foods. Productivity is also not as stellar as it used to be compared to other parts of the country. Smaller manufacturers, making up 94% of Chicago’s food manufacturing establishments, are having trouble making the connections they need to flourish, or don’t have the means or the expertise to update their technology. A new nonprofit organization, the Chicagoland Food & Beverage Network, is hoping to inject some innovation into the landscape here, partnering with manufacturers large and small, workforce organizations and neighborhood leaders. With the help of $1 million in seed funding from the MacArthur Foundation and JPMorgan Chase, it was formed last year with an eye toward bringing inclusive job growth to Chicago. Popular Now Five Ways to Optimize Supply Chain Management The Automotive Industry: Economic Impact And Location Issues GE Digital's Secret Weapon “We see this as a way to ensure that we maintain and grow our edge in food manufacturing,” says Theresa E. Mintle, president and CEO of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, one of the partners in the project. Inclusive economic clusters are a relatively new idea in economic development, and a particular focus of the MacArthur Foundation. They focus on areas that have potential for job growth at all levels, wage earner and professional, high school/vocational education and  college degrees. “When you look at some industry sectors, you don’t see the diversity of jobs,” says Alan Reed, a former dairy industry organizer from Rosemont, Illinois, who is now CFBN’s executive director.  “If you look at technology for instance, it’s usually people with four-year degrees and beyond.” With food and beverage, however, “really there’s a variety of jobs all the way from entry level manufacturing where you can have less than a high school diploma, all the way up to white collar jobs and everywhere in between.” In Chicago, “food and beverage was a clear place where there was just a lot more opportunity for inclusive growth,” he says. CFBN plans to work on four areas: talent and workforce development, food safety and regulatory, innovation and technology, and business services like capital and financing and risk mitigation. Small manufacturing enterprises (SMEs), with less than 250 employees, often have trouble getting access to capital to expand, or may need to collaborate with a co-manufacturer to increase production. First order of business is assembling the board and raising funding for a workforce training pilot program with Instituto del Progreso Latino, a well-respected vocational training program based on the Near South Side of Chicago. Alejandro Silva, former chairman and CEO of pork-rind maker Evans Food Group, is a board member, as is Ricardo Alvalrez, CEO of snackmaker Raymundo’s Food Group. So is Theresa E. Mintle, president and CEO of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce “We see this as a way to ensure that we maintain and grow our edge in food manufacturing,” says Mintle. Workforce Training » 1 2 Next Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Software Eats Manufacturing (and Manufacturing Gains) Call for Speakers: 2017 IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo 2 Getting Kids Interested in Manufacturing Careers 8 How San Diego Reflects National Manufacturing Trends Chattanooga Ushers in Rebirth of Manufacturing THE LATEST Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Want to Keep Your Millennial Workers? Apple Says Three More Suppliers to Use Solely Renewable Power Marchionne Halts 'Unrealistic' Merger Dreams for Fiat Chrysler Boeing's Largest 737 Max Jet Takes Flight Amid Market Downdraft Musk Lays Out Timeline for Tesla Semi Truck, Electric Pickup More Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 11, 2017 Article Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership 1 The president of the Diversified Brands Division shares leadership lessons learned and "paying it forward."...More View All Advertisement Trending on IndustryWeek Musk Lays Out Timeline for Tesla Semi Truck, Electric Pickup Supply Chain & Logistics: Top 5 Warehouse Challenges and How to Overcome Them Why Manufacturers Are Turning to Supply Chain Finance to Prep for Growth American Factories versus 'Made in America' Shaping the Future of CAD IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All IW US 500 Stock Index Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Premier Integration Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price RetailMeNot (SALE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Brokerages Anticipate Alere Inc (ALR) to Announce $0.45 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate CIT Group Inc. (CIT) to Announce $0.56 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Expect Sealed Air Corp (SEE) to Post $0.48 Earnings Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Receives Market Perform Rating from William Blair American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wunderlich Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird CBS Co. (CBS) Rating Reiterated by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts Anticipate Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Will Post Earnings of $1.27 Per Share SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.17 Safeguard Scientifics (SFE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Surgery Partners (SGRY) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds New Senior Investment Group (SNR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price CIGNA (CI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect CONSOL Energy (CNX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Banco Santander, (NYSE:SAN) have been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, ranks the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Banco Santander, earned a media sentiment score of 0.15 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about the company an impact score of 5 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: Pros, Cons of Overvalued Stocks (money.usnews.com) Exane BNP Paribas Downgrade its coverage for Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) – StandardOracle (standardoracle.com) Santander and Portugal settle ‘toxic’ swaps case – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Pros and Cons of 401(k) Brokerage Options (money.usnews.com) Santander, Portugal Reach Swaps Settlement ( (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Banco Santander, (NYSE:SAN) traded down 1.87% on Friday, hitting $5.78. 3,816,303 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $5.85 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.20. The company has a market cap of $84.28 billion, a PE ratio of 13.32 and a beta of 1.67. Banco Santander, has a 12 month low of $3.60 and a 12 month high of $6.23. Several research firms have weighed in on SAN. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Banco Santander, from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Societe Generale began coverage on shares of Banco Santander, in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Kepler Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, BNP Paribas downgraded shares of Banco Santander, from an “outperform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $6.75. WARNING: “Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-positive-press-coverage-extremely-unlikely-to-effect-banco-santander-san-stock-price.html. Banco Santander, Company Profile Banco Santander, SA is a retail and commercial bank. The Banks segments include Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Latin America and the United States. The Continental Europe segment covers all businesses in the Continental Europe. The United Kingdom segment includes the businesses developed by various units and branches in the country. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price RetailMeNot (SALE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Brokerages Anticipate Alere Inc (ALR) to Announce $0.45 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate CIT Group Inc. (CIT) to Announce $0.56 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Expect Sealed Air Corp (SEE) to Post $0.48 Earnings Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Receives Market Perform Rating from William Blair American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wunderlich Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird CBS Co. (CBS) Rating Reiterated by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts Anticipate Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Will Post Earnings of $1.27 Per Share SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.17 Safeguard Scientifics (SFE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Surgery Partners (SGRY) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds New Senior Investment Group (SNR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price CIGNA (CI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect CONSOL Energy (CNX) Stock Price Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) have been trending positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Rio Tinto plc earned a media sentiment score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about the mining company an impact score of 50 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Rio Tinto : Alumina 2018 conference to shine spotlight on Gladstone (4-traders.com) Short Term Technical Outlook: Rio Tinto plc (RIO), Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) – Post Analyst (postanalyst.com) Rio Tinto to continue talks on Grasberg mine stake future – Reuters (reuters.com) Rio Tinto plc 25.2% Potential Decrease Indicated by Liberum Capital – DirectorsTalk Interviews (directorstalkinterviews.com) Rio Tinto’s $2.45 bln coal mines sale to Yancoal gets Australian FIRB approval – RTT News (rttnews.com) Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) traded down 0.87% on Friday, reaching $38.94. 2,975,019 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $70.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.25 and a beta of 1.19. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $41.11 and its 200-day moving average is $39.38. Rio Tinto plc has a 1-year low of $26.95 and a 1-year high of $47.11. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 24th were issued a $1.2582 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 22nd. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.96. This represents a yield of 5.54%. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Axiom Securities reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $46.00 target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $41.86. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/rio-tinto-plc-rio-earns-news-sentiment-score-of-0-29.html. Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coty Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price CIGNA (CI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect CONSOL Energy (CNX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Share Price Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Clorox Co (CLX) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.29 Per Share Analysts Set Unilever plc (ULVR) Target Price at $4,011.52 Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Sonoco Products Co (SON) Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Centurylink (CTL) Stock Price Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.22 Brokerages Set Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – (ADAP) Target Price at $15.50 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Receives $58.79 Consensus PT from Brokerages Zacks: DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Given $127.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) to Hold Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Effect Icon Plc (ICLR) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Daktronics (DAKT) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Effect Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (RNN) Stock Price Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Professional Diversity Network (IPDN) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Coty (NYSE:COTY) have been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne. The research firm, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Coty earned a news sentiment score of 0.14 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the company an impact score of 66 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: US stocks closer: Dow sheds more than 100 points (nasdaq.com) Coty Inc (COTY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Top 4 Cosmetics Stocks of 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Did Coty Inc (COTY) Create Value For Shareholders Over The Past One Year? (simplywall.st) Coty Inc. (NYSE:COTY) Releases Sean Foster Has Joined Company As Global SVP of eCommerce (emarketsdaily.com) Coty (NYSE:COTY) traded up 1.65% during trading on Friday, reaching $17.89. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,434,871 shares. Coty has a 52 week low of $16.95 and a 52 week high of $31.60. The stock’s market capitalization is $13.37 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $18.42 and a 200 day moving average of $19.77. Coty (NYSE:COTY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.05. The firm earned $2.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.37 billion. Coty had a positive return on equity of 13.87% and a negative net margin of 0.20%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 89.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.38 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Coty will post $0.78 EPS for the current year. COTY has been the subject of several analyst reports. B. Riley reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $18.50 price objective on shares of Coty in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies reduced their price objective on Coty from $23.00 to $22.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Coty from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday. BMO Capital Markets initiated coverage on Coty in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Coty in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “underweight” rating and a $16.00 price objective for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Coty currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $23.73. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-likely-to-impact-coty-coty-share-price.html. In other news, CEO Camillo Pane purchased 72,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $19.54 per share, for a total transaction of $1,413,719.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 251,577 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,915,814.58. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Greerson Greene Mcmullen purchased 13,157 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.85 per share, with a total value of $248,009.45. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 53,657 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,011,434.45. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders purchased 4,248,307 shares of company stock valued at $78,918,928 over the last quarter. Insiders own 16.10% of the company’s stock. Coty Company Profile Coty Inc is a beauty company. The Company operates through four segments: Fragrances, Color Cosmetics, Skin & Body Care and Brazil Acquisition. Its fragrance products include a range of men’s and women’s products. Its fragrance brands include Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Davidoff, Chloe, Balenciaga, Beyonce, Bottega Veneta, Miu Miu and Roberto Cavalli. Receive News & Ratings for Coty Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
'If you go into what I call a bubble boom, every bubble bursts.' - Margaret Thatcher Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Doug Noland / 'Risk Off' Making Some Headway 'Risk Off' Making Some Headway By: Doug Noland | Sat, Apr 15, 2017 Share Print Email Global "Risk Off" has been making some headway. This week saw ten-year Treasury yields drop 15 bps to 2.23%, the low since the week following the election. German bund yields declined another four bps to a 2017 low 19 bps. The Crowded Trade hedging against higher rates is blowing apart. The Crowded yen short has similarly been blown to pieces, with the Japanese currency surging an additional 2.3% this week (increasing 2017 gains to an impressive 7.7%). Japan's Nikkei equities index dropped 1.8% this week, with y-t-d losses rising to 4.1%. Meanwhile, this week Gold surged 2.5%, Silver jumped 2.9% and Platinum gained 1.9%. In contrast to the safe haven precious metals, Copper dropped 2.8%, Aluminum fell 2.7% and nickel sank 4.2%. European periphery spreads (to bunds) widened meaningfully. Italian spreads widened 14 to 213 bps, the widest since early-2014. Spanish spreads widened 13 to an eight-month high 152 bps. Portuguese spreads widened six bps and French spreads seven. Italy's stocks fell 2.6%, with Italian banks down 5.9%. Spanish stocks lost 1.9%. European bank stocks dropped 2.6% this week. A little air began to leak from the EM Bubble. Russian stocks were hammered 5.9% to an eight-month low, increasing 2017 losses to 14.2%. Brazilian stocks lost 2.5%. Chinese equities suffered moderate declines, while appearing increasingly vulnerable. For the most part, however, EM held its own. The weak dollar helped. EM equites (EEM) declined only 0.6% for the week, while EM bonds (EMB) gained 0.4%. U.S. equities trade unimpressively. The VIX rose slightly above 16 Thursday to the highest level since the election. The banks (BKX) sank 3.2%, increasing 2017 losses to 4.1%. The broker/dealers also lost 3.2% (down 0.7% y-t-d). The Transports were hit 2.5% (down 1.9%). The broader market continues to struggle. The mid-caps dropped 1.5% (up 1.2%), and the small caps fell 1.4% (down 0.9%). Even the beloved tech sector has started to roll over. At the same time, high-yield and investment grade debt for the most part cling to "Risk On." A number of articles this week pronounced the death of the "reflation trade." It's worth noting that the GSCI Commodities index gained 2.2% this week, trading to a six-week high and back to positive y-t-d. Rising geopolitical tensions helped Crude rise to almost $54, before closing the week at $53.18. President Trump talked down the U.S. dollar, and I'll add "careful what you wish for." The dollar index declined 0.6% this week. Is it a coincidence that the President calls the dollar "too strong" only a few days after meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping? China is no currency manipulator, not if it can rein in a psycho North Korean despot. When it comes to global reflation, China continues to play a leading role. Chinese Credit enjoyed a historic 2016 - and, after a record first quarter, Chinese Credit growth is on track to surpass $3.5 Trillion in 2017. For March, China's Total Social Finance (TSM) increased a much stronger-than-expected $308 billion. This puts first quarter consumer and corporate Credit growth at $1.014 TN, a record exceeding even 2016's unprecedented Q1. For comparison, China's Q1 2017 TSM growth was 50% greater than Q1 2015. TSM ended March at $23.65 TN, up 12.5% y-o-y - expanding at a rate almost double the real economy. And while Chinese bank loan growth slowed to a 12.4% rate in March, there were notable trends that must worry officials. First, shadow banking components expanded a much stronger-than-expected almost $110 billion during the month. Meanwhile, China's mortgage finance Bubble continues to prove resilient in the face of various efforts to cool overheated housing markets. April 14 - Reuters (Elias Glenn): "Loans to households surged to 797.7 billion yuan ($115bn) in March, ...accounting for 78% of all new loans in the month. That was much higher than either January or February and even the 50% of new loans in 2016. The rise likely was due to a surge in short-term lending to households, as individuals may be turning to alternative types of loans as banks tighten rules on traditional mortgages, said Wendy Chen, an economist at Nomura in Shanghai. 'We think (the increase in short-term loans) is possibly due to attempts to circumvent strict regulations on mortgages... The high loans to households reflect that property sales are still very hot, and likely shifting from top tier cities to more third or fourth tier cities.'" In a precarious "Terminal Phase" Credit Bubble Dynamic, Chinese shadow banking has gone parabolic. Over the past five months, shadow banking assets (compiled by Bloomberg) have expanded $472 billion, or about 35% annualized. For comparison, shadow banking increased about $70 billion for all of 2015. Chinese shadow banking increased $300 billion during Q1. April 11 - Wall Street Journal (Shen Hong): "China's battle to counter rising stress in its financial system has escalated this week, with regulators making a fresh warning to banks not to engage in speculation that creates unhealthy asset bubbles and prevents money from flowing to more productive parts of the economy. In a directive circulated to banks Monday, the country's banking regulator instructed banks to carry out self-checks by late November on their involvement in what it termed 'irregularities.' The seven-page document... said such actions include making highly leveraged bets on markets via popular investment products, and the excessive use of a newly popular form of short-term debt that banks are increasingly relying on for funding." April 10 - Bloomberg: "Like many individual investors in China, Yang Mo has no idea what's in the wealth management products that make up a big chunk of her net worth. She says there's really no point in finding out. Sure, WMPs invest in all kinds of risky assets, but the government would never let a big one fail, she says. 'It's not how the Chinese government does things, and it's not even Chinese culture,' explains Yang, a 29-year-old public relations professional... Hers is a common refrain in Asia's largest economy, where savers have poured $9 trillion into WMPs and similar products on the assumption that they'll get bailed out if the investments sour. Even after news in February that policy makers are drafting rules to make it clear that state guarantees don't exist, Yang is undaunted... 'Cracking down on implicit guarantees is just like curbing home prices,' she says. 'It's something that the government needs to say, but it's not something they will eventually do.'" For several years now, Chinese policymakers have made myriad attempts at the old "lean against the wind" approach to counter mounting financial excess. They're now facing a Credit typhoon of their own making. At this point, Beijing must inflict pain if they intend to break what is now deeply ingrained inflationary psychology in housing finance as well as powerful speculative impulses throughout finance more generally. Apparently, everyone - from Chinese citizen to global investor - is confident that no dramatic policy measures will be employed prior to the autumn meetings of the National Congress of the Community Party. Yet Chinese fragility is but one of what has become a litany of risks to the global Bubble. And while largely numb to Chinese risks, speculative global markets are having more difficulty disregarding the troubling geopolitical backdrop. With North Korea on the brink of another nuclear test and warning of nuclear war - and Trump sending an "armada" to the Korean peninsula and threatening a preemptive military strike if a "looking for trouble" North Korea test appears imminent - it's enough to take some risk off the table and buy some gold, Treasuries and bunds. That Trump would send a flurry of Tomahawk missiles into Syria, confront Russia on Assad and drop "the mother of all bombs" into the Afghan mountainside have some thinking it's time to take geopolitical risks more seriously. Assuming we make it through Easter weekend without tensions ratcheting up in Korea or elsewhere, market attention will turn to next Sunday's first round French election. April 12 - Reuters (Sudip Kar-Gupta and Sarah White): "France's presidential race looked tighter than it has all year on Friday, nine days before voting begins, as two polls put the four frontrunners within reach of a two-person run-off vote. The latest voter surveys may raise investor concerns about the outside possibility of a second round that pits the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen against hard-left challenger Jean-Luc Melenchon. The election is one of the most unpredictable in modern French history, as a groundswell of anti-establishment feeling and frustration at France's economic malaise has seen a growing number of voters turn their backs on the mainstream parties. An Ipsos-Sopra Sterna poll showed independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and Le Pen tied on 22% in the April 23 first round, with Melenchon and conservative Francois Fillon on 20 and 19% respectively." Basically, there are four candidates all within the margin of statistical error vying for two spots in the May 7th second round head-to-head. For months now, far-right candidate Marine Le Pen has led first round polling numbers. While somewhat unsettling to markets, the assumption has been that Le Pen would lose badly to the leading "establishment" candidate, presently Emmanuel Macron. But with just over a week to go, far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon is enjoying a surge in popularity. This increases the odds that market favorite Macron might not make it out of the first round. A Le Pen versus Melenchon second round would be a nightmare scenario for skittish markets. Concern would quickly turn to Italy, where the anti-euro 5-Star Party has been rapidly gaining in the polls ahead of next year's general election. Plenty of worries globally and here at home. Especially after last week's release of weak March auto sales data, concern is growing that tightened Credit conditions have begun to restrain the U.S. economy. For the most part, quarterly earnings reports from the major banks confirmed a weakening of loan growth. Yet it isn't clear how much of this is the result of tightened lending standards and waning demand for borrowings, or instead more a reflection of huge corporate debt issuance (issue bonds rather than borrow from banks) and a slowing of big M&A deals. It's worth noting that the recent drop in mortgage rates comes at a most opportune time for the peak home sales period. Mortgage purchase applications jumped last week to the high since last June - and the third highest weekly level since 2009. Mortgage rates remain extraordinarily low, consumer confidence quite high and the inventory of homes for sale unusually low. A significant Treasury market squeeze could further stoke housing markets already demonstrating strong inflationary/Bubble biases. April 13 - CNBC (Diana Olick): "Homes are flying off the shelves this spring, as demand rises and supply continues to drop. Record high prices in some local markets are not thwarting hungry buyers, as they rush to take advantage of the lowest mortgage rates of the year. Home sales jumped nearly 9% in March compared with March 2016, even as the number of homes for sale plunged 13%, according to... Redfin... That demand dynamic further increased competition in the market, resulting in the fastest average sales pace since Redfin began tracking in 2010. The typical home went under contract in just 49 days, down from 60 days a year ago. Steep competition also pushed the median price of a home sold in March to $273,000, up 7.5% year over year." As for the U.S. stock market, it appears a decent amount of hedging has taken place over the past couple weeks. Previously such dynamics often created the firepower to squeeze the shorts and force the risk averse to unwind hedges and scamper back aboard the bull market. Complacent markets may have forgotten that put options and myriad "portfolio insurance" strategies can as well provide firepower for a self-reinforcing downside. North Korea, Syria, Russia and France provide potential for clear and present danger. There is as well the risk of a U.S. government shutdown at the end of the month, along with all the ambiguity surrounding the Trump Administration's shifting agenda. What appeared a united group determined to go right down the list of campaign promises - keen to focus on tax cuts/reform and infrastructure spending - these days appears confused, less than cohesive and without much of a list. If markets abhor uncertainty, it's hard to see them enamored with the stunning degree of policy reversals and flip-flopping. Return to healthcare and deal with tax and spending legislation later? Roused from a state of deep depression, the Democrats now count down the days until next year's mid-terms.   For the Week: The S&P500 fell 1.1% (up 4.0% y-t-d), and the Dow declined 1.0% (up 3.5%). The Utilities added 0.5% (up 5.8%). The Banks (down 4.1%) and the Broker/Dealers (down 0.7%) sank 3.2%. The Transports were hit 2.5% (down 1.9%). The S&P 400 Midcaps fell 1.5% (up 1.2%), and the small cap Russell 2000 dropped 1.4% (down 0.9%). The Nasdaq100 declined 1.2% (up 10.1%), and the Morgan Stanley High Tech index fell 1.3% (up 11.8%). The Semiconductors sank 3.9% (up 5.9%). The Biotechs gained 1.4% (up 14.7%). With bullion up $31, the HUI gold index jumped 4.5% (up 16.8%). Three-month Treasury bill rates ended the week at 79 bps. Two-year government yields dropped eight bps to 1.21% (up 2bps y-t-d). Five-year T-note yields sank 15 bps to 1.77% (down 16bps). Ten-year Treasury yields fell 15 bps to 2.24% (down 21bps). Long bond yields dipped two bps to 2.98% (down 8bps). Greek 10-year yields sank 21 bps to 6.57% (down 45bps y-t-d). Ten-year Portuguese yields added two bps to 3.89% (up 14bps). Italian 10-year yields jumped 10 bps to 2.32% (up 51bps). Spain's 10-year yields rose nine bps to 1.71% (up 33bps). German bund yields fell four bps to 0.19% (down 2bps). French yields increased three bps to 0.92% (up 24bps). The French to German 10-year bond spread widened seven to 73 bps. U.K. 10-year gilt yields slipped three bps to 1.04% (down 19bps). U.K.'s FTSE equities index dipped 0.3% (up 2.6%). Japan's Nikkei 225 equities index dropped 1.8% (down 4.1% y-t-d). Japanese 10-year "JGB" yields fell four bps to 0.01% (down 3bps). The German DAX equities index declined 0.9% (up 5.5%). Spain's IBEX 35 equities index fell 1.9% (up 10.4%). Italy's FTSE MIB index sank 2.6% (up 2.8%). EM equities were mostly lower. Brazil's Bovespa index was hit 2.5% (up 4.3%). Mexico's Bolsa declined 0.8% (up 7.3%). South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.8% (up 5.4%). India's Sensex equities index fell 0.8% (up 10.6%). China's Shanghai Exchange lost 1.2% (up 4.6%). Turkey's Borsa Istanbul National 100 index gained 1.8% (up 15.3%). Russia's MICEX equities index sank 5.1% (down 14.2%). Junk bond mutual funds saw outflows of $348 million (from Lipper). Freddie Mac 30-year fixed mortgage rates declined two bps to a 19-wk low 4.08% (up 50bps y-o-y). Fifteen-year rates dipped two bps to 3.34% (up 48bps). The five-year hybrid ARM rate declined a basis point to 3.18% (up 34bps). Bankrate's survey of jumbo mortgage borrowing costs had 30-yr fixed rates down four bps to 4.15% (up 46bps). Federal Reserve Credit last week was little changed at $4.434 TN. Over the past year, Fed Credit declined $13.6bn (down 0.3%). Fed Credit inflated $1.617 TN, or 58%, over the past 231 weeks. Elsewhere, Fed holdings for foreign owners of Treasury, Agency Debt declined $1.5bn last week to $3.213 TN. "Custody holdings" were down $30.8bn y-o-y, or 0.9%. M2 (narrow) "money" supply last week declined $38.5bn to $13.379 TN. "Narrow money" expanded $773bn, or 6.1%, over the past year. For the week, Currency increased $1.9bn. Total Checkable Deposits surged $79.7bn, while Savings Deposits sank $126bn. Small Time Deposits increased $2.8bn. Retail Money Funds rose $3.4bn. Total money market fund assets declined $4.1bn to $2.644 TN. Money Funds fell $88bn y-o-y (3.2%). Total Commercial Paper contracted $7.8bn to $984.9bn. CP declined $108bn y-o-y, or 9.9%. Currency Watch: The U.S. dollar index declined 0.6% to 100.51 (down 1.8% y-t-d). For the week on the upside, the South African rand increased 2.4%, the Japanese yen 2.3%, the British pound 1.2%, the Australian dollar 1.1%, the Norwegian krone 0.9%, the New Zealand dollar 0.8%, the Mexican peso 0.8%, the Canadian dollar 0.6%, the Singapore dollar 0.5%, the Swedish krona 0.4%, the Swiss franc 0.4% and the euro 0.3%. For the week on the downside, the South Korean won declined 0.5%. The Chinese renminbi increased .22% versus the dollar this week (up 0.87% y-t-d). Commodities Watch: The Goldman Sachs Commodities Index jumped 2.2% (up 0.8% y-t-d). Spot Gold surged 2.5% to $1,286 (up 11.6%). Silver rose 2.9% to $18.51 (up 15.8%). Crude gained 89 cents to $53.18 (down 1.2%). Gasoline slipped 0.5% (up 4%), and Natural Gas declined 0.7% (down 14%). Copper dropped 2.8% (up 3%). Wheat gained 1.5% (up 9%). Corn jumped 2.9% (up 7%). Trump Administration Watch: April 12 - New York Times (Alan Rappeport): "President Trump made three startling economic policy reversals on Wednesday, stepping away from pledges he made as a candidate and even policies he supported only days ago. The shifts confounded many of Mr. Trump's supporters and suggested that the moderate financiers he brought from Wall Street are eclipsing the White House populist wing led by Stephen K. Bannon... In a series of interviews, Mr. Trump said he no longer wanted to label China a currency manipulator — a week after telling The Financial Times that the Chinese were the 'world champions' of currency manipulation. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, the president said he no longer wanted to eliminate the Export-Import Bank. And he said that he might consider reappointing Janet Yellen as chairwoman of the Federal Reserve when her term ends next year." April 14 - NBC (William M. Arkin, Cynthia McFadden, Courtney Kube and Kenzi Abou-Sabe): "The U.S. is prepared to launch a preemptive strike with conventional weapons against North Korea should officials become convinced that North Korea is about to follow through with a nuclear weapons test, multiple senior U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News. North Korea has warned that a 'big event' is near, and U.S. officials say signs point to a nuclear test that could come as early as this weekend. The intelligence officials told NBC News that the U.S. has positioned two destroyers capable of shooting Tomahawk cruise missiles in the region, one just 300 miles from the North Korean nuclear test site." April 11 - Reuters (Sue-Lin Wong and David Brunnstrom): "North Korean state media warned... of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an 'armada'. Trump, who has urged China to do more to rein in its impoverished ally and neighbor, said in a tweet that North Korea was 'looking for trouble' and the United States would 'solve the problem' with or without Beijing's help." April 12 - New York Times (Julie Hirschfeld Davis and David E. Sanger): "President Trump and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson sought... to isolate President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia for backing the Syrian government in the wake of its lethal chemical weapons attack on civilians, and worked to build international pressure on Moscow to change course. In Washington, Moscow and New York, the Trump administration publicly chastised Mr. Putin but privately worked to hash out increasingly bitter differences with him. At the same time, Mr. Trump embraced NATO — a military alliance he had previously derided as obsolete — as an effective and vital force for peace and security in a region where Russia has been an aggressive actor." April 9 - CNBC (Nyshka Chandran): "As of last week, President Donald Trump's foreign policy vision remained mired in fog. Now, recent developments show an administration that's ready to go on offense. From attacking a Syrian government airfield on Thursday to moving an aircraft carrier group closer to North Korea on Sunday, the White House seems to be pursuing an aggressive approach to reign in rogue nations. 'Clearly, what the Syrian situation does is illustrate that the Trump administration is willing to use force,' Adrian Mowat, managing director and chief Asian/EM equity strategist at J.P. Morgan, told CNBC..." April 14 - Financial Times (Sam Fleming): "The US Treasury warned China that it is closely scrutinising its foreign exchange and trade practices after past interventions caused "significant and long-lasting hardship" for American workers. But it declined to brand the country a currency manipulator despite Donald Trump's campaign pledges. The Treasury's twice-annual report on foreign exchange policies lashed the People's Republic of China for its 'long track record of engaging in persistent, large-scale, one-way foreign exchange intervention' but acknowledged that its more recent practices have aimed to prevent excessive depreciation in its exchange rate." April 12 - Wall Street Journal (Gunjan Banerji): "Volatility watchers are circling a new date on their calendars: April 28. That is when the U.S. government's current funding ends. Lawmakers need to pass a new spending bill by then or they risk triggering a partial government shutdown. The CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, has jumped 29% since April 6 to its highest level since November. The volatility measure is based on options prices and tends to move in the opposite direction of stocks." April 10 - Bloomberg (Billy House): "Members of Congress are back home for a two-week recess after one of the most bitterly divided and least productive starts in recent history. A new, urgent challenge is waiting for them when they return: finding a way to set aside their anger and mistrust long enough to keep the federal government open. Government funding expires on April 28, which will give Congress five days to unveil, debate and pass an enormous spending bill, or trigger a government shutdown. 'What a mess,' said Paul Brace, a congressional expert at Rice University..." April 11 - Wall Street Journal (Jacob M. Schlesinger): "The Trump administration moved Wednesday to ramp up its tougher new trade policy, adding another trade hawk to its policy team, while invoking new import penalties against South Korean steelmakers. The steps help kick into gear a trade agenda that has had a slow start compared with the robust trade rhetoric President Donald Trump used on the campaign trail. Democrats in recent days have sought to capitalize on that delay, portraying Mr. Trump as slow to implement his new 'America First' approach to global commerce..." April 11 - New York Times (Neil Irwin): "As Congress and the Trump administration turn their sights on overhauling the tax code, it's a good time to think about the great three-dimensional brain twister of the 1980s, the Rubik's Cube. That's partly because the first and last time there was a comprehensive rewrite of the tax code, it was 1986. But there is more than that. What makes trying to solve a Rubik's Cube so exasperating is that every rotation you make to align the colors on one side messes up something on one of the other sides. Nothing moves in isolation; everything affects everything else, and rarely for the better. The 1986 tax overhaul took two years. Despite bipartisan backing from the Reagan administration and congressional Democrats, it had many false starts and reversals in its voyage to becoming a law." April 12 - Reuters (David Morgan): "U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan's tax reform blueprint appears to be losing its status as the likely framework for the first major tax overhaul since 1986, with rival approaches emerging from the White House, Senate and other quarters in Congress. Congressional aides, lobbyists and analysts say the changing focus could delay passage of a tax bill until late 2017 or 2018... Like the healthcare bill, the House Republican tax blueprint stems from Ryan's 'A Better Way' legislative agenda launched during the 2016 election campaign." April 11 - Reuters (Jeff Mason and Sarah N. Lynch): "President Donald Trump told a group of chief executives on Tuesday that his administration was revamping the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank and might eliminate the rules and replace them with 'something else.' At the beginning of his administration, Trump ordered reviews of the major banking rules put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, and last week he said officials were planning a "major haircut" for them. 'For the bankers in the room, they'll be very happy because we're really doing a major streamlining and, perhaps, elimination, and replacing it with something else,' Trump said... 'That will be the minimum. But we're doing a major elimination of the horrendous Dodd-Frank regulations, keeping some obviously, but getting rid of many,' he said." China Bubble Watch: April 14 - Reuters (Elias Glenn): "China's banks unexpectedly extended less credit in March than in the previous month as the government tries to contain the risks from an explosive build-up in debt and an overheating housing market. But aggregate financing, which includes bank loans as well as off-balance sheet lending, surged in March and was a record in the first quarter, raising doubts about the effectiveness of official efforts so far to clamp down on risks in the financial system. A surge in household lending in March also added to worries about whether authorities will be able to get the frenzied property market under control... China's total social financing (TSF), a broad measure of credit and liquidity in the economy, rocketed to 2.12 trillion yuan in March from 1.15 trillion yuan in February. For the first quarter, TSF reached a record 6.93 trillion yuan -- roughly equivalent to the size of Mexico's economy -- and well above last year's first quarter total." April 12 - Bloomberg: "China's overseas shipments last month jumped the most in two years as global demand held up. Imports moderated after a holiday-season surge in February and the trade balance rose. Exports rose 16.4% in dollar terms, reversing a 1.3% drop a month earlier... Imports increased 20.3%, pulling back after soaring 38.1% the prior month, to leave a trade surplus of $23.93 billion." April 13 - Wall Street Journal (Lingling Wei): "President Xi Jinping gathered with his economic mandarins in December for their annual strategy meeting at a heavily guarded government hotel. In closed-door sessions, say people familiar with the confab, he made clear what their mandate was for 2017: He would tolerate no wobbliness in the economy. The communiqué coming out of the session singled out one policy objective in particular—keep the yuan stable. What followed has been the marked acceleration of a shift in priorities at the People's Bank of China, the central bank, toward preventing the currency from cratering above all else." April 12 - Bloomberg: "China's bond issuers, faced with 9.7 trillion yuan ($1.4 trillion) of maturing debt this year, are stepping on the gas. Companies and governments sold 1.3 trillion yuan of onshore notes in March, about as much as in the first two months of the year combined... Fitch Ratings expects refinancing needs to drive issuance in the coming months, with corporate debt sales for the year forecast to match or even exceed last year's total. Chinese companies issued a record 9.8 trillion yuan of bonds in 2016." April 11 - Bloomberg: "People's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan's shift toward new tools to steer the economy has swollen a targeted lending program to such a level that outstanding funds are now worth more than the annual output of the Malaysian and Danish economies combined. The Medium-term Lending Facility has increased to 4.1 trillion yuan ($594 billion), with 3.2 trillion yuan coming due from April to December this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. About 2 trillion yuan matured in the same period last year. While the monetary authority has shown a willingness to roll over the funds, with new loans extending maturities in each of the first three months of 2017, the ballooning amount illustrates the challenge Zhou faces as he tries to reduce leverage in the financial system while keeping the monetary base big enough to avoid a credit crunch." April 10 - Bloomberg (Alfred Liu): "Hong Kong's de facto central bank expressed concern about the riskiness of mortgages with high loan-to-value ratios issued by developers... 'The accumulation of these high LTV mortgages may change the risk profiles of these property developers to which banks may have exposures,' Raymond Chan, executive director for banking supervision at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, said... The HKMA said it may ask banks to take additional steps to manage their exposure to the sector." Global Bubble Watch: April 12 - Bloomberg (Brian Chappatta): "Gold and the yen rallied to five-month highs while Treasury note yields approached the lowest levels of the year as investors sought out traditional havens from geopolitical risks. The U.S. equity market's standard fear gauge rose to the highest since November. The yen strengthened versus all of its G-10 peers as tensions in Asia ratcheted higher... U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said during a Group of Seven meeting in Italy that Russia must abandon its support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime." April 11 - Financial Times (Philip Stafford): "The Bank for International Settlements has recommended that central banks become more active participants in the plumbing system that underpins the trading of government bonds to offset increasing market volatility. The bank... said... it had become concerned about the functioning of repo markets because of the effect of accommodative monetary policy and post-crisis regulation, and planned a two-year study to better understand them. The comments from the... institution echo market fears that regulation and expansive policy are collectively having serious repercussions within the $12tn global repo market... Volatility in repo has become more frequent around the end of quarterly reporting periods for financial institutions." April 9 - Wall Street Journal (Ben Eisen, Chris Dieterich and Sam Goldfarb): "Investors are buying record volumes of new bonds... Companies and governments in emerging markets sold $178.5 billion of dollar-denominated debt in the first three months of the year, the best first quarter on record, according to... Dealogic. U.S. companies with junk-bond ratings issued $79.6 billion, double from a year earlier. Highly rated U.S. companies also issued $414.5 billion of debt during the first three months of the year. That was a record for any quarter." April 9 - Wall Street Journal (Chuin-Wei Yap): "Big Chinese banks are lending record volumes abroad in a bid to tap new growth, helped by state-backed ambitions to build infrastructure around the world. For banks, the timing of one of President Xi Jinping's showpiece initiatives—known as 'One Belt, One Road'—is fortuitous: Loans to finance hundreds of projects along ancient trade routes promise oases of profitability amid faltering returns at home. For the first time, three of the country's four largest lenders last year posted larger increases in overseas lending than in domestic corporate loans... Bank of China, the fourth-biggest Chinese lender by assets, was the top originator of overseas corporate loans last year, with 1.7 trillion yuan ($246.8bn) in such lending..." April 10 - Bloomberg (Greg Quinn): "Canadian housing starts surged to the fastest pace in a decade, led by apartments and condominiums. Housing starts soared 18% to an annualized 253,720 units in March, from 214,253 units in February... Multiple-unit starts in urban areas surged 30% to 160,989 units. Housing has been one of the main drivers of Canada's economy over the last several years, as interest rates remain at historically low levels." April 12 - Bloomberg (Michael Heath): "Australia's central bank signaled deeper concern amid 'heightened risks' from rising household debt and escalating property prices in Sydney and Melbourne. The Reserve Bank of Australia... said interest-only loans are rising and now account for almost a quarter of owner-occupier mortgages. It also noted about one-third of mortgage holders have either no buffer or less than one month's repayments." April 10 - Bloomberg (Michael Heath): "Australian business conditions jumped to the highest level since February 2008, signaling the economy could be set to strengthen. A gauge of business conditions -- measuring hiring, sales and profits -- jumped to 14 in March from 9 in February, the highest reading since January 2008..." Fixed Income Bubble Watch: April 10 - Bloomberg (Liz McCormick and Brian Chappatta): "These days, it seems like everyone in the bond market is obsessed over what will happen when the Federal Reserve starts whittling down its mammoth, crisis-era investments in U.S. government bonds. Yet lost in the hullabaloo is one little-noticed fact: there's an even bigger debt pile that could draw buyers away from Treasuries at just the wrong time. In overseas markets, more than $3 trillion of negative-yielding government bonds -- which all but guarantee losses for buy-and-hold investors -- have turned positive in recent months... Foreigners currently own 43% of the $13.9 trillion Treasury market. With the Trump administration's pro-growth agenda likely to swell the public debt burden in coming years, they'll be crucial in helping hold down long-term borrowing costs as the Fed raises interest rates." April 12 - Reuters (Nick Brown): "Bankruptcy for Puerto Rico is looking ever more likely as the clock ticks down toward a May 1 deadline to restructure $70 billion in debt, ramping up uncertainty for anyone betting on returns from the island's widely held U.S. municipal bonds. When U.S. Congress last year passed the Puerto Rico rescue law dubbed PROMESA, it froze creditor lawsuits against the island so its federally appointed oversight board and creditors could negotiate out of court on the biggest debt restructuring in U.S. municipal history. The freeze expires on May 1, however, and an extension by Congress is "not going to happen," said a Republican aide to the House Committee on Natural Resources, which is in charge of territory matters." April 10 - Wall Street Journal (Ben Eisen): "The market for risky bonds sold by U.S. companies is showing a never-seen-before pattern, one sign of how expensive that corner of the market has become. BB-rated junk bonds are now characterized by so-called negative convexity, suggesting that junk bonds become more rate-sensitive as rates rise and less rate-sensitive as rates fall, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. That's something that had never happened until last fall. The upside-down condition is happening largely because many high-yield bonds now have provisions built into them to allow the issuer to redeem them early at a set price." Europe Watch: April 11 - Bloomberg (Stefania Spezzati): "The impending French presidential election is rippling across Europe's bond markets. French bonds fell on Tuesday, increasing the yield spread over Germany to 74 bps. Italian 10-year yields climbed to 2.27%, widening the spread over bunds to the highest level since 2014. Jitters are increasing before the first round of voting on April 23, with polls indicating the stage may be set for a four-way race." April 12 - Wall Street Journal (Gunjan Banerji): "Investors have exuded sangfroid about the French presidential election, largely ignoring the risk of Marine Le Pen's far-right Front National riding on the populist wave that propelled Brexiters and Donald Trump to victory. Such market composure always seemed too good to be true, and this week it showed signs of cracking. As the first round of election on April 23 nears, the cost of insuring against a volatile swing in the euro has jumped. One-month options contracts on the euro-dollar pair have risen to their highest level since the fortnight before the Brexit vote." April 12 - Financial Times (Joël Gombin): "Could Marine Le Pen, leader of the far-right National Front (FN), become the next president of France? Since January, opinion polls have consistently suggested that she will win around 26% of the vote in the first round of the presidential election at the end of April, a score in line with those the FN achieved in the European Parliament elections in 2014 and the regional elections in 2015. More recent polls have her at between 23 and 24%, but this would still be enough to ensure she makes it into the run-off in early May. But once there, her chances of prevailing are slim to non-existent. Since President François Hollande withdrew from the race in December, no poll has had Ms Le Pen winning in the second round against the independent centrist Emmanuel Macron or indeed any other opponent. Most surveys give her a second-round score of around 40%." April 11 - Wall Street Journal (Christopher Whittall and Riva Gold): "Investors' next political test is the French election, but many are zeroing in on a different European risk for global markets: Italy. French bonds and shares sold off this week as investors focused again on the country's presidential election, a two-round vote that begins on April 23 and has triggered concerns of a win for anti-euro candidate Marine Le Pen. Italian bonds also came under pressure and continued to weaken on Wednesday, even as French debt rallied. Those moves came as investors looked beyond France's election to the problems of Italy, the third-largest economy in the eurozone." April 12 - Reuters (Jeremy Gaunt): "The euro zone's greatest existential threat may no longer center on small, peripheral countries such as Greece and Portugal dragging it down, but instead on the prospect that its third largest economy, Italy, could abandon ship. Two recent economic reports show what the euro has meant to Italians and why polls suggest they are no longer keen. One suggests they are poorer as a result of being part of the currency bloc, the other that they are falling further behind their counterparts in main trading partner Germany. It is a distant risk to the currency bloc that Italy will actually walk away, but not beyond imagination. Italy's 5-Star movement, which wants to dump the euro through a referendum, has been surging in opinion polls recently, getting as much as a third of the vote in a March Corriere Della Sera poll. The anti-European Union Northern League got another 12 or so percent - and there are others." Federal Reserve Watch: April 11 - Wall Street Journal (David Harrison): "Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen indicated... that the era of extremely stimulative monetary policy was coming to an end. ...Ms. Yellen said the Fed was moving away from its efforts to revive a recession-scarred economy and focusing instead on maintaining the gains of the past few years. That will change the central bank's policy-making stance, she said, noting that Fed officials plan to continue gradually raising interest rates unless the economy begins to deteriorate. 'Where before we had our foot pressed down on the gas pedal trying to give the economy all the oomph we possibly could, now [we're] allowing the economy to kind of coast and remain on an even keel... To give it some gas, but not so much that we're pressing down hard on the accelerator.'" U.S. Bubble Watch: April 13 - Reuters (David Henry): "Big U.S. banks revealed more evidence of a slowdown in loan growth in their earnings reports..., though executives assured there is still healthy demand from borrowers and no reason to worry about the state of the economy. JPMorgan... and Citigroup Inc posted higher first-quarter earnings that beat analysts' expectations on large gains in trading revenue. Wells Fargo... reported a slight dip in profit due to a slowdown in mortgage banking. The results underscored concerns expressed recently by analysts and investors that higher interest rates, combined with uncertainty about geopolitical events, could hurt economic growth - and therefore crimp lenders' bottom lines." April 9 - Financial Times (Rana Foroohar): "Rapid run-ups in debt are the single biggest predictor of market trouble. So it is worth noting that over the past 10 years the amount of student loan debt in the US has grown by 170%, to a whopping $1.4tn — more than car loans, or credit card debt. Indeed, as an expert at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau recently pointed out to me, since 2008 we have basically swapped a housing debt bubble for a student loan bubble... In America, 44m people have student debt. Eight million of those borrowers are in default... While the headline consumer price index is 2.7%, between 2016 and 2017 published tuition and fee prices rose by 9% at four-year state institutions, and 13% at posher private colleges." April 11 - Wall Street Journal (Gunjan Banerji): "The popular Wall Street trade of shorting volatility stumbled this week as a sharp reversal in markets forced investors to unwind their bets. Concerns over U.S. policy changes and geopolitical developments across the globe sparked a flight to safety on Tuesday, sending stocks and government bond yields lower. The CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX — a gauge that tracks investor anxiety — bounced back sharply, jumping 8% to 15.17, on track for the highest close since the U.S. presidential election on Nov. 8." April 11 - Financial Times (Alistair Gray): "More than a million new apartments have sprung up across the US in a post-crisis construction surge. Now bankers who funded the boom are worried: have developers built too much? As concerns grow about a supply glut, financial watchdogs this month began scrutinising how the largest lenders would cope with a property market crash. Officials at the Federal Reserve ordered banks to set out how they would fare if commercial real estate (CRE) prices dropped 35% and rental apartment values collapsed by more... Almost a decade since the financial crisis — when CRE prices dropped as much as 40%, even more than residential housing — bankers as well as regulators are again growing nervous about the sector." April 11 - Wall Street Journal (Peter Grant): "Commercial real-estate lending by banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions is declining as sales activity slows and regulators voice concern about the sector. Lenders closed roughly $491 billion of mortgage loans backed by U.S. property in 2016, down 3% from 2015... Most of the decline occurred in the fourth quarter, when volume was 7% lower than the same quarter in 2015... Despite the decrease, the new-volume number was the third highest since the association began doing the survey, behind 2015 and the record year of 2007." April 10 - Bloomberg (Romy Varghese): "California cities and counties will see their required contributions to the largest U.S. pension fund almost double in five years, according to an analysis by the California Policy Center. In the fiscal year beginning in July, local payments to the California Public Employees' Retirement System will total $5.3 billion and rise to $9.8 billion in fiscal 2023... The increase reflects Calpers' decision in December to roll back the expected rate of return on its investments. That means the system's 3,000 cities, counties, school districts and other public agencies will have to put more taxpayer money into the fund because they can't count as heavily on anticipated investment income to cover future benefit checks." Japan Watch: April 10 - Bloomberg (Pavel Alpeyev and Takako Taniguchi): "The troubles at Japan's Toshiba Corp. grew deeper as the 142-year-old conglomerate warned it may not be able to continue as a going concern because of losses from its Westinghouse Electric nuclear business... The disclosure came... as the... company took the unusual step of reporting third quarter earnings without approval from its auditors. Toshiba said losses last year had left it with negative shareholders equity of 225.6 billion yen ($2.1bn)..." EM Watch: April 12 - Bloomberg (Michael Heath): "Brazil's central bank signaled further aggressive key rate cuts are in store after slashing borrowing costs by the most in nearly eight years to help boost growth. Policy makers... voted unanimously to reduce the benchmark rate by a full percentage point to 11.25% following two 75 bps cuts. The monetary authority has lowered borrowing costs 300 bps since beginning the easing cycle in October." Geopolitical Watch: April 12 - Reuters (Nobuhiro Kubo): "Japan's navy plans a joint show of force with the U.S. Navy's USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group as it steams towards the Korean peninsula aimed at deterring secretive North Korean regime from further missile tests, two sources said. With tension growing markedly, the Korean peninsula is the closest it has been to a 'military clash' since Pyongyang's first nuclear test in 2006, an influential state-run Chinese newspaper said..." April 12 - Reuters (Sue-Lin Wong and David Brunnstrom): "North Korean state media warned... of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an 'armada'. Trump, who has urged China to do more to rein in its impoverished ally and neighbor, said in a tweet that North Korea was 'looking for trouble' and the United States would 'solve the problem' with or without Beijing's help." April 8 - Wall Street Journal (Asa Fitch): "Following a U.S. strike on a Syrian air base, Iran has sought to buttress ties with a key ally: Russia. On Saturday, several Iranian military officials and diplomats discussed the conflict in Syria with Russian counterparts, after dozens of U.S. Tomahawk cruise missile strikes on Thursday targeted the Shayrat Airfield near Homs, Syria. The U.S. strikes marked the first time during Syria's civil war that the U.S. directly targeted the regime of Iran's close ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad..."     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Doug Noland Doug Noland Credit Bubble Bulletin I just wrapped up 25 years (persevering) as a "professional bear." My lucky break came in late-1989, when I was hired by Gordon Ringoen to be the trader for his short-biased hedge fund in San Francisco. Working as a short-side trader, analyst and portfolio manager during the great nineties bull market - for one of the most brilliant individuals I've met - was an exciting, demanding and, in the end, a grueling and absolutely invaluable learning experience. Later in the nineties, I had stints at Fleckenstein Capital and East Shore Partners. In January 1999, I began my 16 year run with PrudentBear, working as strategist and portfolio manager with David Tice in Dallas until the bear funds were sold in December 2008. In the early-nineties, I became an impassioned reader of The Richebacher Letter. The great Dr. Richebacher opened my eyes to Austrian economics and solidified my lifetime passion for economics and macro analysis. I had the good fortune to assist Dr. Richebacher with his publication from 1996 through 2001. Prior to my work in investments, I worked as a treasury analyst at Toyota's U.S. headquarters. It was working at Toyota during the Japanese Bubble period and the 1987 stock market crash where I first recognized my love for macro analysis. Fresh out of college I worked as a Price Waterhouse CPA. I graduated summa cum laude from the University of Oregon (Accounting and Finance majors, 1984) and later received an MBA from Indiana University (1989). By late in the nineties, I was convinced that momentous developments were unfolding in finance, the markets and policymaking that were going unrecognized by conventional analysis and the media. I was inspired to start my blog, which became the Credit Bubble Bulletin, by the desire to shed light on these developments. I believe there is great value in contemporaneous analysis, and I'll point to Benjamin Anderson's brilliant writings in the "Chase Economic Bulletin" during the Roaring Twenties and Great Depression era. Ben Bernanke has referred to understanding the forces leading up to the Great Depression as the "Holy Grail of Economics." I believe "The Grail" will instead be discovered through knowledge and understanding of the current extraordinary global Bubble period. Disclaimer: Doug Noland is not a financial advisor nor is he providing investment services. This blog does not provide investment advice and Doug Noland's comments are an expression of opinion only and should not be construed in any manner whatsoever as recommendations to buy or sell a stock, option, future, bond, commodity or any other financial instrument at any time. The Credit Bubble Bulletins are copyrighted. Doug's writings can be reproduced and retransmitted so long as a link to his blog is provided. Copyright © 2015-2017 Doug Noland All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first-quarter growth Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first-quarter growth USA-ECONOMY:U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first-quarter growthReuters | Updated: Apr 14, 2017, 10.06 PM IST By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. But with the labor market near full employment, Friday's weak reports failed to change views that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again in June. Economists expect a rebound in both retail sales and monthly inflation. "For the Fed, the underlying momentum is more important in terms of policy decisions, and that looks to be strong, supported by a tightening labor market, rising incomes and high consumer confidence," said Gregory Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said retail sales dropped 0.2 percent last month after a 0.3 percent decrease in February, which was the first and biggest decline in nearly a year. Compared to March last year retail sales increased 5.2 percent. Economists had forecast retail sales slipping 0.1 percent. Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales rebounded 0.5 percent last month after falling 0.2 percent in February. These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product. Despite last month's rebound in core retail sales, consumer spending likely braked sharply in the first quarter after growing at a brisk 3.5 percent annualized rate in the final three months of 2016. The apparent slowdown in consumption is partly blamed on the late disbursement of income tax refunds by the government as it sought to combat fraud. The Atlanta Fed lowered its first-quarter GDP estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.5 percent rate, which would be the weakest performance in three years. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. With job growth averaging 178,000 per month in the first quarter, the anticipated slowdown in GDP likely understates the health of the economy. First-quarter GDP tends to be weaker because of calculation problems that the government has acknowledged and is working to resolve. Retail sales last month were undercut by a 1.2 percent tumble in receipts at auto dealerships. It was the third straight monthly drop in auto sales. Lower gasoline prices also undermined retail through a 1.0 percent drop in receipts at service stations. POCKETS OF STRENGTH A 1.5 percent plunge in sales at building material stores was also a drag. But electronics and appliances store sales recorded their biggest rise since June 2015. Receipts at clothing stores increased by the most in a year, despite declining mall traffic and increased competition from online retailers, led by Amazon.com. Retailers like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Abercrombie & Fitch and Macy's Inc are scaling back on brick-and-mortar operations. U.S. financial markets were closed for the Good Friday holiday. In a separate report, the Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in March, the first decline in 13 months and biggest decrease since January 2015 amid falling prices for gasoline and mobile phone services, which offset rising rents and food costs. The CPI nudged up 0.1 percent in February. In the 12 months through March, the CPI rose 2.4 percent, slowing from February's 2.7 percent increase. The so-called core CPI, which strips out food and energy costs, fell 0.1 percent, the first and biggest drop since January 2010, after rising 0.2 percent in February. The year-on-year increase in the core CPI slowed to 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015, from 2.2 percent in February. "We don't think this is enough to cause the Fed to swerve from their stated desire to continue gradually increasing the funds rate, though it may embolden the doves' rhetoric," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York The Fed has a 2 percent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is at 1.8 percent. The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. A 6.2 percent drop in gasoline prices was the biggest factor in the monthly decline in the CPI, which was also weighed down by a record 7.0 percent plunge in the cost of wireless telephone services. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Checking In: Using Skype to Reach Patients Mitel The Site All Women Just Love, See Why Tophatter Order Your 30-Day Kit of Delicious Meals & Start Losing We.. Medifast® More from The Times of India Indian-American enters governor's race in New Jersey Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Vinod Khanna hospitalised From the Web More From The Times of India See the Best of the New England Coast By CarConnecticut Tourism How safe are your crane operations? We can help.Travelers Get a First Hand Look at the New Uses of 3D PrintingTravelers Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop NowMicrosoft 18 Housekeeping Hacks to Steal from GrandmaActivly Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter LK Advani cancels meeting with Arvind Kejriwal Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends Funny Video: Life cycle of an MBA graduate ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular US drops biggest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan targeting ISIS caves Petrol, diesel prices to change every day from May 1 Is Sunil Grover hinting at Kapil Sharma with his latest 'shoe' picture? 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. Ad: TheFinancialWord.com Infosys spooks D-Street: Nifty, Sensex end in red Markets see worst weekly loss in 2017 after Infosys disappointed with 2.83 per cent drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 3,603 crore for the quarter ended March 31 compared with Rs 3,708 crore posted for the sequential quarter ended December 31, 2016. Infosys doing very well in cash flow generation: Vishal Sikka Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka was cautious at the customary media conference post March quarter earnings. He claimed the IT major was doing well on all segments, especially in the new businesses, but a seasonally soft quarter affected the company’s performance. From around the Web She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Best & Worst Home Solar Companies Finally Ranked. BestCompany Sponsored Ads Women are surprised Clarks has this much style Clarks More From The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Sara Khan was forced to stay in Pakistan for a week Read Moreusa-economyReutersOxford EconomicsNew YorkLucia Mutikani Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Takata rescue talks extended, even as bankruptcy risk looms Emmanuel Macron's presidential election policies U.S. FDA declines to approve Eli Lilly and Incyte arthritis drug Olumiant Tokyo futures prices after evening session April 14, 2017 1U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first-quarter growth 2Takata rescue talks extended, even as bankruptcy risk looms 3Emmanuel Macron's presidential election policies 4U.S. FDA declines to approve Eli Lilly and Incyte arthritis drug Olumiant 5Tokyo futures prices after evening session April 14, 2017 Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Kulbhushan Jadhav BHIM app RPS vs GL Live Score Live: PM Modi in Nagpur RCB vs MI US bombs Afganistan Arvind Kejriwal Yogi Adityanath Afghanistan Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions League DD vs RPS Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mister Review Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Nanjangud bypoll RCB Vs MI Mister Review xXx Begum Jaan Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak Q1 growth Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak Q1 growth USA-ECONOMY/ (WRAPUP 3):WRAPUP 3-U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak Q1 growthReuters | Updated: Apr 14, 2017, 10.06 PM IST (Updates with revised GDP forecast, new analyst comment) * Retail sales fall 0.2 percent in March * Core retail sales increase 0.5 percent * Consumer prices fall 0.3 percent; up 2.4 pct year-on-year * Core CPI drops 0.1 percent; up 2.0 percent year-on-year By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON, April 14 (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. But with the labor market near full employment, Friday's weak reports failed to change views that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again in June. Economists expect a rebound in both retail sales and monthly inflation. "For the Fed, the underlying momentum is more important in terms of policy decisions, and that looks to be strong, supported by a tightening labor market, rising incomes and high consumer confidence," said Gregory Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said retail sales dropped 0.2 percent last month after a 0.3 percent decrease in February, which was the first and biggest decline in nearly a year. Compared to March last year retail sales increased 5.2 percent. Economists had forecast retail sales slipping 0.1 percent. Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales rebounded 0.5 percent last month after falling 0.2 percent in February. These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product. Despite last month's rebound in core retail sales, consumer spending likely braked sharply in the first quarter after growing at a brisk 3.5 percent annualized rate in the final three months of 2016. The apparent slowdown in consumption is partly blamed on the late disbursement of income tax refunds by the government as it sought to combat fraud. The Atlanta Fed lowered its first-quarter GDP estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.5 percent rate, which would be the weakest performance in three years. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. With job growth averaging 178,000 per month in the first quarter, the anticipated slowdown in GDP likely understates the health of the economy. First-quarter GDP tends to be weaker because of calculation problems that the government has acknowledged and is working to resolve. Retail sales last month were undercut by a 1.2 percent tumble in receipts at auto dealerships. It was the third straight monthly drop in auto sales. Lower gasoline prices also undermined retail through a 1.0 percent drop in receipts at service stations. POCKETS OF STRENGTH A 1.5 percent plunge in sales at building material stores was also a drag. But electronics and appliances store sales recorded their biggest rise since June 2015. Receipts at clothing stores increased by the most in a year, despite declining mall traffic and increased competition from online retailers, led by Amazon.com. Retailers like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Abercrombie & Fitch and Macy's Inc are scaling back on brick-and-mortar operations. U.S. financial markets were closed for the Good Friday holiday. In a separate report, the Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in March, the first decline in 13 months and biggest decrease since January 2015 amid falling prices for gasoline and mobile phone services, which offset rising rents and food costs. The CPI nudged up 0.1 percent in February. In the 12 months through March, the CPI rose 2.4 percent, slowing from February's 2.7 percent increase. The so-called core CPI, which strips out food and energy costs, fell 0.1 percent, the first and biggest drop since January 2010, after rising 0.2 percent in February. The year-on-year increase in the core CPI slowed to 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015, from 2.2 percent in February. "We don't think this is enough to cause the Fed to swerve from their stated desire to continue gradually increasing the funds rate, though it may embolden the doves' rhetoric," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York The Fed has a 2 percent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is at 1.8 percent. The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. A 6.2 percent drop in gasoline prices was the biggest factor in the monthly decline in the CPI, which was also weighed down by a record 7.0 percent plunge in the cost of wireless telephone services. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Their happy world was shattered by Cancer! MILAAP 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer 26 unbelievable photos of Earth by NASA Fropky More from The Times of India Indian-American enters governor's race in New Jersey Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Vinod Khanna hospitalised From the Web More From The Times of India Baby Girish Needs A Liver Transplant To Live!MILAAP 3-yr-old Hari's Heart Is Giving Up. Save Him!MILAAP 10 Most Breathtaking Highways Of The WorldCrazyFreelancer This little boy has cancer and needs help!MILAAP 10 Times Aamir Khan Movies Flopped!BOLLYWOODUNION IPL Match Highlights: Delhi Daredevils v Kings XI Punjab In-flight AC shuts, flyers feel the heat 2 women tricked into sharing private photos on phone Ramadevi flyover to open within a week 'HSC' papers: Board seeks CCTV footage of restaurant ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular US drops biggest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan targeting ISIS caves Petrol, diesel prices to change every day from May 1 Is Sunil Grover hinting at Kapil Sharma with his latest 'shoe' picture? Help Pavan fight Blood Cancer and live! Ad: MILAAP Infosys spooks D-Street: Nifty, Sensex end in red Markets see worst weekly loss in 2017 after Infosys disappointed with 2.83 per cent drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 3,603 crore for the quarter ended March 31 compared with Rs 3,708 crore posted for the sequential quarter ended December 31, 2016. Infosys doing very well in cash flow generation: Vishal Sikka Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka was cautious at the customary media conference post March quarter earnings. He claimed the IT major was doing well on all segments, especially in the new businesses, but a seasonally soft quarter affected the company’s performance. From around the Web 26 photos by NASA that will shock you Fropky Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancer More From The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Sara Khan was forced to stay in Pakistan for a week Read Moreusa-economyReutersOxford EconomicsNew YorkLucia Mutikani Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Takata rescue talks extended, even as bankruptcy risk looms Emmanuel Macron's presidential election policies U.S. FDA declines to approve Eli Lilly and Incyte arthritis drug Olumiant Tokyo futures prices after evening session April 14, 2017 1U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak Q1 growth 2Takata rescue talks extended, even as bankruptcy risk looms 3Emmanuel Macron's presidential election policies 4U.S. FDA declines to approve Eli Lilly and Incyte arthritis drug Olumiant 5Tokyo futures prices after evening session April 14, 2017 Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Kulbhushan Jadhav BHIM app RPS vs GL Live Score Live: PM Modi in Nagpur RCB vs MI US bombs Afganistan Arvind Kejriwal Yogi Adityanath Afghanistan Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions League DD vs RPS Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mister Review Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Nanjangud bypoll RCB Vs MI Mister Review xXx Begum Jaan Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
