Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Raised to GBX 340 Coach Inc (COH) PT Set at $42.00 by BMO Capital Markets I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Trakm8 Holdings PLC (TRAK) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Stock Price Down 8.9% After Earnings Miss Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) PT Set at €89.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) a €20.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Manulife Financial Corp. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (MFC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Lowered by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC (LON:BARC)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 225 ($2.91) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 7.68% from the company’s previous close. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on BARC. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 230 ($2.97) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 260 ($3.36) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 270 ($3.49) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, BNP Paribas reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 245 ($3.16) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 223.79 ($2.89). Shares of Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) opened at 208.95 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 219.81 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 219.07. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 35.43 billion. Barclays PLC has a one year low of GBX 121.10 and a one year high of GBX 267.32. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were given a GBX 2 ($0.03) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. This is a boost from Barclays PLC’s previous dividend of $1.00. This represents a dividend yield of 0.82%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/barclays-plc-barc-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Ian Cheshire bought 50,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 210 ($2.71) per share, for a total transaction of £105,000 ($135,571.34). Barclays PLC Company Profile Barclays PLC is a global financial services holding company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. The Company’s segments include Barclays UK and Barclays International. The Barclays UK segment includes the local consumer, small business, the United Kingdom wealth and credit cards business. Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Raised to GBX 340 Coach Inc (COH) PT Set at $42.00 by BMO Capital Markets I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Trakm8 Holdings PLC (TRAK) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Stock Price Down 8.9% After Earnings Miss Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) PT Set at €89.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) a €20.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Manulife Financial Corp. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (MFC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Lowered by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Raised to GBX 340 May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) had its price target hoisted by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 330 ($4.26) to GBX 340 ($4.39) in a research report issued on Tuesday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the natural resources company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target points to a potential upside of 18.55% from the company’s current price. GLEN has been the topic of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 365 ($4.71) price target (down previously from GBX 390 ($5.04)) on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. AlphaValue reiterated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 337 ($4.35) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 410 ($5.29) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 390 ($5.04) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.68) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Glencore PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 344.52 ($4.45). Shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) opened at 286.80 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 40.87 billion. Glencore PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 124.55 and a 1-year high of GBX 347.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 314.21 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 297.14. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be given a dividend of €0.04 ($0.04) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/glencore-plc-glen-pt-raised-to-gbx-340.html. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value The list of dominated by banks in the United States and China. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 3, 2017 at 10:11PM Over the past decade, the world's biggest banks have only gotten bigger, as growth and industry consolidation have continued to bolster their balance sheets. The 10 largest financial institutions in the world now have market capitalizations of at least $100 billion each. Bank Market Capitalization at End of Q1 2017 JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) $319 billion Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) $282 billion Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) $257 billion Industrial & Commercial Bank of China $246 billion China Construction Bank $202 billion Citigroup $165 billion HSBC $161 billion Agricultural Bank of China $157 billion Bank of China $155 billion Commonwealth Bank of Australia $119 billion Data source: Bank of America. JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America can all thank major acquisitions for their places at the top of the list. In 2008 alone: JPMorgan Chase bought Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. Wells Fargo more than doubled in size by acquiring Wachovia. Bank of America inked its long-desired purchase of Merrill Lynch. Moreover, given that most banks are leveraged by a factor of 10-to-1 or more, market capitalization gives only a partial hint of these banks' true size. To this end, JPMorgan Chase has $2.6 trillion worth of assets on its balance sheet, compared with $2.3 trillion at Bank of America and $2.0 trillion at Wells Fargo. Image source: Getty Images. And you can even take this one step further by including assets under management and/or custody. These aren't held on a bank's balance sheet but instead are merely administered on behalf of clients, who retain the assets on their own balance sheets. That would add $481 billion to Wells Fargo's heft, $2.6 trillion to Bank of America (if you factor in all of its clients balances), and nearly $25 trillion to JPMorgan Chase, which serves as one of only a handful of custodial banks, overseeing trillions of dollars' worth of assets for institutional investors. Most of the other banks on this list, aside from the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and HSBC, are based in China. This illustrates the point that Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, has made repeatedly over the past few years: If regulators in the United States break up the country's biggest banks, they'll cede the apex of global finance to institutions in China. "I do not want any American to look back in 20 years and try to figure out how and why America's banks lost the leadership position in financial services," Dimon wrote in his 2015 shareholder letter. "If not us, it will be someone else and likely a Chinese bank." The thing to watch going forward, in turn, is whether China's banks will in fact eventually emerge on top. The country is growing faster, it faces less stringent financial regulations, and its banks have the express backing of the government, given the blurring between public and private institutions in the East Asian country.  John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 3, 2017 at 10:11PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.77 up $0.24 (1.02%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 up $0.50 (0.58%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $54.85 up $0.69 (1.27%) Read More A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report JPMorgan Chase Reports Strong 1Q Earnings How Satisfied Are Bank of America’s Customers? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ferrellgas Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ferrellgas Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Position Reduced by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Sells 700 Shares of Wabash National Co. (WNC) Nwam LLC Buys New Stake in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Transocean LTD (RIG) Shares Sold by Nwam LLC Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC Searle & CO. Maintains Stake in CA, Inc. (CA) New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.36 Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Omnicom Group (OMC) Stock Price Lightbridge Corp (LTBR) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Issues Earnings Results Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results LSV Asset Management Has $94.342 Million Stake in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.17 EPS Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) CFO Theodore Blegen Sells 177 Shares of Stock Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Acquires 1,341 Shares Renasant Corp. (RNST) Director Michael D. Shmerling Acquires 500 Shares Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI) Position Raised by LSV Asset Management Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nwam LLC raised its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP) by 149.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 25,627 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 15,350 shares during the period. Nwam LLC’s holdings in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. were worth $154,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,059,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. by 34.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 404,911 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,713,000 after buying an additional 104,459 shares in the last quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. by 272.4% in the first quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 350,823 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $2,105,000 after buying an additional 256,617 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. by 52.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 211,506 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $1,268,000 after buying an additional 73,177 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Picton Mahoney Asset Management acquired a new stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. during the third quarter valued at about $2,328,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 7.21% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP) traded down 2.37% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $5.77. The company had a trading volume of 416,135 shares. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. has a 52 week low of $5.04 and a 52 week high of $20.85. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $5.98 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.02. The company’s market capitalization is $560.57 million. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 9th. The oil and gas company reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.28. The firm earned $579.25 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $654.13 million. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P.’s quarterly revenue was down 10.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.58 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. will post ($0.23) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/ferrellgas-partners-l-p-fgp-shares-bought-by-nwam-llc.html. FGP has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Bank of America Corp set a $5.00 target price on Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Zacks Investment Research cut Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $6.00 target price on shares of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $11.67. In other news, Director Pamela A. Breuckmann bought 18,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $5.82 per share, for a total transaction of $104,760.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Company insiders own 0.48% of the company’s stock. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. Company Profile Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. is engaged in the retail distribution of propane and related equipment sales, and midstream operations, which include crude oil logistics. The Company’s segments include propane and related equipment sales, midstream operations-crude oil logistics, and corporate and other. The propane and related equipment sales segment consists of the distribution of propane and related equipment and supplies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FGP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP). Receive News & Ratings for Ferrellgas Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ferrellgas Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business Home LBoard Pakatan Harapan invites public to submit logo design FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US JPMorgan set to move hundreds of staff from UK over Brexit AFP | May 4, 2017 JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon warned before last year's referendum that as many as 4,000 British jobs could be relocated. LONDON: US bank JPMorgan will move hundreds of staff from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as part of their Brexit plans, the firm’s head of investment banking said Wednesday. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers.” UK-based banks and other financial firms face losing “passporting” rights to sell services to clients operating in the European Union once Britain definitively quits the EU in March 2019. Talks between the two sides are not set to begin until after a UK general election slated for June 8, at which Prime Minister Theresa May is expected to be returned with an increased majority. Many banks are now looking to cities in the eurozone to set up a European presence supervised by the European Central Bank. JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon warned before last year’s referendum that as many as 4,000 British jobs could be relocated. Deutsche Bank said last week it could move up to 4,000 jobs away from Britain, while Goldman Sachs has said it expected to begin relocating positions next year. Standard Chartered said Wednesday that it had chosen Frankfurt as its new hub. “We have looked at a number of locations but the choice of Frankfurt was very natural,” bank chairman Jose Vinals said. Estimates for the possible number of jobs to be lost by London’s key financial sector range from as few as 4,000 to as many as 232,000. Around 700,000 people currently work in the City of London. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Tough cookies brave heights at Hong Kong bun festival ‘Love locks’ on the block in Paris charity auction ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Dad of boy forced to drink poison did not initially believe… Arul Kanda must quit 1MDB over Bandar Malaysia fiasco Dispute arises as Bandar Malaysia deal collapses Snap polls in Selangor? Recent court ruling says online admins not liable for… Bandar Malaysia fallout: China’s loss, Japan’s… North Korea media warns China of ‘grave… BNM: Investors can be charged too over financial scams Rafizi dakwa penasihat PM, penganjur zikir terima wang akaun Trader held for murder of mentally unstable man ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Arul Kanda must quit 1MDB over Bandar Malaysia fiasco Snap polls in Selangor? When the Federal Constitution is overused, it becomes useless Why challenging the loyalty of 1.75 million non-Malays is wrong Apa yang diperlukan sekolah agama di Malaysia We don’t protect our children enough More... FMT Bahasa Sultan Johor selar akhbar ‘bungkus nasi lemak’ Rumah terbakar, 5 sekeluarga melecur teruk Zahid: 2 warga Turki ditahan disyaki terlibat dengan IS Rizal Mansor dan Adun DAP berselisih lagi mengenai Rosmah 3 kapal perang China singgah di Pulau Pinang minggu depan Selepas dibidas, Pakatan ajak orang ramai reka logo More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Thursday | May 04, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest May 04, 11:54 am Attackers of Indian soldiers escaped with help of Pakistan, alleges Arun Jaitley May 04, 11:28 am Won't let anyone influence PSL spot-fixing scandal: Najam Sethi May 04, 11:11 am ISIS militants developing own social media platform: Europol May 04, 10:59 am 'Muhammad' most popular boys' name in London May 04, 10:55 am Shameful that PML-N questions overseas Pakistanis' loyalty just because they support PTI: Imran Khan May 04, 10:16 am Three-year-old sexually assaulted in Delhi May 04, 10:09 am PTI taking Asghar Khan case to Supreme Court May 04, 09:36 am Road accident injures PPP leader Faisal Hayat and driver   COIN: Reducing 360,000 hours of work into seconds JP Morgan's innovation army is looking for creative ways in which technology can be deployed by identifying patterns and relationships May 04, 2017, 1:36 am SHARE : Muhammad Suleman Tweet Imagine the work done by more than 1,000 people is completed effectively and accurately by single piece of software. The long hours spread over months or years being replaced by highly innovative software taking quality and accuracy to a whole new level. Almost every department or area of work has room for innovation and improvement. Organizations, companies, departments and strategist are always working or redefining planning techniques to ensure maximum work effectiveness with minimum resources. One bank has taken an initiative and is heading into a direction where no one has gone before. JP Morgan’s CTO James, has introduced a highly sophisticated, innovative technological wonder that replaces 360,000 hours of document reading/verifying and acknowledging legal clauses in SECONDS. Contract Intelligence (COIN) uses machine learning to review and interpret commercial loan agreements. The document is able to scan over documents in seconds and is less error prone than human beings. COIN is just the tip of the iceberg for JP Morgan Chase, which is determined to automate some more mundane tasks and create new tools for bankers. Project COIN works effectively by utilizing Machine Learning; phenomena which is based closely on heuristics and human intelligence. The forward strategy is to replace human labor with human intelligence and provide clear vision for utilizing technology to its maximum peak. JP Morgan is planning to release the final version of the project, to ensure that there is minimum wastage of resources, and the technology team can focus on the real tasks. So what’s the result? "As for COIN, the program has helped JP Morgan cut down on loan-servicing mistakes, most of which stemmed from human error in interpreting 12,000 new wholesale contracts per year, according to its designers.“ JP Morgan's innovation army is looking for creative ways in which technology can be deployed by identifying patterns and relationships. The way forward is to use it for other times of complicated legal documentations and e-commerce solutions. This would be a key milestone in understanding, analyzing and interpretation regulations and corporate communications. All this will come with detailed, systematic and correct results with minimum or zero mistakes. All this innovation is just the tip of the iceberg, according to Finance Chief Marianne Lake who remarked: “We’re willing to invest to stay ahead of the curve, even if in the final analysis some of that money will go to product or a service that wasn’t needed”. It appears that more automation, and perhaps less lawyers, is the future of JP Morgan.     Tweet More by Muhammad Suleman Muhammad Suleman is an Information Security Consultant with diverse experience in Ethical Hacking and Cyber Security RELATED NEWS May 06, 2009, 12:08 pm Zardari urges US to provide drone technology December 20, 2008, 3:42 pm Barack Obama names science, technology team November 15, 2008, 9:18 am French, Russian and US companies offering nuke technology to India: Jairam Ramesh May 01, 2008, 2:49 pm Deptt ordered to promote science, technology: Gilani MORE IN BLOGS May 03, 2017, 11:55 pm The infallible thought May 03, 2017, 1:37 am Thus Heer Spoke: A literary marvel May 03, 2017, 1:25 am Pakistan’s geographical labor mobility and the bitter realities of illegal migration to Europe May 02, 2017, 5:34 pm Indo-Pak backchannel diplomacy can’t work unless India unequivocally agrees to hold plebiscite in ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented India and Pakistan 'must reunite as one country', says ... Panama Papers: SC rejects SBP, SECP nominations for JIT PTI leader Hassan Talpur arrested after misbehaving with SHO Blue Whale 'suicide game' big concern for parents India and Pakistan 'must reunite as one country', says ... We owe it to Kashmir Panama Papers: SC rejects SBP, SECP nominations for JIT Zardari says won't let Nawaz 'take' Senate LATEST COMMENTS Salman Khan Kashmir wants to be the part of Pakistan. How many of you want to save Kashmir from Indian Gov. If you really think that Kashmir should be the part of Pakistan , Please sign this petition. Result will... Feroz It is not what the US does in Afghanistan which interests observers, it is what Trump does to Pakistan to mend its ways which is of great interest. Feroz We have to see where its policies lead Pakistan. Dignitaries visiting to offer platitudes does not address the issue of terror sanctuaries. Being allied to forces wreaking violence in Afghanistan refl... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Salman Khan Kashmir wants to be the part of Pakistan. How many of you want to save Kashmir from Indian Gov. If you really think that Kashmir should be the part of Pakistan , Please sign this petition. Result will... Feroz It is not what the US does in Afghanistan which interests observers, it is what Trump does to Pakistan to mend its ways which is of great interest. Feroz We have to see where its policies lead Pakistan. Dignitaries visiting to offer platitudes does not address the issue of terror sanctuaries. Being allied to forces wreaking violence in Afghanistan refl... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Drivers Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Markets US EU Asia Oil Bonds Gold Stocks can rally now that the cloudy skies hanging over the market are clearing, JPMorgan says There's greater "clarity" on tax reform, earnings and the French election, Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, head of U.S. equity strategy and global quant research at JPMorgan Securities, said in a Wednesday note. As a result, the S&P 500 could likely top his year-end price target of 2,400. Hedge funds have recently sold stocks, and a better environment for markets also sets up for more buyers to come in and send stocks higher, the note said. Evelyn Cheng | @chengevelyn 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Eric Feferberg | AFP | Getty Images Supporters of French presidential election candidate for the En Marche ! movement celebrate after the results of the first round of the presidential election, on April 23, 2017 at the Parc des Expositions in Paris. JPMorgan analysts see U.S. stocks rallying now that there's greater "clarity" on tax reform, earnings and the French election. "We believe the risk/reward for equities has improved," Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, head of U.S. equity strategy and global quant research at JPMorgan Securities, said in a Wednesday note. Lakos-Bujas expects the S&P 500 could likely top his year-end price target of 2,400. That is less than 10 points above Tuesday's close and near the average 2,407 forecast of CNBC's Market Strategist Survey in March. Last Wednesday, President Donald Trump laid out some details on his highly anticipated tax proposal. U.S. corporate earnings are showing the best year-on-year growth since the third period of 2011. Now risks from the French presidential election this Sunday also appear to have fallen, given centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron's large lead in polls over far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. Global growth also looks better, likely leading to more alignment in central bank policies that keeps the U.S. dollar weaker and helping company earnings worldwide, Lakos-Bujas said. Uncertainty has kept stocks in a trading range since March 1, the last time the S&P 500 hit a record. Hedge funds also lowered their exposure to stocks from near-record levels, Lakos-Bujas noted. That drop in investor positioning sets up for more buyers to come in and send stocks higher. "We believe a positive outcome for Trump's growth agenda is underpriced by the market currently," Lakos-Bujas said. "Even if the tax reform pivots to a much less ambitious plan than the GOP/Trump proposals, we still would see potentially meaningful upside for earnings and equity values," he said. That said, investors still have a few things to worry about. The two French candidates are set to debate later on Wednesday, and if Le Pen wins the presidency on Sunday she will likely threaten the future of the European Union. The Federal Open Market Committee is also scheduled to conclude its meeting Wednesday afternoon, and could surprise markets by signalling a faster pace of tightening this year. Friday's monthly employment report might also add to concerns about the U.S. economy given recent softness in some data points. show chapters BofA Strategist: Charts point to 2,400 and beyond for S&P    Tuesday, 2 May 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 07:09 Evelyn ChengWriter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector JP Morgan CIB confirms plans for hundreds of banking jobs in Dublin Come take a look inside the first Irish Tesla store New jobs expected as Irish payroll firm Immedis seals $10m US acquisition iPhone 7 Plus demand leads to king-size Q2 revenues at Apple Apple’s Echo rival could be revealed in the coming weeks Facebook denies it manipulates vulnerable teens for advertising US defence giant Lockheed Martin bets on blockchain As Turkey blocks Wikipedia, China creates its own Trinity College’s suspected €1m cyberattack a sign of the times Bank of Ireland is unlocking the open banking revolution Rakuten experts discuss the disruptive world of blockchain Ireland has the right infrastructure to fuel fintech growth Tralee innovation hub first in queue for free broadband deal Enet claims 1m end users now connect across its networks Verizon puts $1bn into fibre cabling as demand surges in US Eir’s 300,000-home rural broadband roll-out begins in earnest Eir hit with €3m ComReg fine for missing repair obligations in 2015 Leaders’ Insights: Jackie Glynn, Three Ireland Tesla moves, virtual reality and a wave of new investment Female entrepreneurs fund now welcoming applicants A grand tour: Branson’s start-up bus to Voom around UK and Ireland Galway accelerator opens with NDRC at PorterShed Finalists named for the next EY Entrepreneur of the Year Start-up of the week: Onfido ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 200,000 light-year-wide tsunami of hot gas spotted in Perseus galaxy Silicon Docks could be home to €250m Trinity technology campus Four new Irish research centres created on the back of €72m funding Sensible rules will support spectacular campus spin-outs Cassini spacecraft reveals our closest ever images of Saturn Pregnancy studies lead €7.6m worth of new Irish healthcare projects The UK just took a big step towards a working nuclear fusion reactor Global IoT round-up: Botnets, security patches and more SSE Airtricity signs 15-year deal for Ireland’s largest solar farm Uber plans to begin testing flying taxis in two cities by 2020 IBM Watson now being used to catch rogue traders Global IoT round-up: Even our Bose headphones are listening to us How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Facebook rejects claims of gender bias against its women engineers Quiz: What kind of procrastinator are you at work? How will your career evolve as the fintech sector grows? Candidates with IoT experience are necessary in fintech jobs How can I be more satisfied in my job? Data science roles increased by 57pc globally in one year What can I do with a biomedical engineering degree? Soft skills are critical for career success, even in tech 4 ways to ace your technical interview as a developer How to power through work when you’re tired Feeling distracted? 5 ways to stay focused at work ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ Want to work in digital marketing? Start with your own website A flexible workforce is essential in the fintech industry ‘It’s great to do something at work that can have a real impact’ 10 people to follow if you want a career in fintech In tech consulting, you never really stop learning Almost 10pc of Dublin workers are software developers 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Opportunities in biopharma abound at NIBRT careers event Globoforce bringing 100 jobs to Dublin with new Park West offices EV parts producer BorgWarner creating up to 50 jobs at Tralee plant Bank vs start-up: What you need to know about working in fintech 8 companies that can help you grow your career in biopharma Biotech giant welcoming 150 new recruits into the Shire ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Wikipedia founder introduces site to tackle fake news Can Google’s AutoDraw recognise your doodles? Facebook to hold its first ever Communities Summit in Chicago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world Humans on the frontline as Facebook attempts to tackle revenge porn Adorable ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ named Irish Doodle 4 Google winner Microsoft Windows 10 S will get release on new Surface Laptop What is it actually like to deal with a mobile-only bank? Some Eir and Meteor customers getting free sports TV app Maslow’s hierarchy of needs receives a mobile overhaul Google Earth redesign sees new tours of the world’s sites included What you need to know about Tesla’s first Irish store YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas ALL Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ‘We live and die by our client relationships’ Does your hiring pipeline encourage diversity? Dropbox: Seeking those who can embrace ‘We, not I’ Talking design thinking with Lesley Tully, Bank of Ireland ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES JP Morgan CIB confirms plans for hundreds of banking jobs in Dublin by John Kennedy 29 minutes ago JPMorgan Chase sign in new York. Image: Felix Lipov/Shutterstock JP Morgan CIB is eyeing up Dublin as its EU base. Hundreds of bankers working for JP Morgan’s Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB) are preparing to move to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. JP Morgan CIB is the latest bank alongside Standard Chartered and Barclays considering a move to Dublin. According to The Irish Times, the company’s chief executive, Daniel Pinto, confirmed the moves were afoot. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” Pinto told the newspaper. Brexit will impact thousands of jobs in the city Pinto said the bank has to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passport deal. In March, Bloomberg reported that JPMorgan Chase was considering moving as many as 1,000 staff members to Dublin, and that it was in negotiations about office space in the Irish capital. Think tank Breugel estimates that London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services. JP Morgan Chase sign in new York. Image: Felix Lipov/Shutterstock Related: banking, Brexit, fintech, jobs Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Careers How will your career evolve as the fintech sector grows? 5 days ago14 Shares Hiring Now Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Be part of a globally successful team Fidelity International: A truly unique proposition Help develop the future of sales and trading Life-changing career opportunities for you Jobs What kind of jobs can I get in fintech these days? 6 days ago250 Shares People 10 people to follow if you want a career in fintech 25 Apr 2017177 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Enterprise Digital disruption to challenge Ireland’s $5trn asset industry 14 Mar 201719 Shares Careers How to navigate the path from school to a tech career 3 Feb 20177 Shares Careers Candidates with IoT experience are necessary in fintech jobs 24 Apr 201718 Shares Latest News JP Morgan CIB confirms plans for hundreds of banking jobs in Dublin 29 minutes ago US defence giant Lockheed Martin bets on blockchain 1 hour ago The UK just took a big step towards a working nuclear fusion reactor 1 hour ago What can I do with a biomedical engineering degree? 3 hours ago Tesla moves, virtual reality and a wave of new investment 3 hours ago Come take a look inside the first Irish Tesla store 4 hours ago Female entrepreneurs fund now welcoming applicants 4 hours ago 200,000 light-year-wide tsunami of hot gas spotted in Perseus galaxy 5 hours ago New jobs expected as Irish payroll firm Immedis seals $10m US acquisition 6 hours ago Facebook rejects claims of gender bias against its women engineers 6 hours ago Microsoft Windows 10 S will get release on new Surface Laptop 7 hours ago YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site 7 hours ago iPhone 7 Plus demand leads to king-size Q2 revenues at Apple 16 hours ago Opportunities in biopharma abound at NIBRT careers event 23 hours ago As Turkey blocks Wikipedia, China creates its own 23 hours ago Soft skills are critical for career success, even in tech 23 hours ago Apple’s Echo rival could be revealed in the coming weeks 1 day ago Silicon Docks could be home to €250m Trinity technology campus 1 day ago Four new Irish research centres created on the back of €72m funding 1 day ago Facebook denies it manipulates vulnerable teens for advertising 1 day ago A grand tour: Branson’s start-up bus to Voom around UK and Ireland 1 day ago Galway accelerator opens with NDRC at PorterShed 1 day ago Sensible rules will support spectacular campus spin-outs 1 day ago Pharma giant MSD plans to invest €40m in Tipperary plant 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Seres Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seres Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $154,000 Stake in Ambev SA (ABEV) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) NBT Bank N A NY Has $778,000 Stake in General Dynamics Co. (GD) Sasol Limited (SSL) Shares Bought by Sit Investment Associates Inc. SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Has $285,000 Stake in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Sells 4,116 Shares of Praxair, Inc. (PX) BTIG Research Boosts Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Price Target to $190.00 First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Purchases Shares of 4,280 ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Wunderlich Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Malibu Boats Inc (MBUU) 12,100 Shares in Seres Therapeutics Inc (MCRB) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new stake in shares of Seres Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:MCRB) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 12,100 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock, valued at approximately $136,000. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Seres Therapeutics by 2.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 218,589 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $2,687,000 after buying an additional 5,972 shares during the period. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new stake in shares of Seres Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $1,536,000. Capital World Investors raised its stake in shares of Seres Therapeutics by 279.3% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,337,000 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $16,432,000 after buying an additional 984,500 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Seres Therapeutics by 35.0% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 400,300 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $3,963,000 after buying an additional 103,800 shares during the period. Finally, Geduld E E acquired a new stake in shares of Seres Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $307,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 77.62% of the company’s stock. Seres Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:MCRB) opened at 9.79 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $10.58 and a 200-day moving average of $10.41. Seres Therapeutics Inc has a 52-week low of $8.05 and a 52-week high of $35.98. The firm’s market capitalization is $395.20 million. Seres Therapeutics (NASDAQ:MCRB) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 16th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.63) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.70) by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $3 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up NaN% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Seres Therapeutics Inc will post ($2.75) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/12100-shares-in-seres-therapeutics-inc-mcrb-acquired-by-fox-run-management-l-l-c.html. MCRB has been the topic of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Seres Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 target price on shares of Seres Therapeutics in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Seres Therapeutics in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. FBR & Co decreased their target price on shares of Seres Therapeutics from $23.00 to $18.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Cowen and Company reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Seres Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. Seres Therapeutics has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $23.20. About Seres Therapeutics Seres Therapeutics, Inc is a microbiome therapeutics platform company. The Company is engaged in developing a class of biological drugs, which is referred as Ecobiotic microbiome therapeutics. The Company’s drugs are designed to restore health by repairing the function of a dysbiotic microbiome. The Company is focused on implementing its microbiome therapeutics platform to develop Ecobiotic microbiome therapeutics that treats dysbiosis in the colonic microbiome. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MCRB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Seres Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:MCRB). Receive News & Ratings for Seres Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seres Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Deep-pocketed health care lobbies line up against Trump Tuesday Group leader under fire over health care deal House to vote Thursday on Obamacare repeal Lewandowski’s firm quietly inked Citgo deal No one wants a health care win more than Priebus Extra cash in health bill gets votes — but not coverage Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print THE NEVER-ENDING CAMPAIGN: Trump slams Clinton in late-night tweets -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: Moderate Republican gets blasted on healthcare -- DAVID BROOKS wedding – B’DAY: Ben Ginsberg By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/03/17 06:47 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2p7LRCf ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Good Wednesday morning. Story Continued Below STRANGER THAN FICTION -- TRUMP PUNCHES BACK AT CLINTON -- @realDonaldTrump at 10:51 p.m.: “FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony…” … at 11:06 p.m.: “...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?” CLINTON was all over cable news Tuesday, after sitting for a chat with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour. Here are some choice quotes -- via NYT’s Alex Burns -- that we’re sure Trump was less than pleased about: “‘The reason why I believe we lost were the intervening events in the last 10 days,” she said, arguing that based on the available data: ‘If the election had been on Oct. 27, I’d be your president.’ … ‘He certainly interfered in our election,’ Mrs. Clinton said of [Russian President Vladimir] Putin. ‘And clearly interfered to hurt me and to help my opponent.’” http://nyti.ms/2pvF0Fi -- IMPORTANT PROGRAMMING NOTE: FBI Director Jim Comey is scheduled to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee at 10 a.m. today in an open session in Dirksen. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- A SIGN OF WHAT’S TO COME -- SAVE MY CARE, a group working to stop Obamacare repeal, has cut an ad that highlights Republican opposition to the GOP health-care proposal juxtaposed with Rep. Tom MacArthur’s (R-N.J.) support. “Who’s against Tom MacArthur’s health-care repeal plan? The American Medical Association, the American Cancer Society and AARP. Who else? Even some in his own party.” THE AD shows how opponents plan to make lawmakers who support the AHCA pay. The minute-long spot http://bit.ly/2p4v8ir THE LATEST -- JOSH DAWSEY, JOHN BRESNAHAN and RACHAEL BADE -- updated at 12:42 a.m. -- “GOP changing health bill as Trump leans in hard”: “House Republicans worked late into the night Tuesday on last-minute changes to their Obamacare repeal bill, as President Donald Trump began rallying support to muscle the stalled legislation across the finish line ... [A] new amendment being drafted Tuesday night would address concerns from key moderates about how the legislation treats individuals with pre-existing conditions. Earlier in the day, multiple sources said House leadership floated the idea of adding additional money to high-risk pools aimed at subsidizing more expensive premiums for people with such medical conditions. “The last-ditch effort comes after GOP leaders faced a major setback in their whip effort Tuesday. Former Energy and Commerce Chairman Fred Upton, who has crafted numerous repeal bills, came out against the bill amid worries about pre-existing conditions protections. And key Trump ally Rep. Billy Long (R-Mo.) similarly announced he would oppose the bill, sending leaders scrambling to stop the bleeding. … “Trump is now getting personally involved in trying to pass the bill. The president made at least a dozen phone calls seeking support for the bill Tuesday. And Capitol Hill and administration officials said he will host lawmakers -- including Upton and Long -- at the White House on Wednesday.” http://politi.co/2p4k3Oi HUFFPO’S MATT FULLER’S WHIP LIST -- 20 nos, 13 undecided, 14 lean yes, 7 lean no. http://huff.to/2qqTsjg … 23 nos kills the bill. -- REPUBLICANS’ BIG MOMENT: Dawsey, Bres and Bade’s scoop -- that Republicans leaders are drafting an escape-hatch amendment and Trump will personally meet with lawmakers -- represents a big moment for the president and GOP leaders. If ambivalent Republicans have any interest in getting on board, this is their opportunity. They can frame this change as being what they needed to get the bill to a better place. THE STAKES -- TRUMP: For those still calling Trump a “dealmaker,” despite the fact that he hasn’t cut one significant legislative deal as president, this will be a telling moment. Trump isn’t really cutting this potential deal -- it’s coming from Capitol Hill -- but he’ll have the chance to try to seal it when lawmakers go to the White House today. The split screen -- working toward Middle Eastern peace with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and arm-twisting Republican lawmakers at the White House -- will be a fascinating moment. This is a pretty clean test of Trump’s persuasion skills. -- RYAN: The House is basically ungovernable at this point, but Paul Ryan is the public face of that. He really needs to get this across the finish line for his own internal political purposes. People are watching. THERE’S INCREASING ALARM in the Capitol about letting the health-care vote slip past the 11-day House recess that begins tomorrow night. The earliest the bill could come to a vote is Thursday -- and that would be pretty tricky, considering changes are being made at the last minute. REMEMBER -- Republicans dumped all over Democrats when they made changes to the health-care bill behind closed doors outside the committee process. Look where the GOP is now. Who knew health care was so hard? -- NEW POLITICO/MORNING CONSULT POLL: “Voters resist pre-existing condition opt-out,” by Steven Shepard: “When it comes to overhauling the Affordable Care Act, there’s one thing voters in both parties can agree on: They oppose weakening federal protections for those with pre-existing medical conditions. A new POLITICO/Morning Consult poll shows resistance to the new measure’s most controversial provision, with half of all voters opposing allowing states to decide whether to opt-out of requiring health insurance companies to cover Americans with pre-existing conditions. It’s a key offering from GOP House leadership to conservatives wary that the party’s previous Obamacare replacement didn’t go far enough in unwinding the law.” http://politi.co/2pH3f43 BEN WHITE’s MILKEN MEMO in Morning Money from the Milken Global Conference in Beverly Hills: “One thing that struck MM both inside meeting rooms and in chatter around the hallways here at the Milken Global Conference in Beverly Hills this week: very little Trump freak-out. … While the president’s latest tweets on shutdowns or interview comments on the Civil War, North Korea, Hillary Clinton or health care continued to dominate Beltway and cable TV chatter, the well-heeled executives making the rounds here and schmoozing with multiple Trump administration officials pretty much blew it all off. … The main message: Focus on what the president actually does and much less on what he says.” ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: To drive sustainable, widespread and inclusive growth, it’s imperative to help underserved entrepreneurs connect with capital. Read more about Small Business Forward, JPMorgan Chase’s $75 million commitment to support women, minority and veteran owned small businesses, in the company’s Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2oFHCln ****** YOU'RE INVITED -- “Former Acting AG Yates to contradict administration about Flynn at hearing,” by CNN’s Jim Sciutto, Manu Raju and Pamela Brown: “Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates is prepared to testify before a Senate panel next week that she gave a forceful warning to the White House regarding then-National Security Advisor Michael Flynn nearly three weeks before he was fired, contradicting the administration's version of events, sources familiar with her account tell CNN. In a private meeting January 26, Yates told White House Counsel Don McGahn that Flynn was lying when he denied in public and private that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia in conversations with Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergei Kislyak.” http://cnn.it/2pX0jAZ THE HERITAGE BEAT -- “DeMint defiant after Heritage ouster,” by Nancy Cook: “Sen. Jim DeMint is not leaving the Heritage Foundation quietly. Hours after the think tank’s board of directors unanimously voted to oust him, DeMint, through a spokesman, released his own accounting of his tenure -- with more than nine bullet points listing his accomplishments. Among them: The key role that Heritage played in the President Donald Trump’s transition; the way the think tank helped to create a list of potential Supreme Court judges including now-Justice Neil Gorsuch; Heritage’s budget blueprint that the administration used as a model; the four new research institutes founded during DeMint’s time; and its American Perceptions Initiative that conducts research to help figure out how conservatives should talk to Americans about policy ideas. “‘When I came to Heritage in 2013, I told our staff and millions of members around the country that over the next four years, we had the opportunity to lead a resurgence of conservative policies and communications to win the hearts and minds of the American people,’ DeMint said. ‘I’m grateful to have worked with some of the greatest minds and talents in America and believe we’ve accomplished together what we set out to do.’” http://politi.co/2p4BkHd -- THOMAS A. SAUNDERS III, chairman of Heritage’s board of trustees, wrote in a blast email: “After a comprehensive and independent review of the entire Heritage organization, the Board determined there were significant and worsening management issues that led to a breakdown of internal communications and cooperation. While the organization has seen many successes, Jim DeMint and a handful of his closest advisers failed to resolve these problems.” The email http://politi.co/2p4TVmB -- IT’S WORTH NOTING: Outside groups often part ways with their leaders when there is a difference of opinion about the way an organization is run, but this public back-and-forth and mudslinging between DeMint and the Heritage board through the press is unusual at best and harmful to the future of the group at worst. HAPPENING TODAY -- Trump meets with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas today at the White House. The meeting will last most of the day. At night, he’s dining with religious leaders. -- ABBAS MEETING PREVIEW -- AP’S MATTHEW LEE: “President Donald Trump will press Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas to end payments to families of Palestinians imprisoned in Israeli jails, according to U.S. officials, one of several actions Washington believes could lead to resumed peace talks with Israel. Other actions include a Palestinian end to anti-Israel rhetoric and incitement of violence, said officials familiar with planning for the meeting. It will be Trump and Abbas’ first face-to-face discussion. ... “[T]rump will also use their meeting to recommit the United States to helping the Palestinians improve their economic conditions, said the U.S. officials, who weren't authorized to publicly preview the talks and demanded anonymity. They said Trump will reiterate his belief that Israeli settlement construction on land claimed by the Palestinians does not advance peace prospects. … “[Abbas, in a meeting with Palestinians in D.C.] blamed the lack of dialogue in recent years on the Israeli government, saying its leaders ‘have no political vision,’ and reiterated his demands for an independent Palestinian state along pre-1967 lines, with east Jerusalem as its capital. ‘Without this we will not accept any solution,’ said Abbas, who touted an Arab League peace plan that offers Israel diplomatic relations with the Muslim world for a Palestinian state. ‘There is no alternative.’” http://apne.ws/2oWLSgn THE MOSCOW-WASHINGTON ALLIANCE -- “Trump, Putin look to work together on Syria,” by AP’s Julie Pace: “President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin signaled improving prospects for cooperation in Syria in what the White House called a ‘very good’ phone discussion that included a focus on setting up safe zones in the war-torn nation. The Kremlin said the leaders also agreed in Tuesday's call to try to set up their first in-person meeting in July, on the sidelines of an international summit in Germany. The White House later confirmed that information. … “The Kremlin said Trump and Putin agreed to bolster diplomatic efforts to resolve the Syrian civil war, which has left hundreds of thousands dead and millions more displaced. The White House announced it would send a top State Department official to Russian-led talks on Syria that begin Wednesday in Kazakhstan. ‘President Trump and President Putin agreed that the suffering in Syria has gone on for far too long and that all parties must do all they can to end the violence,’ the White House said. ‘The conversation was a very good one, and included the discussion of safe, or de-escalation, zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons.’” http://apne.ws/2p4Lwzj THE JUICE … -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: SPEAKER PAUL RYAN was the special guest at a fundraiser on Capitol Hill Tuesday night for Karen Handel’s bid for the House. Handel is in a runoff with Democrat Jon Ossoff for HHS Secretary Tom Price’s former House seat in Georgia. The event raised $150,000 for Handel’s campaign. SPOTTED: House Republican Conference Chairman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (Wash.), NRCC Chairman Steve Stivers (Ohio), Georgia Reps. Buddy Carter, Doug Collins, Tom Graves and Rick Allen. -- RYAN was also spotted dining last night at Ocean Prime with Anheuser-Busch’s CEO Joao Castro Neves and Doug Bailey, from AB’s D.C. shop, with other beer industry guests. -- @EliLake: “Just spotted Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak at Israel Independence Day event here in DC.” -- DEUTSCHE WELLE is honoring the White House Correspondents’ Association with its “Freedom of Speech Award.” DW Director General Peter Limbourg will present WHCA President Jeff Mason with the award June 19 at the Global Media Forum in Bonn, Germany. http://politi.co/2pHg0vo -- THE CIRCUS is previewing part of its season finale tonight at the Newseum with a screening of a 35-minute documentary about the first 100 days of Trump’s presidency, narrated by Jeff Goldblum. The mini-doc also has clips of John Heilemann, Mark Halperin and Mark McKinnon talking straight to the camera. The event will be followed by a discussion with lots of familiar names from the White House, Congress, the press, and former campaign officials like Jen Palmieri. The discussion and the cocktail party afterwards will also be shot by the Circus crew and used in Sunday’s finale on Showtime. Heilemann told us that the event will be “very meta” and “everyone who shows up will be a character.” COMING ATTRACTIONS -- SEN. JOE MANCHIN will join us for the Playbook Interview TOMORROW at 9 a.m. at the Washington Court Hotel (525 New Jersey Avenue, NW). Look for us to probe him on tax reform, his interactions with Trump (including multiple phone calls) and whether he’ll remain a member of the Democratic Party. Got a question for the West Virginia Democrat? Email us at anna@politico.com and jake@politico.com. We hope you’ll join the conversation -- we’ll look to take a question or two from the audience. RSVP http://bit.ly/2phgWGu Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: President Donald Trump is presented with a jersey from the Air Force Falcons football team after presenting them with the Commander-in-Chief trophy at the White House on May 2. | Susan Walsh/AP Photo PIC DU JOUR -- @RabbiShmuley: “With @SteveBannon in the White House on #israelindependenceday. Steve is a great, stalwart friend of the Jewish State” (the pic’s background shows Bannon’s office whiteboard listing the status of Trump campaign promises fulfilled) http://bit.ly/2pvx7jq BREITBART VS. TRUMP WHITE HOUSE – “Under Fire: White House Staff Claims See-Through Fence, Levee Flood Protection System Is a ‘Border Wall,’” by Breitbart’s Matt Boyle: “President Donald Trump’s White House communications team is claiming inaccurately that there is border wall funding in the spending bill before Congress right now. The move comes as the administration is facing political heat for the failure to obtain federal appropriations in the new omnibus spending bill to pay for the construction of a border wall, as President Trump promised on the campaign trail.” http://bit.ly/2oWrCLY --“Exclusive — Rand Paul on Omnibus Spending Bill: ‘President Hillary Clinton Would Have Been Proud of This Bill’” http://bit.ly/2oWAReV FOR YOUR RADAR -- “Kremlin Critic Aleksei Navalny Says Attack Left Him Mostly Blind in an Eye,” by NYT’s Andrew E. Kramer in Moscow: “Aleksei A. Navalny, the Russian opposition leader, said on Tuesday that a doctor told him he had lost 80 percent of the sight in one eye after suffering a chemical burn when an assailant threw a green liquid in his face last week. The eye’s vision may improve, but the outlook is unclear ... Initially, the attack had appeared less serious; dousing opposition figures with green dye is a common occurrence and often attributed to pro-Kremlin activists. Typically, a type of topical medical disinfectant has been used. ... Mr. Navalny ... has declared his intention to run in Russia’s presidential election next year.” http://nyti.ms/2pvwGoW HAPPENING TOMORROW -- “White House aims for Thursday signing of religious liberty executive order,” by Tim Alberta and Shane Goldmacher: “President Donald Trump has invited conservative leaders to the White House on Thursday for what they expect will be the ceremonial signing of a long-awaited—and highly controversial—executive order on religious liberty, according to multiple people familiar with the situation. ... Thursday is the National Day of Prayer, and the White House was already planning to celebrate the occasion with faith leaders. The signing would represent a major triumph for Vice President Mike Pence—whose push for religious-freedom legislation backfired mightily when he served as governor of Indiana—and his allies in the conservative movement. The original draft order, which would have established broad exemptions for people and groups to claim religious objections under virtually any circumstance, was leaked to The Nation on Feb. 1.” http://politi.co/2qxkYJ8 TRUMP INC. -- “While in White House, Trumps remained selling points for ‘very special’ Philippines project,” by WaPo’s Drew Harwell and Matea Gold: “Investors looking to buy a condo at Trump Tower in the Philippines would have found, until this week, some high-powered video testimonials on the project’s official website. There was Donald Trump, in a message filmed several years before he was elected president of the United States, declaring that the skyscraper bearing his name near the Philippine capital would be ‘something very, very special, like nobody’s seen before.’ … Four months into President Trump’s tenure, his business relationship with a developer who is one of the Philippines’ richest and most powerful men has emerged as a prime example of the collision between the private interests of a businessman in the White House and his public responsibility to shape U.S. foreign policy.” http://wapo.st/2pvLl3P BUSINESS BURST -- “Fed Rate Rise Unlikely Wednesday, but Possible June Move in Focus,” by WSJ’s Harriet Torry: http://on.wsj.com/2p4u5PG HMM -- “NSA collected Americans’ phone records despite law change: report,” by Reuters’ Mark Hosenball: “The U.S. National Security Agency collected more than 151 million records of Americans’ phone calls last year, even after Congress limited its ability to collect bulk phone records, according to an annual report issued on Tuesday by the top U.S. intelligence officer. The report from the office of Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats was the first measure of the effects of the 2015 USA Freedom Act, which limited the NSA to collecting phone records and contacts of people U.S. and allied intelligence agencies suspect may have ties to terrorism. It found that the NSA collected the 151 million records even though it had warrants from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court to spy on only 42 terrorism suspects in 2016, in addition to a handful identified the previous year.” http://reut.rs/2pXdthC … The report http://bit.ly/2pXmfMA ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Failing to prepare young people with the right skills and education to compete for good jobs is not just a missed opportunity for them – it is a missed opportunity for businesses to hire the talent they need to grow and compete. That’s why JPMorgan Chase launched New Skills for Youth, a $250 million global initiative to expand high-quality career-focused education programs, featured in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2oFMRS2 ****** CLIMATE WATCH -- “Push to remain in Paris climate deal hits legal snags,” by Andrew Restuccia and Eric Wolff: “President Donald Trump’s top White House lawyer is raising concerns about the legal ramifications of the U.S. remaining in the Paris climate change agreement, sources familiar with the discussions told POLITICO, a development that could bode ill for the campaign by several top administration advisers to remain in the landmark accord. White House counsel Don McGahn raised the concerns during a pair of closed-door meetings over the last week, the sources said, although they added that he has not yet made a formal recommendation to the president and his stance isn’t set in stone. Trump has said he plans to make a decision in the coming weeks, in what has become a symbolic debate about how far he will push his ‘America First’ agenda despite potential blowback from U.S. allies.” http://politi.co/2qDd2p4 ANOTHER SPECIAL ELECTION COMPLICATION -- “Democrat gets head start in deep-red special election to replace Mulvaney,” by Kevin Robillard: “The Republican primary for Mick Mulvaney’s old House seat will go another two weeks after the candidates forced a special-election runoff Tuesday night, giving Democrat Archie Parnell a head start in his long-shot bid to make a conservative stretch of South Carolina competitive.” http://politi.co/2pX3AAr ACELA CORRIDOR NEWS -- BOOK YOUR SHUTTLES! -- “Amtrak’s Plan for Penn Station Repairs Calls for 44 Days of Closed Tracks,” by NYT’s Patrick McGeehan: “A summer of misery could follow this springtime of discontent for commuters who pass through Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan, judging by Amtrak’s preliminary plan for extensive track repairs at the station. The plan, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times, calls for the closing of tracks for two long stretches that would last for nearly three weeks in July and almost the entire month of August. Amtrak has shared the plan with the two commuter railroads with which it shares Penn Station: New Jersey Transit and the Long Island Rail Road. “Officials of the three railroads are meeting this week to devise a final schedule for the work, but there is no doubt that travel will be disrupted. Penn Station is the busiest rail terminal in North America, and New Jersey Transit and the Long Island Rail Road are two of the three busiest railroads in the United States.” http://nyti.ms/2pH4ZKH INTERESTING READ -- “Before Michelle, Barack Obama asked another woman to marry him. Then politics got in the way,” by WaPo’s Carlos Lozada reviewing “Rising Star: The Making of Barack Obama,” by David J. Garrow: “It is in the personal realm that Garrow’s account is particularly revealing. He shares for the first time the story of a woman Obama lived with and loved in Chicago, in the years before he met Michelle, and whom he asked to marry him. Sheila Miyoshi Jager, now a professor at Oberlin College, is a recurring presence in ‘Rising Star’ ... In Garrow’s telling, Obama made emotional judgments on political grounds. A close mutual friend of the couple recalls Obama explaining that ‘the lines are very clearly drawn. ... If I am going out with a white woman, I have no standing here.’” http://wapo.st/2pvGhfB … $27.28 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2pXcmhK … Jamie Weinstein podcast interview with Garrow http://bit.ly/2qxLQsy WOW -- “Tucker Carlson has 2-book, 8-figure deal, literary reps say,” by AP’s Hillel Italie: “The Fox News host and longtime conservative commentator has a two-book deal with Threshold Editions, the publisher told The Associated Press on Tuesday. ... Numerous publishers had expressed interest in him and his literary agency, Javelin, says the deal is worth eight figures.” http://apne.ws/2pXnag7 MEDIAWATCH -- “Hannity tells staff he’s not leaving,” by Hadas Gold: “Sean Hannity had a message for the roughly 30 staff members he treated to pizza Tuesday night: I’m not negotiating an exit. As speculation swirled about Hannity’s future at Fox News in the wake of the resignation of his longtime friend and former producer Bill Shine, who was named a co-president of Fox News last summer with the departure of longtime network chief Roger Ailes, Hannity decided to treat his staff to a thank-you party. “Staff-wide meetings for Hannity are unusual and one person close to his show expressed surprise because ‘Hannity doesn’t do meetings.’ But at the meeting held Tuesday afternoon, the anchor told his staff that he’s not negotiating an exit despite reports, according to a person present at the meeting. He thanked his staff for what they do and told them he’s ‘always available’ to answer questions.” http://politi.co/2p4rG7o -- “Stephanie Ruhle, Ali Velshi in talks to start weekend business show on MSNBC,” by Yashar Ali in Fast Company: “The duo is in talks with the cable network to start a taped weekend business program, three sources tell Fast Company. The news comes at a time when the network is working to expand its original weekend programming to compete with chief rivals CNN and Fox News Channel.” http://bit.ly/2qD52UI GUIDE TO FEDERAL BUDGET & APPROPS PROCESS: The federal budget process is complicated; brush up on your knowledge so you’re ready to act as the budget winds its way through Congress. The guide http://politi.co/2pr4J1C Playbookers SPOTTED: Justice Neil Gorsuch and his wife Louise grocery shopping yesterday at Harris Teeter Navy Yard ... ABC White House veteran Ann Compton was surprised at Tadich Grill on Tuesday by a group of women who have all benefitted from her mentorship over the years, including The Hill’s Olivia Beavers, DOJ’s Sarah Isgur Flores, ABC’s Karen Travers and Mary Bruce, and CNN’s Betsy Klein. Martin O’Malley stopped by to say hello. SPOTTED at last night’s Fifth annual Cheers hosted by the National Beer Wholesalers Association at the Library of Congress: Sean and Rebecca Spicer, Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Reps. Jeff Denham (R-Calif.), Don Payne (D-N.J.), John Katko (R-N.Y.), Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) and Mark Takano (D-Calif.), Francesca Chambers, Emily Goodin, Jim McGreevy, Emily Miller and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke. SPOTTED at the Smithsonian American Art Museum last night to preview a new photo exhibition, “American Visionary: John F. Kennedy’s Life and Times”: Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, Caroline Kennedy, Doug Brinkley, Al Hunt, Tom Brokaw, Gay Talese, Mavis Staples, EJ Dionne, Annie Linskey, Brandt Anderson, Nancy Pelosi, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Reps. John Lewis (D-Ga.), Jim Banks (R-Ind.), Joe Kennedy (D-Mass.), Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas), Charlie Crist (D-Fla.), Jackie Speier (D-Calif.), Paul Tonko (D-N.Y.), Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.), Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.), Chellie Pingree (D-Maine), David Cicilline (D-RI), and John Larson (D-Conn.). TRANSITIONS – BUSH ALUMNI – MATT WAXMAN has joined Alphabet’s Jigsaw as an outside adviser. He is the Liviu Librescu Professor of Law at Columbia Law School, where he runs the national security program and co-chairs the cybersecurity center. He has previously served as deputy assistant secretary of Defense and acting director of the Secretary of State’s policy planning staff. WEEKEND WEDDING – NYT’s DAVID BROOKS got married on Sunday to ANNE SNYDER, a freelance writer and director of the Character Initiative at the Philanthropy Roundtable, in a ceremony at the National Arboretum. Atlantic Media owner David Bradley and his wife Katherine held a rehearsal luncheon for Brooks and Snyder on Saturday. @kirstenpowers posts on Instagram: “Beautiful wedding of two beautiful souls. A love story for the ages. Congrats to Anne and David!” Instapic http://bit.ly/2pXoEqF ... WaPo http://wapo.st/2qrnhQw WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Jamie Susskind, legislative counsel for Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), and her husband Dan Susskind, policy adviser for Rep. Steve Russell (R-Okla.), welcomed their new daughter Sophie Rebecca Susskind to the world on Saturday. Pic http://bit.ly/2qDuYje HAPPY 20th ANNIVERSARY to Patrick Steel, new Politico CEO and Lee Satterfield, EVP and COO of the Meridian International Center. BIRTHWEEK (was Monday): Frank Benevento turned 69 BIRTHDAYS OF THE DAY: Willie Geist, host of NBC’s “Sunday TODAY” and co-host of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” is 42 – how he’s celebrating: “Like my last 10 birthdays, I’ll start before dawn at 30 Rock with Joe and Mika, then I’ll go out to interview Twitter founder and CEO Jack Dorsey for ‘Sunday TODAY.’ Afterwards, I hope to have a good early dinner with my wife and kids, if they can squeeze me in, and close out the day with my mom’s German chocolate cake.” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2oWL5vG ... Ben Ginsberg, partner at Jones Day and veteran Republican lawyer, celebrating with a “festive night on the town with my wife and daughter, who’ll be down from New York. And, of course, a video chat with my grandson Zach (and his parents).” Q&A: http://politi.co/2pXb8Do BIRTHDAYS: former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy … Vince Harris, Austin-based digital campaign whiz and CEO of Harris Media … Sen. Jim Risch (R-Idaho) is 74 ... Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) is 68 ... former Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) is 56 ... country music superstar Eric “The Chief” Church, the reason why Kurt Bardella is a country music fan (h/t Morning Hangover) ... Politico New Jersey Playbooker Matt Friedman … Sonja Newenhouse … Mickey Munley (h/t Teresa Vilmain) ... Politico’s Anna Stubbs and David Nicks ... Chip Rogers, president and CEO of the Asian American Hotel Owners Association, is 45 ... Stephen Krupin, who leads executive comms at SKDKnickerbocker and was notoriously named “The Unluckiest Fan in America” by Sports Illustrated http://on.si.com/1SYD02N (h/ts Rachel Racusen and Max Gleischman) ... Poland is 226 years old on its Constitution Day (h/t @BCIU) ... SRN News White House correspondent Greg Clugston ... SRN News senior Capitol Hill correspondent Linda Kenyon ... Katie Farrar (née Killoren), alum of Rep. Walter B. Jones and real estate agent extraordinaire (hubby tip: Doug Farrar) ... Meredith Slesinger, strategy director for Amtrak ... Max Burns, comms director for Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights ... Andy Miga, pride of Winchester, Mass. ... Jeff Smith, owner-operator at Twins Ace Hardware in Arlington (h/t Jon Haber) ... ... GOP insider Scott Kamins, a Condi and RNC alum, celebrating at his son’s Little League baseball game ... Christina Davidson ... DC photographer Ben Droz ... Art Jaeger, who won the Bronze Star for service as an Army journalist in Vietnam ... Democracy Works founder and executive director Seth Flaxman ... Stephen Labaton, president and partner at Finsbury and NYT alum ... Chris Bodenner, a senior editor at the Atlantic and formerly of Andrew Sullivan’s Daily Dish (h/t Becca Glover) ... Andrew Nagorski ... Brenna Marron, member engagement deputy director at the DCCC ... Obama WH alum Matt Gustavson … Ben Crair … Susan Steinmetz, EVP at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities … Marisol Garibay, comms director for American Action Forum ... Spencer Gaffney … Roy Temple, partner at GPS Impact, is 53 ... Tim Mulvey, Democratic comms. director of House Foreign Affairs Committee … Rob Jones, founder and CEO of Alliance Group ... Melissa Wideman ... Paul Kangas ... Steele Burrow ... Jason Killian Meath is 48 ... Lauren Gautier ... Katie Armacio of Sen. Mike Crapo’s office ... sports announcer Greg Gumbel is 71 ... actor Bobby Cannavale is 47 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: What are essential inputs for creating lasting impact in our communities? Learn more about how the JPMorgan Chase model for impact is driving inclusive economic growth in the company’s recently released Corporate Responsibility Report. ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 5/3/17 Tuesday, 5/2/17 Monday, 5/1/17 Sunday, 4/30/17 Saturday, 4/29/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Is This $2,000 Fake IKEA Bag a Sign of the Apocalypse? By Kimberly Chrisman-Campbell How to Make the Heritage Foundation Great Again By Tevi Troy Why Trump Was Right to Invite Duterte to the White House By Ely Ratner How New York Can Release Trump’s Tax Returns By Daniel Hemel More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly cloudy with rain, windy. Tonight Periods of rain. Becoming windy late. Low 46F. Winds NNE at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 1 to 2 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is expected. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Credit.com special section Capital One Venture or Chase Freedom: Which Card Is Right for You? Sean Bryant 17 hrs ago (…) Both the Capital One Venture Rewards card and the Chase Freedom card are major players in the rewards credit card space. They both offer cardholders value, but are also considerably different. The Capital One Venture card offers flexible rewards that can be used on travel, while the Chase Freedom card is primarily a cash-back card. Comparing the Rewards Programs When you sign up for the Chase Freedom card, you receive a $150 bonus after spending $500 in the first three months. You can also earn an additional $25 if you add an authorized user who makes a purchase within the same three-month period. Each quarter you can earn 5% cash back, on up to $1,500 within different rotating categories. One quarter the category could be gas stations and department stores while the next quarter it could be grocery stores and public transportation. All other purchases earn 1% back. In contrast, you earn 40,000 miles after signing up and spending $3,000 in the first three months with the Capital One Venture Rewards card. You also receive an unlimited two miles per dollar on every purchase you make. There are no bonus categories to remember because you receive the same value on each purchase. Redeeming Your Rewards Redemptions can be done in a couple of ways when you have the Chase Freedom card. You can receive a statement credit or direct deposit into a checking or savings account. You can also use your rewards to shop on Amazon.com or to book travel through Chase Ultimate Rewards. You can also redeem rewards for gift cards. Another popular option is to transfer rewards into Chase Ultimate Reward points. This can only be done if you also have another card that earns Ultimate Reward points, like the Chase Sapphire Preferred, Sapphire Reserve or a business card like the Ink Preferred. Once you have Ultimate Reward points, these can be transferred to different loyalty partners like Hyatt, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines and more. (You can read more about redeeming Chase Ultimate Rewards points here.) Redeeming your miles from the Capital One Venture Rewards card is simple. Each mile you earn is worth one cent. That means the signup bonus would have a value of $400. The miles you earn can be cashed out as a statement credit toward any travel expense making this a really simple, straight-forward system. Additional Perks Chase offers price protection, which will reimburse you if the price on an item you purchase decrease within 120 days. You also receive an extended warranty on your purchases from both cards. Because the Capital One Venture Rewards card is a Visa Signature card, you also receive other benefits like car rental insurance, lost luggage reimbursement, and 24/7 concierge service both at home and when you are traveling. When you use your card to book hotel rooms, you can receive complimentary room upgrades and other hotel savings. How the Fees Stack Up One of the best parts of the Chase Freedom card is that you receive these rewards and benefits without paying an annual fee. The card also has an introductory 0% APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers. After the introductory period ends the rate changes to a variable 15.74% to 24.74%. If you plan on traveling outside of the United States, there will be a 3% foreign transaction fee. With the Capital One Venture Rewards card, you will not pay an annual fee the first year. However, each subsequent year there will be a fee of $59. You also will not receive an introductory 0% APR period. The standard rate on purchases is a variable 13.74%, 18.74 or 23.74%, depending on creditworthiness. There are no foreign transaction fees. Why You Might Choose the Chase Freedom Card The Chase Freedom card has been one of the best cash-back cards for a long time. Earning up to 5% back is an attractive feature. Because there is some work involved, this card is perfect for anyone that doesn’t mind keeping track of bonus categories. Chase also requires cardholders to opt into the bonus categories each quarter, which means you need be proactive. However, if you are looking for a card that offers generous cash back and no annual fee, you can’t go wrong with the Chase Freedom card. How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Why You Might Choose the Capital One Venture Rewards Card Anyone looking for a travel rewards credit card, but doesn’t have the time or desire to keep track of spending within categories, will love the Capital One Venture Reward card. Not only will you earn a generous signup bonus, but you also earn flat rate rewards on every purchase. It can’t get much simpler. Though you will have an annual fee of $59 after the first year, the card is perfect for anyone who travels internationally because there are no foreign transaction fees. Before You Apply … Regardless of the card you choose, be sure to check your credit before applying. You may be rejected if your credit scores aren’t good enough for you to qualify. You can get two free credit scores and a credit snapshot at Credit.com to keep track of how you’re doing. Note: It’s important to remember that interest rates, fees and terms for credit cards, loans and other financial products frequently change. As a result, rates, fees and terms for credit cards, loans and other financial products cited in these articles may have changed since the date of publication. Please be sure to verify current rates, fees and terms with credit card issuers, banks or other financial institutions directly. Related Articles How to Avoid Credit Card Late Fees 6 Smart Credit Card Strategies How to Lower Your Credit Card Interest Rates This article originally appeared on Credit.com. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Economics Fee Bank Accounting Credit Card Finance View (…) comments Most popular Camping World-led group wins bankruptcy auction for Gander Mountain Loss of Anthem could make Express Scripts a takeover target Nicklaus: Trump's tax cut looks like Kansas writ large South County water customers asked to conserve as utilities brace for flooding Hanky Panky lingerie celebrates 40 years of cheeky style Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Here's What You Need to Know Before Withdrawing Money From Your IRA 5 Stellar Credit Cards for Your College-Bound Teen Capital One Venture or Chase Freedom: Which Card Is Right for You? 50 Things Recent Grads Can Do to Score Their First Job Millennial Homebuyers Still Value a Personal Touch Register now and check your icy wit against other St. Louis hockey fans. Sign up and learn from the professionals! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Guess? Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guess? Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News West Corp (WSTC) Insider Sells $82,825.51 in Stock OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 4th Seres Therapeutics (MCRB) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Klondex Mines (KLDX) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Pentair plc. Ordinary Share to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.49 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PNR) Deutsche Bank AG Raises Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Price Target to $77.00 KLR Group Boosts QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Price Target to $23.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Canon Inc (CAJ) to Hold Brokerages Set $48.00 Target Price for KB Financial Group, Inc. (KB) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Microsoft Co. Increased by Jefferies Group (MSFT) Deutsche Bank AG Trims FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Target Price to $38.00 Radian Group Inc (RDN) PT Lowered to $21.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $32.24 Million Deutsche Bank AG Boosts L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Price Target to $190.00 Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.704 Million Position in General Motors Company (GM) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by David R. Rahn & Associates Inc. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Holds Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 148,146 Shares of EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Allstate Corp (ALL) Position Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Norges Bank Acquires New Stake in Guess?, Inc. (GES) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank acquired a new position in Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 159,697 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,932,000. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Guess? by 13.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 260,431 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,805,000 after buying an additional 31,659 shares in the last quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in shares of Guess? by 30.0% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 131,130 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,587,000 after buying an additional 30,226 shares in the last quarter. Dynamic Capital Management Ltd bought a new position in shares of Guess? during the third quarter worth $2,066,000. Royce & Associates LP raised its position in shares of Guess? by 27.7% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 748,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,056,000 after buying an additional 162,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG raised its position in shares of Guess? by 131.7% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 50,286 shares of the company’s stock worth $609,000 after buying an additional 28,583 shares in the last quarter. 75.26% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES) opened at 11.33 on Wednesday. Guess?, Inc. has a 52-week low of $10.29 and a 52-week high of $18.68. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $11.11 and its 200 day moving average is $12.76. The company has a market cap of $937.68 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.59 and a beta of 0.63. Guess? (NYSE:GES) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, March 15th. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.03. Guess? had a return on equity of 4.84% and a net margin of 2.92%. The business had revenue of $679.27 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $689.05 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.57 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Guess?, Inc. will post $0.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 13th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 29th were paid a dividend of $0.225 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 27th. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.94%. Guess?’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 118.42%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/norges-bank-acquires-new-stake-in-guess-inc-ges.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on GES shares. Wunderlich restated a “buy” rating on shares of Guess? in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Guess? from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Cowen and Company dropped their target price on shares of Guess? from $16.00 to $10.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. B. Riley lowered shares of Guess? from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Mizuho lowered shares of Guess? from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $14.00 to $10.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $12.67. In other Guess? news, CEO Amigo Victor Herrero bought 3,100 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were bought at an average price of $10.92 per share, with a total value of $33,852.00. Following the purchase, the chief executive officer now directly owns 389,574 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,254,148.08. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Guess? Company Profile Guess?, Inc designs, markets, distributes and licenses a lifestyle collections of apparel and accessories for men, women and children. The Company operates through five segments: Americas Retail, Europe, Asia, Americas Wholesale and Licensing. The Americas Retail segment includes the Company’s retail and e-commerce operations in North and Central America and its retail operations in South America. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES). Receive News & Ratings for Guess? Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guess? Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Brexit: JPMorgan confirms it will move hundreds of banking jobs from UK to EU Firm has to 'be ready for day one, when negotiations finish', Daniel Pinto, head investment banking said Ben Chapman Wednesday 3 May 2017 10:24 BST Click to follow JPMorgan will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in preparation for Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said on Tuesday. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto said in an interview with Bloomberg. A spokesperson for JPMorgan confirmed the plans to The Independent. Mr Pinto said JPMorgan cannot afford to wait for confirmation on how the industry will be regulated after the UK leaves the EU. Read more JPMorgan won't move many jobs from UK after Brexit, CEO says “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” he said. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients. We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” Financial services firms are worried that they will lose the “passport” which allows them to operate all over the continent whilst being regulated by authorities in one member state. The arrangement is central to their operations. JPMorgan has, up until now, been unclear as to its plans. Last year Jamie Dimon, who is the bank’s chairman, president and chief executive officer, told employees that up to 4,000 British jobs could be moved. Read more Customers hit with combined £300m in 'extortionate' overdraft fees Seven London-based banks 'set to open offices in Frankfurt' Lloyds Banking Group profits double to £1.3bn But last month he backtracked on that message, telling shareholders that the bank’s plans do not “entail moving many people in the next two years”. In recent weeks, EU officials have appeared to adopt a more hard line approach to the imminent Brexit negotiations. Last week, member states warned Britain that the City must continue to be overseen by European regulators after Brexit and that financial services could be excluded from any trade deal. The sector is seen as crucial to the UK economy and contributed around £71bn to the Exchequer last year, according to professional services firm, PwC. Most banks have made clear that they will be forced to move some staff and are making contingency plans for a number of potential Brexit outcomes. Brexit Concerns 26 show all Brexit Concerns 1/26 Brexit will put British patients at 'back of the queue' for new drugs Brexit will put British patients at the “back of the queue” for vital new drugs, the Government has been warned – forcing them to wait up to two years longer A medicines regulator has raised the alarm over a likely decision to pull out of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), as well as the EU itself. ealth Secretary Jeremy Hunt dropped the bombshell , when he said he expected the UK would quit the EMA – because it is subject to rulings by the European Court of Justice. Getty Images 2/26 London to lose status as 'gateway to Europe' for banks One of Germany’s top banking regulators has warned that London could lose its status as “gateway to Europe” for the banking sector after Britain quits the European trading bloc. Andreas Dombret, who is an executive board member for the Bundesbank—Germany’s central bank—told a private meeting of German businesses and banks earlier this week in Frankfurt that even if banking rules were “equivalent” between the UK and the rest of the EU, that was still “miles away from [Britain having] access to the single market”, the BBC reports. Jason Hawkes 3/26 Exodus The number of financial sector professionals in Britain and continental Europe looking for jobs in Ireland rocketed in the months after the UK voted to leave the European Union Shutterstock 4/26 Brexit is making FTSE 100 executives richer Pay packages of many FTSE 100 chief executive officers are partly tied to how well share prices are doing rather than the CEO’s performance -- and some stocks are soaring. ritish equities got a boost since the June vote because the likes of Rio Tinto, Smiths Group and WPP generate most sales abroad and earn a fortune when they convert these revenues back into the weakened pound. Sterling’s fall also made UK stocks more affordable for overseas investors. Rex 5/26 Theresa May: UK to leave single market Theresa May has said the UK "cannot possibly" remain within the European single market, as staying in it would mean "not leaving the EU at all". Getty 6/26 Lead campaigner Gina Miller and her team outside the High Court Getty 7/26 Raymond McCord holds up his newly issued Irish passport alongside his British passport outside the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire 8/26 SDLP leader Colum Eastwood leaving the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire 9/26 Migrants with luggage walk past a graffiti on a wall as they leave the 'Jungle' migrant camp, as part of a major three-day operation planned to clear the camp in Calais Getty 10/26 Migrants leave messages on their tents in the Jungle migrant camp Getty 11/26 The Adventist Development and Relief Agency (Adra) which distributes approximately 700 meals daily in the northern Paris camp states that it is noticing a spike in new migrant arrivals this week, potentially linked the the Calais 'jungle' camp closure - with around 1000 meals distributed today EPA 12/26 Migrant workers pick apples at Stocks Farm in Suckley, Britain Reuters 13/26 Many farmers across the country are voicing concerns that Brexit could be a dangerous step into the unknown for the farming industry Getty 14/26 Bank of England governor Mark Carney who said the long-term outlook for the UK economy is positive, but growth was slowing in the wake of the Brexit vote PA 15/26 The Dow Jones industrial average closed down over 600 points on the news with markets around the globe pluninging Getty 16/26 Immigration officers deal with each member of the public seeking entry into the United Kingdom but on average, 10 a day are refused entry at this London airport and between 2008 and 2009, 33,100 people were detained at the airport for mainly passport irregularities Getty 17/26 A number of global investment giants have threatened to move their European operations out of London if Brexit proves to have a negative impact on their businesses Getty 18/26 Following the possibility of a Brexit the UK would be released from its renewable energy targets under the EU Renewable Energy Directive and from EU state aid restrictions, potentially giving the government more freedom both in the design and phasing out of renewable energy support regimes Getty 19/26 A woman looking at a chart showing the drop in the pound (Sterling) against the US Dollar in London after Britain voted to leave the EU Getty 20/26 Young protesters outside the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, to protest against the United Kingdom's decision to leave the EU following the referendum Getty 21/26 Applications from Northern Ireland citizens for Irish Passports has soared to a record high after the UK Voted in favour of Leaving the EU Getty 22/26 NFU Vice President Minette Batters with Secretary of State, Andrea Leadsome at the National Farmers Union (NFU) took machinery, produce, farmers and staff to Westminster to encourage Members of Parliament to back British farming, post Brexit Getty 23/26 The latest reports released by the UK Cabinet Office warn that expats would lose a range of specific rights to live, to work and to access pensions, healthcare and public services. The same reports added that UK citizens abroad would not be able to assume that these rights will be guaranteed in the future Getty 24/26 A British resident living in Spain asks questions during an informative Brexit talk by the "Brexpats in Spain" group, about Spanish legal issues to become Spanish citizens, at the town hall in Benalmadena, Spain Reuters 25/26 The collapse of Great Britain appears to have been greatly exaggerated given the late summer crowds visiting city museums, hotels, and other important tourist attractions Getty 26/26 The U.K. should maintain European Union regulations covering everything from working hours to chemicals until after the government sets out its plans for Brexit, said British manufacturers anxious to avoid a policy vacuum and safeguard access to their biggest export market Getty In January, HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver said trading operations that generate about 20 per cent of revenue for the lender’s investment bank in London may move to Paris. Goldman Sachs’ Europe chief executive, Richard Gnodde, confirmed in March that the bank will relocate hundreds of staff out of London before any Brexit deal is struck and said it had already begun implementing those plans. Axel Weber, chairman of UBS, said in January that about 1,000 of the bank’s 5,000 jobs in London could be at risk. Barclays chief executive Jes Staley has struck a different tone to other bank bosses. He said at the World Economic Forum in Davos  earlier this year that it would be “very difficult” to dislodge a financial centre like London. If needed, Barclays may reassign its Frankfurt branch to its Irish subsidiary, he said. More about: Brexit JPMorgan passporting financial services Banking HSBC Goldman Sachs UBS Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AGCO Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AGCO Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Flex Pharma Inc (FLKS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.63 Per Share MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley Boosts Neff Corp (NEFF) Price Target to $20.00 Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Earns “In-Line” Rating from Evercore ISI N+1 Singer Reiterates ” Buy” Rating for N Brown Group plc (BWNG) Quantum Pharma PLC’s (QP) ” Corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results CDW Corp (CDW) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Posts Earnings Results Amedisys Inc (AMED) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Willbros Group Inc (WG) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL) Director Buys $145,000.00 in Stock Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $479,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) ITT Inc. (ITT) Position Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Lowers Position in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Landstar System, Inc. Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) AGCO Co. (AGCO) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AGCO Co. (NYSE:AGCO) was upgraded by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a $60.00 price target on the industrial products company’s stock, up from their previous price target of $47.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential downside of 6.47% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $60.00 price target on AGCO and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised AGCO from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $68.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Stifel Nicolaus assumed coverage on AGCO in a research report on Monday, April 10th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $64.00 price target on the stock. TheStreet raised AGCO from a “c” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Berenberg Bank assumed coverage on AGCO in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $72.00 price target on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. AGCO presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $62.23. AGCO (NYSE:AGCO) opened at 64.15 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $60.66 and a 200 day moving average price of $58.81. The stock has a market cap of $5.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 32.73 and a beta of 1.00. AGCO has a 1-year low of $44.68 and a 1-year high of $65.67. AGCO (NYSE:AGCO) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported ($0.02) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.17) by $0.15. The company had revenue of $1.63 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.54 billion. AGCO had a return on equity of 6.88% and a net margin of 2.16%. AGCO’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.11 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that AGCO will post $2.71 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be given a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.87%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. AGCO’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 28.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “AGCO Co. (AGCO) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/agco-co-agco-stock-rating-upgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, SVP Robert B. Crain sold 1,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.35, for a total transaction of $92,025.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 71,584 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,391,678.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 16.00% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its stake in shares of AGCO by 0.6% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 8,140 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $490,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its position in AGCO by 0.6% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 9,584 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $577,000 after buying an additional 61 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in AGCO by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,203 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $187,000 after buying an additional 62 shares in the last quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in AGCO by 1.7% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,399 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $365,000 after buying an additional 121 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in AGCO by 1.2% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 16,900 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,017,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. 88.20% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. AGCO Company Profile AGCO Corporation is a manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment and related replacement parts. The Company sells a range of agricultural equipment, including tractors, combines, self-propelled sprayers, hay tools, forage equipment, seeding and tillage equipment, implements, and grain storage and protein production systems. Receive News & Ratings for AGCO Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AGCO Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Weir Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weir Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for SBA Communications Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBAC) Zacks Investment Research Comments on Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBPH) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Shares Up 12.9% Following Strong Earnings New York Times Co (NYT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Mosaic Co (MOS) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Benchmark Co. Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Mantech International Corp (MANT) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Weir Group PLC (WEIR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Weir Group PLC (LON:WEIR)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a GBX 2,175 ($28.08) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 10.24% from the stock’s current price. WEIR has been the subject of several other reports. Canaccord Genuity upped their price objective on Weir Group PLC from GBX 1,350 ($17.43) to GBX 1,600 ($20.66) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Barclays PLC upped their price objective on Weir Group PLC from GBX 1,800 ($23.24) to GBX 1,900 ($24.53) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on Weir Group PLC from GBX 1,976 ($25.51) to GBX 2,220 ($28.66) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Bank of America Corp upped their price objective on Weir Group PLC from GBX 2,050 ($26.47) to GBX 2,100 ($27.11) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd cut Weir Group PLC to a “reduce” rating and set a GBX 1,800 ($23.24) price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Weir Group PLC has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,907.06 ($24.62). Weir Group PLC (LON:WEIR) opened at 1940.00 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,938.03 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,884.91. Weir Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 1,095.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 2,096.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.22 billion. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a dividend of GBX 29 ($0.37) per share. This represents a yield of 1.46%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Weir Group PLC’s previous dividend of $15.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/weir-group-plc-weir-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider Christopher Morgan sold 933 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,936 ($25.00), for a total transaction of £18,062.88 ($23,321.99). Also, insider John Heasley bought 1,211 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 27th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 1,843 ($23.80) per share, for a total transaction of £22,318.73 ($28,816.95). Weir Group PLC Company Profile The Weir Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in engineering businesses. The Company’s business operates through three segments: Minerals, Oil & Gas, and Flow Control. The Minerals segment is engaged in the provision of slurry handling equipment and associated aftermarket support for abrasive high wear applications used in the mining and oil sands markets. Receive News & Ratings for Weir Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weir Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 4, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of bankers to Dublin Bank to expand offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for Brexit about 23 hours ago Before the June referendum on Brexit, JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon told UK employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated         JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto said in an interview in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, referring to the New York-based firm’s local entities. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers.” Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after British prime minister Theresa May triggered the formal mechanism for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before the June referendum, JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon told UK employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher – or lower – depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients,” Mr Pinto said. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved, and see what we need to do from there.” Stephen Collins: State has the right approach to Brexit Newton Emerson: Brexit is killing a ‘new Ireland’ Brexit: an intergalactic main course Listen to Inside Business JPMorgan is just the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Contingency plan Deutsche Bank said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London; Barclays Plc said it would activate its contingency plan within six months; and Goldman Sachs Group said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. Frankfurt and Dublin are the favoured destinations. Standard Chartered and Barclays are considering Dublin for their EU base, while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing Germany’s financial hub. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group saying on March 8th that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000sq ft to 150,000sq ft of space, and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand depending on what deal May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. Bullish Separately, Mr Pinto also said he was bullish on the Middle East and North Africa, where the bank plans to add to its 200 staff and build its businesses in payment processing, asset custody services and investment banking. Mr Pinto was speaking on the sidelines of Euromoney’s conference in Saudi Arabia, which has embarked on an unprecedented series of reforms as it looks to diversify the economy from oil. “Our business in this region will grow along with this reform process, and I’m bullish on emerging markets in general,” said Mr Pinto, who was one of the conference’s keynote speakers. “We are well positioned in this region, Asia and Latin America. Where there is a combination of faster growth and underdeveloped financial markets, we can be a big part of that process.” JPMorgan was among banks hired by the Saudi government for a $9 billion (€8.2bn) international Islamic bond sale, and also worked on the kingdom’s debut sovereign debt issue in October, which raised $17.5 billion (€16bn).       Topics: Eu European Union Saudi Government Barclays Deutsche Bank Goldman Sachs Group JPMorgan Chase Standard Chartered Group Read More Bar Council highlights Brexit opportunities for Irish lawyers Adams challenges Government on NI status in Brexit talks Brexit Q&A: Will Britain have to pay €100bn to leave EU? Attention will be paid to Ireland in initial Brexit talks, Barnier says Brexit: UK ‘will not be paying’ €100bn to leave EU Ireland to increase focus on Brexit’s economic aspects May says she will be ‘bloody difficult woman’ in Brexit talks Brexit: Theresa May warns Juncker she will be ‘bloody difficult woman’ Kenny’s feel-good factor fades as hard Brexit rears its ugly head Government will argue for special EU support to cope with Brexit shock Britain’s supreme court judgement on exiting the European Union Ireland Beyond Brexit: An Irish Times/Guardian series Brexit: the UK enters the unknown UK prime minister formally notifies EU of Britain’s intention to leave the union. What happens now?  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Huge increase in mortgage approvals, draw downs in first quarter Technology Karlin Lillington: Blockchain is less hype, more a transformative technology Europe 1:43 Macron and Le Pen exchange insults in TV election battle Sport Sonia O’Sullivan: For the record, I welcome new proposals Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Report finds most Irish executives expect a hard Brexit 08:00 HSBC’s shares rise after Q1 profits beat forecasts 07:49 Huge increase in mortgage approvals, draw downs in first quarter 07:46 Irish Management Ill-Equipped for Digital Future 07:34 Kerry reaffirms full-year earnings guidance after ‘solid’ start 07:27 Most Read in Business 1 Shortfall in tax revenue threatens spending increases 2 JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders 3 The tricks Uber uses to win at the expense of its drivers 4 WhatsApp suffers widespread outage 5 Central Bank governor rejects suggestions of new property bubble 6 Toshiba’s startling spiral downwards continues 7 ‘Rampant’ growth of Irish e-commerce set to continue 8 First-time buyers: It’s cheaper to buy than rent, but do the sums 9 Braced for Brexit – and the death of Queen Elizabeth 10 Should you charge your phone overnight? Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 4/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to main content Thu, May 04, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance JPMorgan to move hundreds of staff to three EU offices on Brexit Wednesday, May 3, 2017 - 14:28 JPMorgan Chase & Co plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the European Union's single market after Brexit, the firm's head of investment banking said. PHOTO: REUTERS [DUBAI] JPMorgan Chase & Co plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the European Union's single market after Brexit, the firm's head of investment banking said. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Daniel Pinto said in an interview Tuesday in Riyadh, referring to the New York-based firm's local entities. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the formal mechanism for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before the June referendum, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon told UK employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher - or lower - depending on how the government's negotiations played out. "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients," Mr Pinto said. "We'll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there." Powered by GET.com sentifi.com Market voices on: JPMorgan is just the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain's March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Deutsche Bank AG said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London, Barclays Plc said it will activate its contingency plan within six months, and Goldman Sachs Group Inc said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. SEE ALSO: JPMorgan to move staff to 3 EU offices on Brexit Frankfurt and Dublin are the favoured destinations. Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays are considering the Irish capital for their EU base, while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing Germany's financial hub. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group Inc saying on March 8 that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000 square feet to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand, depending on what deal Ms May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. Separately, Mr Pinto also said he was bullish on the Middle East and North Africa, where the bank plans to add to its 200 staff and build its businesses in payment processing, asset custody services and investment banking. Mr Pinto was speaking on the sidelines of Euromoney's conference in Saudi Arabia, which has embarked on an unprecedented series of reforms as it looks to diversify the economy from oil. "Our business in this region will grow along with this reform process, and I'm bullish on emerging markets in general," said Mr Pinto, who was one of the conference's keynote speakers. "We are well positioned in this region, Asia and Latin America. Where there is a combination of faster growth and underdeveloped financial markets, we can be a big part of that process." JPMorgan was among banks hired by the Saudi government for a US$9 billion international Islamic bond sale and also worked on the kingdom's debut sovereign debt issue in October, which raised US$17.5 billion. BLOOMBERG Brexit JPMorgan Dublin office space Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Australia central bank governor: Rates will not always be this low 2:14 PM HSBC Q1 pretax profit falls 19% 1:19 PM US dollar builds on gains but Asia markets struggle 12:44 PM UOB's FDI advisory unit draws S$27b in business flows into Asean in 2016 12:01 PM Australia dollar skids to 4-month lows, NZ dollar vulnerable 11:29 AM UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires 10:02 AM Breaking News 2:49 pm Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts 2:46 pm Australia shares dip for third session; NZ lower 2:38 pm Through Singapore's CLTX, German bourse seeks to tap Asia's commodities 2:32 pm BMW sees forecasts in reach after Q1 profit boost 2:14 pm Australia central bank governor: Rates will not always be this low 1:47 pm Dust storm blows across north China, flights cancelled 1:43 pm Taiwan: Stocks flat after eight straight sessions of gains 1:41 pm HK's next leader pledges to heal divisions, put city back on "normal course" 1:19 pm HSBC Q1 pretax profit falls 19% 1:14 pm Two dead, including suspect in Dallas-area college shooting: police Most Read 1 Changes to Singapore's Cabinet from May 1 2 A US$130b manager sells Singtel as competition intensifies 3 Marco Polo Marine suspends trading as planned debt revamp hits a roadblock 4 Sabana Reit unitholders vote against manager removal, wind-up 5 Stocks to watch: Sabana Reit, First Ship Lease Trust, Noble Group Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 4, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of bankers to Dublin Bank to expand offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for Brexit about 22 hours ago Before the June referendum on Brexit, JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon told UK employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated         JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto said in an interview in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, referring to the New York-based firm’s local entities. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers.” Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after British prime minister Theresa May triggered the formal mechanism for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before the June referendum, JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon told UK employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher – or lower – depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients,” Mr Pinto said. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved, and see what we need to do from there.” Stephen Collins: State has the right approach to Brexit Newton Emerson: Brexit is killing a ‘new Ireland’ Brexit: an intergalactic main course Listen to Inside Business JPMorgan is just the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Contingency plan Deutsche Bank said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London; Barclays Plc said it would activate its contingency plan within six months; and Goldman Sachs Group said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. Frankfurt and Dublin are the favoured destinations. Standard Chartered and Barclays are considering Dublin for their EU base, while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing Germany’s financial hub. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group saying on March 8th that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000sq ft to 150,000sq ft of space, and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand depending on what deal May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. Bullish Separately, Mr Pinto also said he was bullish on the Middle East and North Africa, where the bank plans to add to its 200 staff and build its businesses in payment processing, asset custody services and investment banking. Mr Pinto was speaking on the sidelines of Euromoney’s conference in Saudi Arabia, which has embarked on an unprecedented series of reforms as it looks to diversify the economy from oil. “Our business in this region will grow along with this reform process, and I’m bullish on emerging markets in general,” said Mr Pinto, who was one of the conference’s keynote speakers. “We are well positioned in this region, Asia and Latin America. Where there is a combination of faster growth and underdeveloped financial markets, we can be a big part of that process.” JPMorgan was among banks hired by the Saudi government for a $9 billion (€8.2bn) international Islamic bond sale, and also worked on the kingdom’s debut sovereign debt issue in October, which raised $17.5 billion (€16bn).       Topics: Eu European Union Saudi Government Barclays Deutsche Bank Goldman Sachs Group JPMorgan Chase Standard Chartered Group Read More Bar Council highlights Brexit opportunities for Irish lawyers Adams challenges Government on NI status in Brexit talks Brexit Q&A: Will Britain have to pay €100bn to leave EU? Attention will be paid to Ireland in initial Brexit talks, Barnier says Brexit: UK ‘will not be paying’ €100bn to leave EU Ireland to increase focus on Brexit’s economic aspects May says she will be ‘bloody difficult woman’ in Brexit talks Brexit: Theresa May warns Juncker she will be ‘bloody difficult woman’ Kenny’s feel-good factor fades as hard Brexit rears its ugly head Government will argue for special EU support to cope with Brexit shock Britain’s supreme court judgement on exiting the European Union Ireland Beyond Brexit: An Irish Times/Guardian series Brexit: the UK enters the unknown UK prime minister formally notifies EU of Britain’s intention to leave the union. What happens now?  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Huge increase in mortgage approvals, draw downs in first quarter Technology Karlin Lillington: Blockchain is less hype, more a transformative technology Europe 1:43 Macron and Le Pen exchange insults in TV election battle Sport Sonia O’Sullivan: For the record, I welcome new proposals Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Report finds most Irish executives expect a hard Brexit 08:00 HSBC’s shares rise after Q1 profits beat forecasts 07:49 Huge increase in mortgage approvals, draw downs in first quarter 07:46 Irish Management Ill-Equipped for Digital Future 07:34 Kerry reaffirms full-year earnings guidance after ‘solid’ start 07:27 Most Read in Business 1 Shortfall in tax revenue threatens spending increases 2 JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders 3 The tricks Uber uses to win at the expense of its drivers 4 WhatsApp suffers widespread outage 5 Central Bank governor rejects suggestions of new property bubble 6 Toshiba’s startling spiral downwards continues 7 ‘Rampant’ growth of Irish e-commerce set to continue 8 First-time buyers: It’s cheaper to buy than rent, but do the sums 9 Braced for Brexit – and the death of Queen Elizabeth 10 Should you charge your phone overnight? Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 4/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks business May 04, 2017 10:12 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: Here are 4 stocks that analysts are tracking today A private sector bank, a housing finance company, among others are on the watchlist of analysts today. ICICI Bank Analyst: Bank of America Merrill Lynch | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 376 The research firm believes that ICICI Bank’s stock is pricing in stress and is trading at 1.2 times and 0.9 times FY18 and FY19, respectively and is a fully stress-adjusted book value. It also increased earnings per share (EPS) by over 1 percent for the current fiscal and the next one, while profit after tax (PAT) growth has been forecast at 17 percent in FY18 and 22 percent in FY19. Analyst: Citi | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 330 The global financial services firm said that the use of contingent provisions helped cushion the profit and loss (P&L) account, adding that 50 percent of NPL additions at Rs 11,300 crore came from one cement account. Going forward, asset resolution is the key to its CASA gains and liabilities. Analyst: Deutsche Bank | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 350. Analysts the firm saw strong CASA growth aiding margins for the bank. Meanwhile, it cut earnings by 14 and 11 percent in FY18 and FY19, assuming higher credit costs. It observed that these costs have peaked and will remain elevated in FY18. Higher slippages from corporate books is also a key risk to the stock, it said. Analyst: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 265 JPMorgan termed ICICI Bank’s slippages as disappointing though they were largely from the drill-down list. It observed that headline growth was weak largely due to stressed book. Meanwhile, retail book bounced back to 7.5 percent quarter on quarter post demonetisation. Yields could be under pressure from price competition, base rate to MCLR transition. Analyst: Goldman Sachs | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 320 The research firm expects slippages to moderate in FY18 to 4 percent from 6.7 percent in FY17. It feels the stock is a buy on attractive risk reward. Having said that, higher corporate loan slippages and lower than expected margin are the key risks to the stock. Analyst: IDFC Securities | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 315 The brokerage firm termed the earnings better than expected, especially on the CASA and new stress loan formation front. It cited how the management expects slippages and credit cost to decline in the current fiscal. It prefers the bank over Axis Bank and SBI in the sector. Analyst: Macquarie | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 330 The firm believes that the current market price is adequately discounting asset quality woes of the bank. While slippages will be lower in FY18, they will still be high on absolute basis, Macquarie said in its report. However, margins from the March quarter surprised positively, but are unlikely to see material improvement in FY18, it said. Cheap valuations, lower slippages key catalysts for the stock going forward. Marico Analyst: Credit Suisse | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 300 Credit Suisse continues to fundamentally like its solid core portfolio of coconut oils. Having said that, it believes that Marico’s future growth drivers outside hair oils hold good potential over 5 years. Its valuations At over 43x FY18 leave no room for upside. Analyst: Deutsche Bank | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 340 Given the focus on volume and strong innovation pipeline, Deutsche Bank expects Marico’s valuation to sustain. Among key risks to the stock are rural slowdown and market share losses. Analyst: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 300 The brokerage believes that current valuations appear demanding. It revised FY18 and FY19 ERPS estimates by over 2 percent on factoring a better Q4. It expects coconut oil/VAHO to witness over 20 percent and 16 percent, respectively. Saffola is likely to post over 10 percent revenue growth, it added. Moreover, it expects youth portfolio to revive over 15 percent from subdued base in FY17. Analyst: Goldman Sachs | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 262 Faster new product growth, commodity benefits are the key risks for the stock, it said. Meanwhile, slower hair oil sales, slower international growth are key risks. Analyst: Macquarie | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 331 For Macquarie, Marico remains one of the top picks in the consumer space. It believes that strong earnings delivery should sustain the higher valuations. It feels that the Street is underestimating margin expansion on account of operating leverage. Future Retail Analyst: Nomura | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 476 The brokerage house initiated coverage on the stock and sees 46.6 percent upside to the stock. This is on the back of projected earnings growth trajectory and better returns. It expects India’s modern retail share to reach 12 percent by FY20 against 9 percent currently. It expects Future Retail to be key beneficiary of growing modern retail share in India. Furthermore, it sees margin touching 4 percent by FY19 on better product mix and cost control. DHFL Analyst: Nomura | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 335Nomura said that the company’s Q4 results were in line with forecasts with marginal beat on margin and assets under management (AUM) growth. But, it highlighted the risk for housing finance companies with respect to mortgage growth, pressure on spreads in the core business as well. tags #Market #Nifty #Sensex #Stocks Views Related news Business Nomura initiates coverage on Future Retail, stock zooms over 7% May 04, 2017 11:55 AM Business Buy Edelweiss Financial Services, HDFC, Mahindra CIE: Ashwani Gujral May 04, 2017 11:34 AM Business Indian Overseas Bank may test Rs 32.70, Union Bank Rs 195: Rajat Bose May 04, 2017 11:30 AM Business Buy ICICI Bank, Can Fin Homes, State Bank of India: Ashwani Gujral May 04, 2017 11:24 AM Business As investors eye Amtek firms’ promoter stake, stocks soar 7-9% May 04, 2017 11:09 AM Business Buy IDBI Bank, Bank of India, Union Bank on minor intraday dips: Mitessh Thakkar May 04, 2017 11:05 AM Business SAIL may rally 5-7%; Avenue Supermarts can head higher: Ashwani Gujral May 04, 2017 10:58 AM Business Invest in TVS Srichakra, advises Sudarshan Sukhani May 04, 2017 10:51 AM Business Buy Lupin, like Ajanta Pharma: Manoj Murlidharan May 04, 2017 10:42 AM News Most Popular Top News These 30 stocks trade at considerable premium to book value; time to exit or stay put? Derivative data points towards 9,500 on Nifty; 5 stocks which can give up to 16% upside IRB InvIT opens for subscription. Here are 5 things to know about it For MP, the fiscal year will begin in January 2018. Will Centre follow suit? Bulls in charge; 5 stocks which can return up to 10% in short term Stocks in the news: ICICI Bank, HDFC, L&T Tech, Amtek Auto, Tata Power, GMR, IG Petro Market Live: Sensex, Nifty trade steady, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank gain Geosphere's Sanger: Better days ahead for banks; hunt for laggards in midcap space see more Video of the day Small correction good for mkt; like housing fin cos: Religare Cap's Gautam Trivedi Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNX Coal Resources LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million Analysts Expect Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) CEO Sells 1,117 Shares of Stock Daniel J. Mitchell Buys 11,000 Shares of Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Stock Richard H. Dozer Sells 1,833 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock Thomas D. Longenecker Purchases 600 Shares of Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Stock Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) Releases Earnings Results Regional Management Corp (RM) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Has $13.02 Million Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Martin Kelly Sells 10,000 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Popular Inc (BPOP) Director Sells $126,450.00 in Stock David Shapiro Sells 1,117 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Stock $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect that CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) will report sales of $78.84 million for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have made estimates for CNX Coal Resources’ earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $76.2 million and the highest estimate coming in at $81.22 million. CNX Coal Resources posted sales of $53.77 million in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 46.6%. The company is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Friday, August 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that CNX Coal Resources will report full year sales of $78.84 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $303.6 million to $331.72 million. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post sales of $363.2 million per share, with estimates ranging from $304 million to $444.72 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that cover CNX Coal Resources. CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The energy company reported $0.50 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.03. The business earned $83.28 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $79.92 million. CNX Coal Resources had a return on equity of 12.05% and a net margin of 7.69%. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC set a $22.00 target price on CNX Coal Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised CNX Coal Resources from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut CNX Coal Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. CNX Coal Resources has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.14. In related news, insider Dan D. Sandman acquired 5,500 shares of CNX Coal Resources stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $17.97 per share, with a total value of $98,835.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 5,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $98,835. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider David M. Khani acquired 3,000 shares of CNX Coal Resources stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $15.08 per share, for a total transaction of $45,240.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 13,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $196,040. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT bought a new stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources during the third quarter valued at $376,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 1,265.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 138,874 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $2,153,000 after buying an additional 128,706 shares during the last quarter. EJF Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 40.4% in the third quarter. EJF Capital LLC now owns 50,000 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $775,000 after buying an additional 14,396 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 81.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 116,965 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $2,135,000 after buying an additional 52,665 shares during the last quarter. Finally, GSA Capital Partners LLP boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 80.9% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 65,277 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $1,191,000 after buying an additional 29,197 shares during the last quarter. 61.16% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) traded down 6.36% during trading on Friday, reaching $16.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 92,849 shares. CNX Coal Resources has a 12-month low of $7.55 and a 12-month high of $22.30. The company has a market cap of $377.91 million, a PE ratio of 19.45 and a beta of 1.75. The company has a 50 day moving average of $15.94 and a 200 day moving average of $17.37. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be issued a $0.5125 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $2.05 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 12.65%. CNX Coal Resources’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 244.05%. WARNING: “$78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/78-84-million-in-sales-expected-for-cnx-coal-resources-lp-cnxc-this-quarter.html. About CNX Coal Resources CNX Coal Resources LP is a producer of high-British thermal units (Btu) thermal coal in the Northern Appalachian Basin and the eastern United States. It is engaged in the management and development of coal operations of CONSOL Energy Inc (CONSOL Energy) in Pennsylvania. It holds interest in, and operational control over, CONSOL Energy’s Pennsylvania Mining Complex, which consists of three underground mines and related infrastructure that produce high-Btu bituminous thermal coal that is sold primarily to electric utilities in the eastern United States. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on CNX Coal Resources (CNXC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Natus Medical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natus Medical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Has $13.02 Million Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Martin Kelly Sells 10,000 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Popular Inc (BPOP) Director Sells $126,450.00 in Stock David Shapiro Sells 1,117 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Stock Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Algert Global LLC Has $2.261 Million Stake in Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR) Position Raised by Algert Global LLC Algert Global LLC Takes Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Algert Global LLC Buys 18,603 Shares of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Algert Global LLC Cuts Position in NCI Building Systems Inc (NCS) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Algert Global LLC Boosts Stake in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. decreased its position in Natus Medical Inc (NASDAQ:BABY) by 2.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 575,594 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock after selling 13,957 shares during the period. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. owned 1.77% of Natus Medical worth $22,592,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its position in Natus Medical by 44.1% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 202,031 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $7,938,000 after buying an additional 61,811 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in Natus Medical by 45.7% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 18,800 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $739,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC raised its position in Natus Medical by 11.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 6,360 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $250,000 after buying an additional 662 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in Natus Medical by 8.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 19,099 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Natus Medical by 33.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 130,442 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $5,126,000 after buying an additional 32,877 shares in the last quarter. 80.27% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Natus Medical Inc (NASDAQ:BABY) traded down 2.39% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $34.70. 368,890 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $1.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.37 and a beta of 1.02. Natus Medical Inc has a 52-week low of $31.61 and a 52-week high of $44.39. The company’s 50 day moving average is $38.40 and its 200-day moving average is $38.20. Natus Medical (NASDAQ:BABY) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical equipment provider reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.33 by $0.03. Natus Medical had a return on equity of 13.24% and a net margin of 11.11%. The firm earned $124.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $122.45 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.34 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 42.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Natus Medical Inc will post $1.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/diamond-hill-capital-management-inc-sells-13957-shares-of-natus-medical-inc-baby.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on BABY shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Natus Medical from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered shares of Natus Medical from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Benchmark Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 target price (down from $55.00) on shares of Natus Medical in a report on Monday. Finally, TheStreet lowered shares of Natus Medical from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $45.00. In related news, Director Robert A. Gunst sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total value of $180,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 56,150 shares in the company, valued at $2,021,400. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 4.80% of the company’s stock. Natus Medical Company Profile Natus Medical Incorporated is a provider of newborn care and neurology healthcare products and services used for the screening, diagnosis, detection, treatment, monitoring and tracking of common medical ailments in newborn care, hearing impairment, neurological dysfunction, epilepsy, sleep disorders, neuromuscular diseases and balance and mobility disorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BABY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Natus Medical Inc (NASDAQ:BABY). Receive News & Ratings for Natus Medical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natus Medical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Extended Stay America Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Extended Stay America Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Reinhart Partners Inc. Sells 88 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Shares Sold by CT Mason 8,089 Shares in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Montag A & Associates Inc. Has $4.559 Million Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Reinhart Partners Inc. Buys New Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $1.466 Million Stake in Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Reinhart Partners Inc. Acquires 210 Shares of Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Reinhart Partners Inc. Takes Position in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $2.225 Million Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Andres Reiner Sells 52,698 Shares Quidel Co. (QDEL) SVP Sells $1,049,070.75 in Stock Gisela Schwab Sells 89,910 Shares of Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Stock Brink's Company (BCO) Director Sells $11,373,505.05 in Stock Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) CTO Sells $999,008.00 in Stock Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Corecivic Inc (CXW) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Globus Medical Inc (GMED) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Two Harbors Investment Corp (TWO) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Zacks: China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Sell” from Brokerages Lumentum Holdings Inc (LITE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $2.225 Million Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Reinhart Partners Inc. increased its position in Extended Stay America Inc (NYSE:STAY) by 30.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 139,610 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 32,980 shares during the period. Reinhart Partners Inc. owned 0.07% of Extended Stay America worth $2,225,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of Extended Stay America by 62,625.8% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 206,368 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,931,000 after buying an additional 206,039 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Extended Stay America during the third quarter worth about $19,779,000. LMR Partners LLP bought a new stake in shares of Extended Stay America during the third quarter worth about $2,840,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Extended Stay America by 20.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 638,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,073,000 after buying an additional 106,388 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Monashee Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Extended Stay America during the third quarter worth about $4,310,000. Institutional investors own 88.14% of the company’s stock. Extended Stay America Inc (NYSE:STAY) traded down 1.43% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $17.93. The stock had a trading volume of 4,000,597 shares. The company has a market cap of $3.48 billion, a PE ratio of 46.81 and a beta of 1.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $16.75 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.14. Extended Stay America Inc has a one year low of $13.00 and a one year high of $18.65. Extended Stay America (NYSE:STAY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.12 by $0.03. The business earned $291 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $290.20 million. Extended Stay America had a return on equity of 13.15% and a net margin of 9.45%. The company’s revenue was up 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.13 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Extended Stay America Inc will post $1.02 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 9th. This is a boost from Extended Stay America’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.68%. Extended Stay America’s dividend payout ratio is currently 128.81%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/reinhart-partners-inc-has-2-225-million-stake-in-extended-stay-america-inc-stay.html. STAY has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded Extended Stay America from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $16.00 to $18.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Barclays PLC set a $22.00 price target on Extended Stay America and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Extended Stay America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Extended Stay America presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $18.11. In other Extended Stay America news, Director Douglas Gerard Geoga purchased 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $16.46 per share, for a total transaction of $246,900.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 126,408 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,080,675.68. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.49% of the company’s stock. Extended Stay America Company Profile Extended Stay America, Inc is a owner/operator of company-branded hotels in North America. The Company operates in the extended stay lodging industry. The Company owns and operates approximately 700 hotel properties consisting of approximately 75,900 rooms located in 44 states across the United States of America and in Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Extended Stay America Inc (NYSE:STAY). Receive News & Ratings for Extended Stay America Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Extended Stay America Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 UL Video Maternity hospital North Korea French Election Home»Business Philip Lane: Tight window to sort infrastructure after Brexit Thursday, May 04, 2017 Eamon Quinn and Pádraig Hoare Current house shortages and house price increases will not prevent Ireland luring regulated UK-based banks and insurers who will need a home inside the EU after Brexit, Central Bank governor Philip Lane has said. The “window is tight” to get infrastructure such as housing, schools and office accommodation in place but financial institutions will base their decisions on how quickly the “faults will be fixed”, Mr Lane said. Speaking to reporters, he also expressed confidence the Central Bank’s controls over mortgage lending would prevent any future overheating of the housing market. There are many “brakes in the system”, he said. The shortage of housing across Ireland has become a hot political debate over whether the country will attract a large share of the banking jobs that will likely shift out of London as the UK prepares to exit the EU. But Mr Lane said no single EU centre will replace the City of London as EU cities compete by offering different advantages such as their housing, taxation and legal systems. There had been fears that Ireland could lose out after insurers such as AIG and the Lloyd’s of London market opted to set up bases in other EU countries despite the large international insurance industry that is based here. However, investment banking giant JPMorgan Chase has confirmed it plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to preserve easy access to the EU’s single market after Brexit. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” said its head of investment banking, Daniel Pinto. Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after UK prime minister Theresa May began the formal process for exiting the bloc. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients,” said Mr Pinto. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” The firm’s EU investment banking operations will likely be based in Frankfurt, while custody will be located in Dublin and treasury services will be handled in Luxembourg, a source said. JPMorgan will initially move between 500 and 1,000 staff to the three cities and others in the region. PwC’s Brexit business partner David McGee said there is at least a 75% chance of a hard Brexit and planning had to reflect that. Speaking in Cork, he said the continued row over the “divorce bill” between the EU and the UK, as well as the free movement of people and the complications of trade talks all pointed to a hard Brexit. The question, Mr McGee said, was whether the risks posed by Brexit to the agri-food industry could be offset by opportunities in financial services and information technology. He said Cork was in prime position to take its place as a European leader in financial services and IT. Mr McGee said both Dublin and Cork had the “existing critical mass” to support financial technology and cyber firms who were looking to operate away from London. Additional reporting Bloomberg READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS philip lane, brexit, business, economy, finance © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Brexit negotiations: Phoney war is ending as reality bites Grocer Sainsbury under pressure on Brexit costs Lakeland co-op ready to face Brexit May accuses 'some in Brussels' of trying to influence the General Election More in this Section €35k court award costs over €2m in legal fees Irish travel agents assess toll of terror attacks Car sales dip but manufacturing up BP profits boost shares Breaking Stories Facebook tops first-quarter forecasts with £2.4bn profit Google targeted by email scam impersonating docs service Lifestyle Beat the fashion hang-ups with a personal shopper Top international prize for West Cork hairdresser Ciarán O'Sullivan A question of taste: Cormac Ó Caoimh, singer/song-writer C Duncan is turning Mercury into gold with music prize More From The Irish Examiner WhatsApp back in service after outage cut millions off WhatsApp is down and people have responded in the only way they know how: Lots of gifs Melania Trump liked a tweet ridiculing her marriage The best reactions to those Theresa May chip photos Over-50s on Turner Prize shortlist after age limit scrapped Watch this shouty pensioner lay into Tim Farron over his stance on Brexit Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Darksiders 3 officially announced Sony Xperia X Ultra leaks Lotto Results Wednesday, May 03, 2017 1 15 24 31 35 36 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Developers for Cork events centre want €18m as costs soar €5.6m for Cork student who had legs amputated after meningitis misdiagnosis 12 pubs, 7 women, 3 assaults, 1 ‘funny old case’ WATCH: The White House press corps lose it with Sean Spicer after he walks out of press briefing Dead woman’s partner accused of assaulting man Despite what they say, ‘Nam was never this bad Leicester fans are celebrating one year since they won the Premier League, now Chelsea fans want them to repay the favour 15-year-old Cork teen sues a Kerry out-of-hours doctor service over alleged meningitis misdiagnosis ‘The future for Cork hurling can be very bright...’ Cistercian Monks in Waterford fighting hard for a future NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD Top international prize for West Cork hairdresser Ciarán O'Sullivan BUSINESS JD Wetherspoon Irish growth plan will focus on Dublin Volkswagen looks beyond diesel scandal as profits surge SPORT Jim Gavin eager to reshape ‘cynical Dubs’ narrative Kieran Keane can get Connacht firing again, says Munster's Rhys Marshall LIFESTYLE C Duncan is turning Mercury into gold with music prize A question of taste: Cormac Ó Caoimh, singer/song-writer     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper JPMorgan to move staff to EU offices on Brexit fears JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon had told UK employees they could be relocated in the event of Brexit.PHOTO: REUTERS Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/42Lq Copy DUBAI • JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the United Kingdom to lose easy access to the European Union's single market after Brexit, the firm's head of investment banking said. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Mr Daniel Pinto said on Tuesday. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish." Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases into the EU after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the formal mechanism for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before the June referendum, JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon told UK employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher - or lower - depending on how the government's negotiations played out. "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients," Mr Pinto said. JPMorgan is just the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain's March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Deutsche Bank said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London, Barclays said it will activate its contingency plan within six months and Goldman Sachs Group said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. Frankfurt and Dublin are the favoured destinations. Standard Chartered and Barclays are considering the Irish capital for their EU base, while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing Germany's financial hub. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group saying on March 8 that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000 sq ft to 150,000 sq ft of space, and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand, depending on the deal Mrs May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. BLOOMBERG A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 04, 2017, with the headline 'JPMorgan to move staff to EU offices on Brexit fears'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  BREXIT BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/42Lq Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ז' אייר תשע"ז  -  כ״ב בעומר   |   Wednesday, May 3, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to EU Offices on Brexit JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to EU Offices on Brexit Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 4:19 pm | ז' אייר תשע"ז The Canary Wharf financial district on the banks of the River Thames in London. (Bloomberg/Simon Dawson) (Bloomberg) - JPMorgan Chase & Co. plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to preserve easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto said in an interview Tuesday in Riyadh, referring to the New York-based firm’s local entities. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers.” Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after British Prime Minister Theresa May began the formal process for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before last year’s referendum, JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon told U.K. employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher — or lower — depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no U.K.–EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients,” Pinto said. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier on Wednesday ruled out any immediate negotiations on transitional arrangements for the U.K.’s withdrawal from the bloc, the central demand of London-based finance firms. Any discussions on the future trading relationship between the two sides probably won’t start until the end of the year at the earliest, Barnier told reporters in Brussels. JPMorgan is the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Deutsche Bank AG said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London, Barclays Plc said it will activate its contingency plan within six months, and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. Frankfurt and Dublin are the favored destinations. Standard Chartered Plc announced Wednesday that it had picked Germany’s financial hub for its new EU base while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing a similar decision, and Barclays is considering the Irish capital. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group Inc. saying on March 8 that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000 square feet (4,645 square meters) to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand, depending on what deal May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. Separately, Pinto also said he was bullish on the Middle East and North Africa, where the bank plans to add to its 200 staff and build its businesses in payment processing, asset custody services and investment banking. Pinto was speaking on the sidelines of Euromoney’s conference in Saudi Arabia, which has embarked on an unprecedented series of reforms as it looks to diversify the economy from oil. “Our business in this region will grow along with this reform process, and I’m bullish on emerging markets in general,” said Pinto, who was one of the conference’s keynote speakers. “We are well positioned in this region, Asia and Latin America. Where there is a combination of faster growth and underdeveloped financial markets, we can be a big part of that process.” JPMorgan was among banks hired by the Saudi government for a $9 billion international Islamic bond sale and also worked on the kingdom’s debut sovereign debt issue in October, which raised $17.5 billion. Filed under: Bank, EU Print Email Gmail Related In Blow to London, HSBC to Shift Some Staff to Paris After Brexit JPMorgan to Trim 4,000 Jobs, Many in Consumer Bank Brexit Spurs 10 London Startups to Inquire About Move to Berlin JPMorgan Mulls Sale of Commodities Unit JPMorgan’s Results Beat Forecasts as Trading Revenue Jumps More in Business Staples Revamps Marketing in Bid to Shed Retail-Industry Baggage Generic Drugmakers Want Antitrust Lawsuit Dismissed Services Firms Grow Faster in April Fed Holds Interest Rates Steady, Downplays 1Q Economic Weakness Stocks Lower Ahead of Fed Statement OP-ED All Eyes on France Introducing the ‘New, Improved’ Hamas An Impossible Pretzel A Pashute Yid? Populism on pause A Nationwide Chessed The Past 100 Days Have Been a Disaster — for Democrats The Risks of Businesses Learning How Consumers Think A Persistent Insanity Infects a Local Election The Good Tidings Let ‘So-Called Judges’ Work in Peace Trump Is Skillfully Navigating Washington’s Budget Realities Salted Bagels With Lox and Cream Cheese The Real Zachor Features Nichum Aveilim 7 Iyar/May 3 Fathers Days This Day In History 7 Iyar/May 3 Four Corners Sudoku – May 3, 2017 This Day In History 6 Iyar/May 2 The Odd Side – May 2, 2017 Artsy World of Wonder – May 2, 2017 Sudoku – May 2, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – May 2, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 6 Iyar/May 2 This Day In History 5 Iyar/May 1 Nichum Aveilim 5 Iyar/May 1 Weather » Brooklyn 63°F Partly cloudy See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,072.55 -22.82 (-0.37%) S&P 500 2,388.13 -3.04 (-0.13%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9163 GBP 0.7745 ILS 3.6121 CHF 0.9919 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise Central Penn Business Journal News Business Journal Daily News By Industry Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy & Environment Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing & Distribution Marketing & Advertising Nonprofit Real Estate Retail Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Briefcase Opinion Columns Newsmakers Off the Clock Digital Edition Editorial Cartoon Blogs All Blogs CPBJ Extra Blog Fast Forward Women in Business Morning Roundup 10 Things to do This Weekend Around The Globe Events Awards Programs Best Places to Work in PA Business of the Year Executive Management Awards Forty Under 40 Nonprofit Innovation Awards Top 50 Fastest Growing Companies Women of Influence Seminars & Symposiums 90 Ideas in 90 Minutes Being a Best Places to Work in PA Company Seminar CPBJ Webinar Series Health Care Symposium Real Estate & Development Symposium Community Events Post an Event Sign up for Event Information Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories 2016 CPBJ Top 100/250 2015 CPBJ Top 100/250 Complete a Survey 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Marketplace Photos Off the Clock Slideshows View / Purchase Event Photos Video Resources CPBJ Top 100/250 Insights Insights Home Insights Authors Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Week Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Login World: JPMorgan to move hundreds of staff to three EU offices on BrexitSource: Bloomberg May 3, 2017 at 10:13 AM JPMorgan Chase & Co. plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to preserve easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. Continue reading More From This Industry • Stock market remains pressured as Fed stands pat on interest rates • McNees, Wallace & Nurick hires new COO • Conservative group launches 'Free Our Spirits' campaign to end state-run liquor monopoly • New wine marketing campaign fueled by Pa. modernization efforts Share This Story: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on CPBJ.com Anticipating spike in summer demand, Sheetz looks to hire 3,400 Hotel owner sentenced for pocketing $300K in sales tax Grumbacher to leave Bon-Ton board Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 No sweat: Midstate native pitches specialty shirts on 'Shark Tank' 2 McNees, Wallace & Nurick hires new COO 3 Duke Realty pays $11.9M for I-78 industrial tract 4 Grumbacher to leave Bon-Ton board 5 Millersville official to head Maryland college 1 Guest view: Home rule is not the only option for Harrisburg (3) 2 Pa. American Water seeks double-digit rate hikes (2) 3 Grand jury declines criminal charges, urges tougher laws in wake of incinerator probe (2) 4 Hotel owner sentenced for pocketing $300K in sales tax (2) 5 Business-plan contest under way in Lancaster (2) Featured News McNees, Wallace & Nurick hires new COO Conservative group launches 'Free Our Spirits' campaign to end state-run liquor monopoly Harsco backs off separation of metals business PHFA accepting bids for new tax credit program No sweat: Midstate native pitches specialty shirts on 'Shark Tank' Grumbacher to leave Bon-Ton board Central Penn Business Journal Latest News CPBJ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With CPBJ Media Kit 2017 Editorial Calendar Event Sponsorships Production Info Classified Specs Customer Service Contact CPBJ Help & FAQ About CPBJ CPBJ Staff Directions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Purchase Photos Resources Classifieds Archive Search Surveys Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AU Optronics Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AU Optronics Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2018 EPS Estimates for Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Raised by Analyst FY2018 EPS Estimates for KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Raised by Analyst FY2018 EPS Estimates for Icon Plc (ICLR) Raised by Analyst Brokers Offer Predictions for Meredith Co.’s FY2018 Earnings (MDP) Greenleaf Trust Acquires Shares of 5,927 Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Nomura Holdings Inc (NMR) Shares Bought by Greenleaf Trust Greenleaf Trust Acquires Shares of 52,507 AU Optronics Corp (AUO) 12,382 Shares in China Life Insurance Co Ltd (LFC) Acquired by Greenleaf Trust Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $635,000 Position in Aqua America Inc (WTR) Greenleaf Trust Purchases Shares of 13,489 Telefonica S.A. (TEF) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Shares Sold by BB&T Corp BB&T Corp Sells 12,215 Shares of Dollar General Corp. (DG) BB&T Corp Acquires 797 Shares of Baidu Inc (BIDU) Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Essendant Inc (ESND) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Five Prime Therapeutics Inc (FPRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold CVR Energy (CVI) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25 Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact THL Credit (TCRD) Share Price Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Delek Logistics Partners (DKL) Stock Price HCI Group (HCI) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Greenleaf Trust Acquires Shares of 52,507 AU Optronics Corp (AUO) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Greenleaf Trust bought a new position in shares of AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 52,507 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock, valued at approximately $201,000. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of AU Optronics Corp by 12.0% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 6,675,500 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $23,631,000 after buying an additional 715,916 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of AU Optronics Corp by 21.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 865,762 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $3,064,000 after buying an additional 152,778 shares during the period. Susquehanna International Group LLP boosted its stake in shares of AU Optronics Corp by 41.1% in the third quarter. Susquehanna International Group LLP now owns 625,257 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $2,282,000 after buying an additional 182,225 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of AU Optronics Corp by 972.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 604,948 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $2,208,000 after buying an additional 548,559 shares during the period. Finally, NINE MASTS CAPITAL Ltd boosted its stake in shares of AU Optronics Corp by 171.1% in the fourth quarter. NINE MASTS CAPITAL Ltd now owns 542,972 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $1,982,000 after buying an additional 342,672 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 6.01% of the company’s stock. Shares of AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) traded down 0.610% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $4.075. 1,851,963 shares of the stock were exchanged. AU Optronics Corp has a 12-month low of $2.47 and a 12-month high of $4.42. The firm has a market cap of $3.92 billion, a PE ratio of 4.851 and a beta of 0.62. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $3.96 and a 200 day moving average price of $3.85. AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The semiconductor company reported $0.32 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.49. AU Optronics Corp had a negative net margin of 2.81% and a negative return on equity of 4.70%. The firm earned $88.56 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $88.56 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.57) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that AU Optronics Corp will post $1.06 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/greenleaf-trust-acquires-shares-of-52507-au-optronics-corp-auo.html. AUO has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AU Optronics Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $4.75 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. TheStreet upgraded shares of AU Optronics Corp from a “d+” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of AU Optronics Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein cut shares of AU Optronics Corp from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. AU Optronics Corp currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $4.38. AU Optronics Corp Company Profile AU Optronics Corp. is a thin-film-transistor liquid-crystal display (TFT-LCD) panel provider. The Company operates in two business segments: display business and solar business. Through Display business segment, the Company designs, develops, manufactures, assembles and markets flat panel displays and most of its products are TFT-LCD panels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AUO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AU Optronics Corp (NYSE:AUO). Receive News & Ratings for AU Optronics Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AU Optronics Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search J.P. Morgan to Shift Up to 1,000 Jobs Out of London Ahead of Brexit ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More J.P. Morgan to Shift Up to 1,000 Jobs Out of London Ahead of Brexit Published May 03, 2017 Industries Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Comments Print FILE PHOTO - People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo (Copyright Reuters 2017) J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. (JPM) will move between 500 to 1,000 jobs out of London as the bank begins to implement its post-Brexit plans, according to people familiar with the matter.  Continue Reading Below The U.S. bank is planning to bulk up operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt to service clients in the European Union after the U.K. quits the trading bloc. The job moves wouldn't necessarily go just to those three cities but could be spread across a range of European hubs that J.P. Morgan operates across the continent, the people said.  After the two-year Brexit negotiating period ends, the bank will re-evaluate its plans and move further jobs if necessary. At first, a few hundred employees are expected to move but it could reach 1,000 over months, one of the people said.  The move underscores how bank relocations out of the U.K. are becoming a reality as Brexit negotiations get under way. Estimates of how many U.K. financial-industry jobs are at stake vary from a few hundred to 75,000.  In recent months, banks have been putting finishing touches to backup plans to ensure they can still sell products into the EU even if the U.K. is cut off from the bloc. U.S. banks previously concentrated large chunks of their investment banking activities in London to build economies of scale. But now they are having to find ways to partially unwind them.  In J.P. Morgan's case that will mean running its EU custody business out of Dublin, treasury services from Luxembourg and its European investment bank from Frankfurt, one of the people said.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT J.P. Morgan staffers have begun compiling paperwork to apply for licenses. The bank had already been perusing offices in Dublin and Frankfurt to increase scale. It remains unclear exactly how many jobs will ultimately be moved to the EU. J.P. Morgan Chief Executive James Dimon has said up to a quarter of the bank's 16,000 staff in the U.K. may have to move.  In recent weeks, other U.S. banks have started to flesh out plans for life beyond Brexit. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said it would initially move hundreds of jobs to the EU. "We will relocate client-facing people... across a broad range of European markets," said Richard Gnodde, vice chairman at Goldman Sachs, last week. "So we'll have more people in Madrid, more in Milan, more in Paris. And the list goes on."  Goldman has said the job moves will start next year. Morgan Stanley is looking at a number of cities including Dublin and Paris, according to people familiar with the matter.  By Max Colchester and Emily Glazer What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NEXT plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NEXT plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Hits New 52-Week High on Earnings Beat Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods NEXT plc’s (NXT) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. York Water Co (YORW) Announces $0.16 Quarterly Dividend NexPoint Residential Trust Inc (NXRT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.11 (TYPE) Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Capital Power Corp’s (CPX) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Orchids Paper Products Company (TIS) Downgraded by TheStreet to C Drax Group PLC (DRXGY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC Equitable Group Inc. (EQB) Given New C$47.00 Price Target at National Bank Financial Keyera Corp (KEY) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO) Price Target Increased to C$39.00 by Analysts at CIBC Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Lincoln National (LNC) Share Price Strayer Education Inc (STRA) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations USA Technologies (USAT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Platform Specialty Products Corp (PAH) Stock Price NEXT plc’s (NXT) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of NEXT plc (LON:NXT) in a report published on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 4,580 ($59.13) price target on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on NXT. HSBC Holdings plc restated a hold rating and set a GBX 4,680 ($60.43) price objective on shares of NEXT plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Shore Capital restated a sell rating on shares of NEXT plc in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Investec lowered their price objective on NEXT plc from GBX 4,580 ($59.13) to GBX 3,900 ($50.36) and set a sell rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Canaccord Genuity lowered NEXT plc to a sell rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from GBX 4,400 ($56.81) to GBX 3,714 ($47.95) in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Citigroup Inc lowered their price objective on NEXT plc from GBX 4,800 ($61.98) to GBX 4,180 ($53.97) and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 4,471.52 ($57.73). Shares of NEXT plc (LON:NXT) traded up 1.10% on Tuesday, reaching GBX 4410.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,052,644 shares. The firm’s market cap is GBX 6.29 billion. NEXT plc has a 1-year low of GBX 3,550.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 5,705.00. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 4,157.00 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 4,387.05. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “NEXT plc’s (NXT) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/next-plcs-nxt-neutral-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were issued a dividend of GBX 45 ($0.58) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.07%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 6th. In other news, insider Michael J. Roney acquired 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 27th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 4,138 ($53.43) per share, with a total value of £206,900 ($267,140.09). About NEXT plc NEXT plc is a United Kingdom-based retailer offering clothing, footwear, accessories and home products. The Company’s segments include NEXT Retail, a chain of over 500 stores in the United Kingdom and Eire; NEXT Directory, an online and catalogue shopping business with over four million active customers and international Websites serving approximately 70 countries; NEXT International Retail, with approximately 200 mainly franchised stores; NEXT Sourcing, which designs and sources NEXT branded products; Lipsy, which designs and sells Lipsy branded younger women’s fashion products, and Property Management, which holds properties and property leases which are sub-let to other segments and external parties. Receive News & Ratings for NEXT plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NEXT plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Unilever plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Hits New 52-Week High on Earnings Beat Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods NEXT plc’s (NXT) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. York Water Co (YORW) Announces $0.16 Quarterly Dividend NexPoint Residential Trust Inc (NXRT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.11 (TYPE) Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Capital Power Corp’s (CPX) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Orchids Paper Products Company (TIS) Downgraded by TheStreet to C Drax Group PLC (DRXGY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Jefferies Group LLC Equitable Group Inc. (EQB) Given New C$47.00 Price Target at National Bank Financial Keyera Corp (KEY) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO) Price Target Increased to C$39.00 by Analysts at CIBC Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Lincoln National (LNC) Share Price Strayer Education Inc (STRA) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations USA Technologies (USAT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Platform Specialty Products Corp (PAH) Stock Price Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Unilever plc (LON:ULVR) in a research note published on Tuesday. Other analysts have also issued reports about the company. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 4,360 ($56.29) target price on shares of Unilever plc in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Berenberg Bank boosted their target price on Unilever plc from GBX 4,300 ($55.52) to GBX 4,850 ($62.62) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 3,870 ($49.97) target price on shares of Unilever plc in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. S&P Global boosted their target price on Unilever plc from GBX 3,400 ($43.90) to GBX 3,750 ($48.42) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 3,360 ($43.38) target price on Unilever plc and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 4,072.52 ($52.58). Unilever plc (LON:ULVR) traded down 0.09% on Tuesday, hitting GBX 4026.50. The stock had a trading volume of 1,789,701 shares. Unilever plc has a 52 week low of GBX 3,019.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 4,088.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 114.34 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 4,005.53 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 3,524.34. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/unilever-plc-ulvr-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a GBX 30.21 ($0.39) dividend. This is an increase from Unilever plc’s previous dividend of $27.68. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a yield of 0.76%. In other news, insider Strive Masiyiwa acquired 1,130 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 4,031 ($52.05) per share, for a total transaction of £45,550.30 ($58,812.52). Also, insider John Rishton Cha acquired 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 3,966 ($51.21) per share, for a total transaction of £79,320 ($102,414.46). In the last quarter, insiders purchased 3,140 shares of company stock worth $12,524,086. Unilever plc Company Profile Unilever PLC is a fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) company. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, which primarily includes sales of skin care and hair care products, deodorants and oral care products; Foods, which primarily includes sales of soups, bouillons, sauces, snacks, mayonnaise, salad dressings, margarines and spreads; Home Care, which primarily includes sales of home care products, such as powders, liquids and capsules, soap bars and a range of cleaning products, and Refreshment, which primarily includes sales of ice cream and tea-based beverages. Receive News & Ratings for Unilever plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout Star Weekend Change Makers All Sections epaper Multimedia Video Stories World Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business Global Business 12:00 AM, May 04, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:27 AM, May 04, 2017 JPMorgan set to move hundreds of staff from UK over Brexit 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Afp, London US bank JPMorgan will move hundreds of staff from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as part of their Brexit plans, the firm's head of investment banking said Wednesday. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." UK-based banks and other financial firms face losing "passporting" rights to sell services to clients operating in the European Union once Britain definitively quits the EU in March 2019. Talks between the two sides are not set to begin until after a UK general election slated for June 8, at which Prime Minister Theresa May is expected to be returned with an increased majority. Many banks are now looking to cities in the eurozone to set up a European presence supervised by the European Central Bank. The Daily Star Breaking news alert on your phone. Grameenphone and Robi: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2222 Banglalink: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2225 Find more information on SMS subscription Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Hamid Mir to return father’s award given by Bangladesh govt Japan honours ex-air chief Mahmud How much the Google CEO earns? Hotter than the summer sun Metro rail project slows down Film directors ban Shakib Khan A forgotten hero Bangladesh delicately placed in ICC ODI rankings Talks on VAT: Muhith, businessmen exchange heated words Missing Mustafizur Watch out for Myanmar Taka makes a strong comeback as BB steps in Chinese cos buy Chevron Bangladesh Corporate tax may see cuts Telcos blame poor services on low spectrum Prices won't rise under new VAT law: NBR Enabling businesses with drones PM asks Teletalk to find foreign partner BB to include tourism in its policy Robi ready to launch 4G services 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More Latest from Star Live More from Global Business US private sector hiring slows in April VW confirms forecast after jump start to 2017 Mahindra pulls the plug on electric car sales in UK Oil rebounds from near 2017 lows Made-in-China passenger jet set to take wing In case you missed it What next for our cricket? A boy extraordinaire No interest in Hollywood? The Wows and Woes of winter 2016 Warmest Year on Record Globally Multimedia you may like TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.05.04) Today's Gallery (2017.05.01) Today's Gallery (2017.04.30) Today's Gallery (2017.04.29) Today's Gallery (2017.04.27) Today's Gallery (2017.04.26) facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Top
UNITED-KINGDOM BELGIUM FRANCE GERMANY LUXEMBOURG MOSCOW NETHERLANDS PORTUGAL SOUTH AFRICA SPAIN SWITZERLAND UNITED KINGDOM Country Guide Moving to uk Visas & Permits Working in uk Finance Housing Healthcare Education Family About uk Insider Views Out & About British News Features Country News Jobs Find a job in uk Working in uk Find a House Find a house in uk Housing Guide in uk Community Ask the Expert Forum Dating Events Newsletter Directory Classifieds Listings Expatica home  ❱  News  ❱  JPMorgan set to move hundreds of staff from UK over Brexit Tweet ShareThis JPMorgan set to move hundreds of staff from UK over Brexit 3rd May 2017, 0 comments US bank JPMorgan will move hundreds of staff from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as part of their Brexit plans, the firm's head of investment banking said Wednesday. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." UK-based banks and other financial firms face losing "passporting" rights to sell services to clients operating in the European Union once Britain definitively quits the EU in March 2019. Talks between the two sides are not set to begin until after a UK general election slated for June 8, at which Prime Minister Theresa May is expected to be returned with an increased majority. Many banks are now looking to cities in the eurozone to set up a European presence supervised by the European Central Bank. JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon warned before last year's referendum that as many as 4,000 British jobs could be relocated. Deutsche Bank said last week it could move up to 4,000 jobs away from Britain, while Goldman Sachs has said it expected to begin relocating positions next year. Standard Chartered said Wednesday that it had chosen Frankfurt as its new hub. "We have looked at a number of locations but the choice of Frankfurt was very natural," bank chairman Jose Vinals said. Estimates for the possible number of jobs to be lost by London's key financial sector range from as few as 4,000 to as many as 232,000. Around 700,000 people currently work in the City of London. © 2017 AFP 0 Comments To This Article Leave a Reply Dating Currency Zone Health Quotes Expat Deals Moving Quotes Most Read Toxic stew: Police seize millions of eur... African migrants seeking Europe sold as... Don't wait to apply for EU licence, ECB... Who are the world's most travelled footb... Expatica Offers CURRENCY ZONE Discover how to save time and money, by managing your finances and overseas transactions with ease. FIND LOVE Meet new people, make new friends, and find someone special with Expatica Date JOB FAIR for Internationals Join the event for pursuing an international career in the Netherlands, featuring a range of employers and presentations. FIND A JOB Find your new international career, or simply keep an eye on vacancies, with Expatica Jobs. ENGAGE WITH EXPATICA Are you an advertiser? Learn how to connect with Expatica’s readers. United-kingdom Guide Moving to UK Visas & Permits Working in UK Finance Housing Healthcare Education Family About UK Insider Views Out & About Jobs Employment in UK Find a job in UK Housing Housing guide UK Find a house in UK British News Ask the Expert Community Forum Dating Events Directory Listings Classifieds Expatica newsletter UK Daily UK Weekly About Expatica | Advertise | Banners & Widgets | Contact us | Privacy policy | Editorial policy | Disclaimer | Sitemap | Terms of service | Refer site to a friend © Copyright 2000-2017 Expatica Communications BV Scroll
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Planet Payment Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Planet Payment Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macdonald Dettwiler & Associates Ltd (MDA) PT Lowered to C$93.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $13.57 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.69 Million Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Receives Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Announces Earnings Results Super Micro Computer’s (SMCI) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Price Target Cut to C$13.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Brokerages Expect CST Brands Inc (CST) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.54 Billion CA, Inc. (CA) Upgraded to “Outperform” by FIG Partners National Research Co. (NRCIB) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.55 EPS Bartlett & Co. LLC Has $153,000 Position in Monsanto Company (MON) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Has $8.14 Million Stake in Baxter International Inc (BAX) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Decreased by Delta Asset Management LLC TN Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Sells 18,762 Shares of BB&T Co. (BBT) Halliburton Company (HAL) Shares Bought by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $2.123 Million Position in Public Storage (PSA) Fastenal Company (FAST) Position Boosted by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC First Mercantile Trust Co. Has $515,000 Position in Oshkosh Corp (OSK) WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $13.57 Million May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts expect Planet Payment Inc (NASDAQ:PLPM) to report sales of $13.57 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have issued estimates for Planet Payment’s earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $13.62 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $13.51 million. Planet Payment posted sales of $13.69 million in the same quarter last year, which indicates a negative year over year growth rate of 0.9%. The company is scheduled to announce its next earnings report after the market closes on Tuesday, May 9th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Planet Payment will report full-year sales of $13.57 million for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $59.6 million to $60.47 million. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report sales of $67.19 million per share, with estimates ranging from $66.3 million to $67.76 million. Zacks’ sales calculations are an average based on a survey of analysts that that provide coverage for Planet Payment. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on PLPM shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Planet Payment from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $4.25 price objective for the company in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Feltl & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Planet Payment in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Stanley Laman Group Ltd. raised its position in shares of Planet Payment by 6.1% in the third quarter. Stanley Laman Group Ltd. now owns 41,509 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $154,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Planet Payment by 1.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 438,200 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $1,626,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares in the last quarter. Marathon Capital Management raised its position in shares of Planet Payment by 0.6% in the third quarter. Marathon Capital Management now owns 1,678,150 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $6,226,000 after buying an additional 9,250 shares in the last quarter. Value Holdings LP raised its position in shares of Planet Payment by 425.9% in the third quarter. Value Holdings LP now owns 100,974 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $375,000 after buying an additional 81,774 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Springbank Value Partners LP raised its position in shares of Planet Payment by 511.1% in the third quarter. Springbank Value Partners LP now owns 27,500 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 23,000 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 51.47% of the company’s stock. Shares of Planet Payment (NASDAQ:PLPM) traded down 0.71% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $4.21. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 51,868 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $4.00 and its 200 day moving average price is $4.02. Planet Payment has a 12-month low of $2.75 and a 12-month high of $4.97. The firm has a market cap of $204.96 million, a P/E ratio of 9.57 and a beta of 0.70. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/planet-payment-inc-plpm-expected-to-announce-quarterly-sales-of-13-57-million.html. About Planet Payment Planet Payment, Inc is a provider of international payment and transaction processing and multi-currency processing services. The Company operates through two segments: multi-currency processing services and payment processing services. Its multi-currency processing services segment includes Pay In Your Currency, Multi-Currency Pricing and Dynamic Currency Conversion at automated teller machines, enable merchants to offer customized pricing in multiple currencies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Planet Payment (PLPM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Planet Payment Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Planet Payment Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nestle SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nestle SA (NESN) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Stake Held by First Quadrant L P CA ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Bought by First Mercantile Trust Co. Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect China New Borun Corp (BORN) Share Price First Quadrant L P CA Holds Stake in Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) TCP Capital Corp’s (TCPC) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods BWS Financial Boosts Lendingtree Inc (TREE) Price Target to $185.00 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Powell Industries (POWL) Stock Price Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Stake Raised by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Itron, Inc. (ITRI) Stake Decreased by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Mercantile Trust Co. Has $547,000 Position in Square Inc (SQ) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect St. Joe (JOE) Share Price SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Price Target Raised to $42.00 Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Shares Sold by First Quadrant L P CA Triton International Limited (TRTN) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Acquires 1,932 Shares of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) FBR & Co Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) FY2017 EPS Estimates for LifePoint Health Inc Lifted by Analyst (LPNT) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Medidata Solutions Inc Lifted by Analyst (MDSO) Nestle SA (NESN) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Nestle SA (VTX: NESN) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 4/25/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 83 price target on by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 88 price target on by analysts at Baader Bank. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 85 price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 78 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 81 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/7/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 85 price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/7/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 81 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 80 price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Nestle SA had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/27/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 79 price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 85 price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 68 price target on by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 81 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Nestle SA was given a new CHF 78 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Shares of Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) traded up 0.26% on Wednesday, hitting CHK 77.40. 2,855,970 shares of the stock traded hands. Nestle SA has a 12 month low of CHK 67.00 and a 12 month high of CHK 80.05. The firm’s 50 day moving average is CHK 76.70 and its 200-day moving average is CHK 73.43. Nestle SA is a nutrition, health and wellness company. The Company’s segments are Zone Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Zone Americas (AMS); Zone Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa (AOA); Nestle Waters; Nestle Nutrition, and Other Businesses. The Company operates in the United States, Greater China Region, Switzerland and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Nestle SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London due to Brexit Hundreds of JPMorgan employees will be moved to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the EU. The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase & Co. says the bank will move hundreds of jobs away from London as Britain prepares to leave the European Union.   (Seth Wenig / The Associated Press)   By The Associated Press Wed., May 3, 2017 LONDON—The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase & Co. says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News on Tuesday some will move “in the short term to be ready for day one.” More may follow. Some international banks have used the U.K. as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as “passporting.” But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. Read more: Brexit turbulence is a realistic expectation, warns U.K. treasury chief JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. Article Continued Below Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Adrianne Pieczonka nails her scenes to the stage floor in Tosca: review New faces freshen up COC production, notably Marcelo Puente as Cavaradossi and Markus Marquardt as Scarpia. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Penta Asia Asia’s Super Rich Focus of Private Banks Shakeup The hunt for profits in a competitive market has forced cost cuts and higher minimum investment levels. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Abby Schultz Biography April 22, 2016 It’s a mistake to say private banks are scaling back in Asia, as some headlines may assert, but clearly change is afoot as wealth management units are merged, acquired and restructured all in an effort to boost profitability and remain competitive. Consider JP Morgan’s recently reported plans to boost the minimum level of investable assets required to join the private bank to $10 million from $5 million and to cut staff (JP Morgan only confirms the departure of their market manager for North Asia). Then there’s the sale of Barclays private bank in Asia to Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp.’s Bank of Singapore for $320 million earlier this month and the 2015 sale of Royal Bank of Scotland’s Coutts International wealth management business to Union Bancaire Privée. There are also several HQ-level changes at global banks rippling through to Asia: Deutsche Bank split its asset management and wealth management units and last October. Credit Suisse created a standalone Asia Pacific division that includes private banking as well as investment banking. Previously Credit Suisse’s private bank was part of the Swiss bank’s global private banking unit. The definition of ultra wealthy, by the way, depends on who you ask. RBC Wealth Management and Capgemini, which author an annual report on global wealth, put it at $30 million, while Boston Consulting Group says the cut-off is more than $100 million. All of this is happening against a 4.3% drop in assets under management at the top 20 private banks in Asia last year to $1.47 trillion, Asian Private Banker reports. And the shift comes amid heightened regulatory scrutiny across the globe. Penta Asia coverage of the region’s top private bankers Pictet Says Less Is More in Asian Private Banking Julius Baer’s Meier Says Future for Advice Is Local UBS’ Kathryn Shih Plays the Long Game JPMorgan’s Private Bank Takes a Team Approach Bank of Singapore Knows Family Matters That scrutiny, including the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act – which requires foreign institutions to report account information of U.S. citizens to the U.S. government; and the OECD’s Common Reporting Standard, which will involve more than 90 countries in a similar exchange of account information beginning next year, is boosting compliance costs for banks. Estimates are FATCA alone costs banks about $5,000 per person a year. As banks look for ways to squeeze more dollars out of their business they are turning to the super rich. One reason is the liquid wealth of the very wealthiest is growing at a faster rate. The portfolios of individuals with $10 million or more in liquid assets grew at a compound annual rate of 9.7% between 2010 and 2014, and are expected to grow at a compound annual rate of 11.7% from 2015 to 2019, according to Verdict Financial data. Those with $1 million or more saw their assets grow at a compound annual rate of 6.8% between 2010 and 2014 and these assets are forecast to grow at a compound annual rate of 7.5% from 2015 to 2019. “As margins are getting tighter, wealth managers are focusing on more profitable segments and the UHNW segment is definitely more lucrative than lower affluent ones,” says Heike van den Hövel, a senior analyst in wealth management at Verdict Financial. Rising compliance costs are also prompting private bankers to leave their banks and open up independent asset management firms focused on advice, not asset gathering, says Shu Mei Chua, associate director at research firm Cerulli Associates in Singapore. “Some private bankers have gone to [external asset managers] because they can do what they do best -- advise clients on asset allocation and not do admin stuff,” Chua says. Private bank units of global private banks have long focused on the super wealthy. Goldman’s Asia private bank requires a staggering $100 million in investable assets, while at Deutsche, the minimum is $20 million. Citi Private Bank requires you have a net worth of $25 million and $10 million to invest. Citi serves clients with $1 million to $10 million to invest through Citigold Private Client. Although clients need only CHF 2 million ($2 million) in investable assets to become a private bank client at Credit Suisse, 60% of its clients are ultra wealthy, which it defines as having CHF 50 million or more. “ One clear strategy of several banks is to capture assets owned by Asia’s emerging entrepreneurial class, many of which are more focused on growing their businesses than managing their money. ” HSBC Private Bank currently serves clients with at least $5 million in investable assets, according to its website, and at UBS, you can have as little as $1 million to invest, although if you have $50 million or more, you are eligible for the bank’s ultra-high-net-worth services. As global banks re-tool their strategies to cater to the very richest “Asian home grown banks” like DBS and Bank of Singapore are moving in to capture customers with $1 million to $5 million in assets, says Chua at Cerulli. One clear strategy of several banks is to capture assets owned by Asia’s emerging entrepreneurial class, many of which are more focused on growing their businesses than managing their money. Banks are doing this by leveraging their commercial and investment banking relationships with clients into wealth management relationships, and are working to create stronger ties between divisions. By placing investment banking and private banking in the same division, Credit Suisse is sending a clear message to business owners that they can help them manage their personal wealth as well as the growth of their businesses. Ultra-high-net-worth entrepreneurs have been singled out for attention with a new unit led by Vikram Malhotra, the former head of investment banking in Asia. UBS is opening an office later this month in Kowloon, across Victoria Harbor from Hong Kong’s central business district, specifically to be closer to busy entrepreneurs in Hong Kong and southern China. One firm headquartered outside of Asia that’s not angling for the super rich, although they certainly are clients, is Bank of New York Mellon Wealth Management, a U.S. based firm. BNY Mellon’s Asia assets have grown by about 25% since it opened a wealth management division in Hong Kong in October 2014. That growth comes despite the fact BNY Mellon only offers discretionary management, meaning the bank works with each customer to devise investment and wealth planning strategies that BNY Mellon executes. This isn’t the bank to go to if you want to trade stocks. “We sit down client by client and really understand what their wealth needs are and tailor something to those needs,” says Charles Long, head of greater China for the bank. BNY Mellon offers the same services to all clients who meet their minimum threshold of $3 million. “You might end up building something different for a $3 million client than a $300 million client, but the approach is not to segment the market that way,” Long says. Like many banks, BNY Mellon scales its fees, which are a percentage of assets under management. That percentage becomes lower for larger portfolios. At Singapore-based DBS Private Bank, if you have less than SGD10 million (US$7.5 million) in a discretionary portfolio, you pay a management fee of 1.25% of the daily net asset value of your assets. If you have more than SGD10 million, the percentage will likely be lower, depending on how complex your portfolio is. There are plenty of wealthy clients to serve in Asia. In a report last year, the Boston Consulting Group said the wealth of those with more than $100 million will grow by 18.7% from 2014 to 2019 to $4.9 trillion, while the wealth of those with $20 million to $100 million will grow by 11.3% to $5.5 trillion. Whoever can best serve this burgeoning market should have plenty to do, if they can do it right. Comments? E-mail us at abby.schultz@barrons.com Comments? E-mail us at asia.editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Penta Asia 1. BNY Mellon Plays the Long Game in Asia 2. Credit Suisse’s Focus Is Asia’s Entrepreneurs 3. Art Basel: Chinese Show the Color of Their Money 4. Cartier Watches Are Top Choice for China’s Wealthy 5. Buy-to-Lease Art Can Add Diversification and Income Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple: Buy the Dip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Time to Buy European Bank Stocks 2 Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon 3 Under Armour Can't Rely On Sneakers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.327%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.56 -0.54%   Euro ▲ 1.0884 -0.02%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Puerto Rico Enters Bankruptcy Fed Sees Growth Rebounding, Stays on Track for Rate Rises As Some Asian Stocks Pull Back, Korea at Record High HSBC Profit Beats Expectations Deal to Prop Up Malaysia’s 1MDB Falls Apart Banks Pull Back on Car Loans as Used-Auto Prices Plummet Wall Street Pushes Back on Mnuchin’s Idea of Ultralong Debt SEC Probes Solar Companies Over Customer Cancellations Obama’s Legacy: A Retirement Rule That Is Tough to Kill Apple Plans $1 Billion Advanced Manufacturing Fund Heard on the Street Facebook’s Social Climbing Has Its Price Ahead of the Tape Shake Shack’s Fat Valuation Isn’t Healthy Drug Pricing Gets Worse, a Raid by the Feds Doesn’t Help Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Stocks Europe Markets J.P. Morgan to Shift Up to 1,000 Jobs Out of London Ahead of Brexit U.S. bank plans to bolster operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt By Max Colchester and Max Colchester The Wall Street Journal BiographyMax Colchester @MaximColch Max.Colchester@wsj.com Emily Glazer Emily Glazer The Wall Street Journal BiographyEmily Glazer @EmilyGlazerWSJ Google+ Emily.Glazer@wsj.com May 3, 2017 10:01 a.m. ET J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. will move between 500 to 1,000 jobs out of London as the bank begins to implement its post-Brexit plans, according to people familiar with the matter. The U.S. bank is planning to bulk up operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt to service clients in the European Union after the U.K. quits the trading bloc. The job moves wouldn’t necessarily go just to those three cities but could be spread across a... To Read the Full Story Subscribe Sign In Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.327%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.57 -0.52%   Euro ▲ 1.0883 -0.03%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Puerto Rico Enters Bankruptcy Fed Sees Growth Rebounding, Stays on Track for Rate Rises As Some Asian Stocks Pull Back, Korea at Record High HSBC Profit Beats Expectations Deal to Prop Up Malaysia’s 1MDB Falls Apart Banks Pull Back on Car Loans as Used-Auto Prices Plummet Wall Street Pushes Back on Mnuchin’s Idea of Ultralong Debt SEC Probes Solar Companies Over Customer Cancellations Obama’s Legacy: A Retirement Rule That Is Tough to Kill Apple Plans $1 Billion Advanced Manufacturing Fund Heard on the Street Facebook’s Social Climbing Has Its Price Ahead of the Tape Shake Shack’s Fat Valuation Isn’t Healthy Drug Pricing Gets Worse, a Raid by the Feds Doesn’t Help Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Stocks Europe Markets J.P. Morgan to Shift Up to 1,000 Jobs Out of London Ahead of Brexit U.S. bank plans to bolster operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt By Max Colchester and Max Colchester The Wall Street Journal BiographyMax Colchester @MaximColch Max.Colchester@wsj.com Emily Glazer Emily Glazer The Wall Street Journal BiographyEmily Glazer @EmilyGlazerWSJ Google+ Emily.Glazer@wsj.com May 3, 2017 10:01 a.m. ET J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. will move between 500 to 1,000 jobs out of London as the bank begins to implement its post-Brexit plans, according to people familiar with the matter. The U.S. bank is planning to bulk up operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt to service clients in the European Union after the U.K. quits the trading bloc. The job moves wouldn’t necessarily go just to those three cities but could be spread across a... To Read the Full Story Subscribe Sign In Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 389.37 -0.04%   Nikkei ▲ 19445.70 0.70%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -2/32 yield 2.327%   Crude Oil ▲ 47.55 -0.56%   Euro ▲ 1.0883 -0.03%   DJIA ▲ 20957.90 0.04%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Puerto Rico Enters Bankruptcy Fed Sees Growth Rebounding, Stays on Track for Rate Rises As Some Asian Stocks Pull Back, Korea at Record High HSBC Profit Beats Expectations Deal to Prop Up Malaysia’s 1MDB Falls Apart Banks Pull Back on Car Loans as Used-Auto Prices Plummet Wall Street Pushes Back on Mnuchin’s Idea of Ultralong Debt SEC Probes Solar Companies Over Customer Cancellations Obama’s Legacy: A Retirement Rule That Is Tough to Kill Apple Plans $1 Billion Advanced Manufacturing Fund Heard on the Street Facebook’s Social Climbing Has Its Price Ahead of the Tape Shake Shack’s Fat Valuation Isn’t Healthy Drug Pricing Gets Worse, a Raid by the Feds Doesn’t Help Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Stocks Europe Markets J.P. Morgan to Shift Up to 1,000 Jobs Out of London Ahead of Brexit U.S. bank plans to bolster operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt By Max Colchester and Max Colchester The Wall Street Journal BiographyMax Colchester @MaximColch Max.Colchester@wsj.com Emily Glazer Emily Glazer The Wall Street Journal BiographyEmily Glazer @EmilyGlazerWSJ Google+ Emily.Glazer@wsj.com May 3, 2017 10:01 a.m. ET J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. will move between 500 to 1,000 jobs out of London as the bank begins to implement its post-Brexit plans, according to people familiar with the matter. The U.S. bank is planning to bulk up operations in Dublin, Luxembourg and Frankfurt to service clients in the European Union after the U.K. quits the trading bloc. The job moves wouldn’t necessarily go just to those three cities but could be spread across a... To Read the Full Story Subscribe Sign In Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Comey Defends Action on Clinton Emails, but Says He's 'Mildly Nauseous' The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing Leading Your Organization With the Diamond Process Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer Most Popular Articles North Korea Says Latest Detained American Tried to Overthrow Government Track and Field Officials Propose Erasing Half of World Records Opinion: Climate Editors Have a Meltdown GOP’s Health-Bill Woes Signal Ascent of Centrist Wing Fidget Spinners Are Driving Teachers Bananas and...Sorry, I Got Distracted Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices JP Morgan confirms plan to move hundreds of jobs out of London because of Brexit Evening Standard Patrick Grafton-Green 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Missing link to Jurassic Park dinosaurs found 'No cause for alarm' about welfare of Queen and Philip after meeting called Banking giant JP Morgan has confirmed hundreds of jobs out of London because of Brexit. Daniel Pinto, head of JP Morgan's corporate and investment bank, has revealed a "substantial portion of the business" in the capital will be moved in a bid to secure the banking giant’s EU business. In a significant blow to the capital's financial services industry, the jobs are set to be relocated from Canary Wharf to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Mr Pinto told Bloomberg. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers," Mr Pinto said. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” A spokesman for JP Morgan confirmed the plans to the Standard. © Provided by Independent Print Limited JPMorgan.jpg JP Morgan Chase is planning to relocate jobs from London (Mike Segar/Reuters) The potential loss of membership of the EU's Single Market, is a serious worry for some of the City's biggest employers, prompting warnings about the impact of Brexit from key figures including Mayor Sadiq Khan. JP Morgan's relocation drive is expected to take place by spring 2019, when the two-year window for Brexit negotiations draws to a close. Chief executive Jamie Dimon previously warned in the run-up to the EU referendum that up to 4,000 roles would be at risk in the event of a vote to leave. The news comes as the outgoing policy chief of the City of London today urged Boris Johnson and other senior Brexiteers to be more realistic about the downsides of leaving the EU. Mark Boleat said Leavers were “denying” that quitting the bloc would be bad for the City. © Provided by Independent Print Limited image Read more Major banks prepare to shift operations away from London after Brexit Other major City employers have also begun to outline their Brexit plans after Mrs May triggered Article 50, the formal mechanism for quitting the EU, in March. Goldman Sachs’ Europe chief executive, Richard Gnodde, said last month that the bank will relocate hundreds of staff out of London before any Brexit deal is struck, adding it had already begun implementing those plans. Last week Deutsche Bank said that up to 4,000 jobs from its UK workforce of 9,000 could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU. Meanwhile Standard Chartered has also reportedly confirmed it has contacted German regulators about plans to set up a Frankfurt subsidiary. © Provided by Independent Print Limited © Provided by Independent Print Limited Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Evening Standard David Sexton's alternative Oscars Evening Standard Duncan James says Tara Palmer-Tomkinson is safe from her ‘demons’ Evening Standard Jimmy Garcia goes back to his roots with south London wine dinners Evening Standard Evening Standard More from Evening Standard Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
On Air: 7-9am weekdays Newstalk Breakfast Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS Hundreds of JPMorgan Chase staff bound for Dublin The capital city figuring big in the bank's post-Brexit plans... Business & Tech 14:09 3 May 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 17 hours ago After missing out on several opportunities to become the post-Brexit EU base for major financial institutions of late, today brings the strongest indication yet that Dublin figures big in JPMorgan Chase's plans. The US banking behemoth has confirmed that hundreds of its London staff will be moved to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg due to the UK's decision to leave the bloc.  Daniel Pinto, CEO of JPMorgan's corporate and investment banking arm, said in an interview in Saudi Arabia yesterday: "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." JPMorgan Chase is thought to be negotiating the purchase of a building at 200 Capital Dock, which is being developed by Kennedy Wilson Holdings and the National Asset Management Agency. The 130,000 square feet office space would offer enough room for over 1,000 employees. In a statement, the US bank said: “Other options are still very much on the table. We want to see how negotiations progress. No final decisions have been made.” JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon had suggested before the Brexit referendum last June that up to 4,000 UK staff could be relocated. He added in January that the number could be north or south of that depending on the result of Brexit negotiations. Pinto continued: "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients. "We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there." The bright side of Brexit In terms of other potential Irish opportunities, Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays are both thought to be weighing up a move to these shores. Last week, it was reported that Bank of America Merrill Lynch is looking for more office space in Dublin that could accommodate hundreds of additional staff. According to Irish Times sources, the Wall Street giant is among the most advanced global banks in terms of considering expansion in the capital as it braces itself for the impact of Brexit. This newly-reported expansion would be in addition to plans, first reported by the newspaper in February, to increase its Irish workforce by 17% to over 700 people. Government officials were briefed on its plans, though the bank itself has declined to comment It is currently developing its global technology and operations hub in Leopardstown and also has offices on Hatch Street in the city centre. 14:09 3 May 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 17 hours ago 4 Related articles JPMorgan Chase in talks for major Dublin expansion Morgan Stanley is Dublin's latest banking suitor JPMorgan fined €890 million over 'London Whale' loss Bank of America's Dublin ambitions get even bigger news cards WIN: Your M50 tolls for an entire year every day this week on Newstalk most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography EXCLUSIVE: Sport Ireland facilitating talks with a view to recognise MMA Gianluigi Buffon: I want people to be "sad" when I retire Higuain and Alves combination helps Juventus win in Monaco site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Newstalk Breakfast × Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Joshua v Klitschko Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: News London JP Morgan confirms plan to move hundreds of jobs out of London because of Brexit Patrick Grafton-Green Wednesday 3 May 2017 14:30 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard JP Morgan has confirmed it will move hundreds of jobs out of London's Canary Wharf due to Brexit Jeremy Selwyn Banking giant JP Morgan has confirmed hundreds of jobs will be moved out of London because of Brexit. Daniel Pinto, head of JP Morgan's corporate and investment bank, has revealed a "substantial portion of the business" in the capital will be moved in a bid to secure the banking giant’s EU business. In a significant blow to the capital's financial services industry, the jobs are set to be relocated from Canary Wharf to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Mr Pinto told Bloomberg. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers," Mr Pinto said. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” A spokesman for JP Morgan confirmed the plans to the Standard. JP Morgan Chase is planning to relocate jobs from London (Mike Segar/Reuters) The potential loss of membership of the EU's Single Market, is a serious worry for some of the City's biggest employers, prompting warnings about the impact of Brexit from key figures including Mayor Sadiq Khan. JP Morgan's relocation drive is expected to take place by spring 2019, when the two-year window for Brexit negotiations draws to a close. Chief executive Jamie Dimon previously warned in the run-up to the EU referendum that up to 4,000 roles would be at risk in the event of a vote to leave. The news comes as the outgoing policy chief of the City of London today urged Boris Johnson and other senior Brexiteers to be more realistic about the downsides of leaving the EU. Mark Boleat said Leavers were “denying” that quitting the bloc would be bad for the City. Read more Major banks prepare to shift operations away from London after Brexit Other major City employers have also begun to outline their Brexit plans after Mrs May triggered Article 50, the formal mechanism for quitting the EU, in March. Goldman Sachs’ Europe chief executive, Richard Gnodde, said last month that the bank will relocate hundreds of staff out of London before any Brexit deal is struck, adding it had already begun implementing those plans. Last week Deutsche Bank said that up to 4,000 jobs from its UK workforce of 9,000 could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU. Meanwhile Standard Chartered has also reportedly confirmed it has contacted German regulators about plans to set up a Frankfurt subsidiary. More about: JP Morgan Brexit Reuse content Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GoPro Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GoPro Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CubeSmart (CUBE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) to Strong Sell Canaccord Genuity Increases Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Price Target to GBX 340 Chubb Ltd (CB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) PT Raised to $80.00 at Barclays PLC Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock GoPro (GPRO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) have been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. AlphaOne, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. GoPro earned a daily sentiment score of 0.22 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media headlines about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s analysis: Shares in GoPro Inc (GPRO) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. (campdesrecrues.com) ETFs with exposure to GoPro, Inc. : May 2, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.26 Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give GoPro Inc (GPRO) a $12.00 Price Target (americanbankingnews.com) Several equities analysts recently commented on GPRO shares. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a “” rating on shares of GoPro in a report on Monday, February 6th. Johnson Rice reissued a “buy” rating on shares of GoPro in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $12.00 target price on GoPro and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Vetr lowered GoPro from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.55 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised GoPro from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.50 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.25. Shares of GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) opened at 8.68 on Wednesday. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.24 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $8.58 and its 200-day moving average is $9.65. GoPro has a 52-week low of $7.14 and a 52-week high of $17.68. GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported ($0.53) earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.54) by $0.01. GoPro had a negative net margin of 35.35% and a negative return on equity of 44.14%. The company earned $218.61 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $206.23 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.63) EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that GoPro will post ($0.15) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, Director Anthony John Bates sold 41,077 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.19, for a total transaction of $336,420.63. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 208,617 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,708,573.23. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Sharon S. Zezima sold 6,297 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.16, for a total transaction of $57,680.52. Following the sale, the general counsel now directly owns 70,662 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $647,263.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 84,668 shares of company stock valued at $738,432. Company insiders own 28.69% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/gopro-gpro-receiving-somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-report-shows.html. About GoPro GoPro, Inc (GoPro) produces cameras and mountable and wearable accessories. The Company’s product offerings include HERO5, which is a line of cloud-connected cameras featuring image stabilization, telemetry, cloud connectivity and voice control; GoPro Plus, which is a cloud-based storage solution that enables subscribers to access, edit and share content; Quik, which is a mobile editing application that creates edits on a smartphone; Capture, which is a mobile application that allows users to preview and play back shots, control their GoPro cameras and share content on the fly using their smartphones; Karma, which is its compact and foldable drone and versatile stabilization solution that includes the Karma controller, and camera stabilizer, and it all fits in a custom backpack, and Karma Grip, which is a handheld, body-mountable camera stabilizer. Receive News & Ratings for GoPro Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GoPro Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business JP Morgan may move hundreds of jobs in pre-Brexit move 3 May 2017 From the section Business comments These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39789915 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Related Topics Brexit Image copyright AFP US bank JP Morgan could move up to 1,000 jobs out of London ahead of the UK's exit from the European Union. A senior executive at the Wall Street giant, Daniel Pinto, said that "hundreds" of staff may move to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. However, it is understood that the number of people who would be relocated involves between 500 and 1,000 jobs. Earlier, Standard Chartered bank said it was in talks with German regulators about making Frankfurt its Europe base. However, Standard said the impact on UK staff would be "minimal". Several global banks have announced in recent weeks that they will move some jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for when the UK leaves the EU. Speaking to Bloomberg News, Mr Pinto, head of investment banking at JP Morgan, said: "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." Simon Jack: Bank exodus? Deutsche Bank warns of Brexit risk to UK jobs JP Morgan's main offices in continental Europe are in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, but it also has operations in Paris, Milan, Madrid and Stockholm. JP Morgan is widely reported to be in talks to buy a Dublin office big enough to hold more than 1,000 workers. Financial services shift Since the Brexit referendum last year, European cities have lined up to try and woo financial services companies to move operations there to continue serving European clients. Standard Chartered chairman Jose Vinals said on Wednesday: "We are looking at setting up a subsidiary in the EU to ensure we are prepared. "The choice of Frankfurt is very natural as we have a branch there and we do euro clearing there." However, a spokeswoman for the bank, which only has a small amount of business in Europe, said the impact on UK staff would be "minimal". Other financial services companies have announced plans to move workers out of London in case the UK fails to secure "passporting" rights for them to operate across EU borders after Brexit. Deutsche Bank said last week it could move up to 4,000 jobs out of the UK as a result of Brexit - nearly half its UK workforce. Barclays told the BBC the bank was preparing to add hundreds of staff to offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Milan to counter Brexit risks to its European business. Contingency plans Goldman Sachs has confirmed it will move jobs away from London and bulk up its European presence by "hundreds of people" before a Brexit deal is struck. Insurers Lloyd's of London and Royal London are also setting up subsidiaries outside the UK. JP Morgan's Mr Pinto told Bloomberg: "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients. "We'll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there." He was speaking on the sidelines of a conference in Saudi Arabia. A JP Morgan spokesman confirmed Mr Pinto's remarks, but did not elaborate on the story. A report commissioned by the City UK industry group warned in October that as many as 75,000 financial services jobs could be lost from London if operations into the EU are severely disrupted after Brexit. View comments Related Topics Standard Chartered Banking JP Morgan Brexit Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Deutsche Bank: Brexit risk to up to 4,000 UK jobs 27 April 2017 City banks warn of Brexit job moves 18 January 2017 Bank exodus? 19 January 2017 Top Stories Macron wins over French debate audience Emmanuel Macron had the best of a quarrelsome debate with Marine Le Pen, a viewers' poll says. 4 May 2017 Voters head for local election polls 4 May 2017 US set for vital vote on Obamacare repeal 4 May 2017 Features Lesbian couple tell of three-week ordeal The midwife who saved intersex babies Video Rent me: Stranger for hire Can't find the right handbag? Just design it yourself Gunfire audio opens new front in crime-fighting The Muslim-led backlash against hijab fashion Photographer captured moment of her death Why 14 black male Cambridge students posed for this photo The village in Madeleine's shadow News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 264/9 (102) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London due to Brexit Shares1 Wed, 3 May 2017-06:26pm , PTI The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase and Company says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News yesterday some will move "in the short term to be ready for day one." More may follow. Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as "passporting." But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Markets on a roll: Sensex soars 189 points on reforms, earnings boost Money Global gold demand drops 18% to 1,034 tonne in Q1 2017: WGC Money Rupee opens lower by 9 paise against dollar Money India pitches for FDI in food processing industry Money Honda outpaces Bajaj Auto to become 2nd-largest bike maker in April Money V-Mart Q4 net profit at Rs 5 crore Live Cricket Score Live WI 264/9 (102), 312/10 (98.5) WI lead by 183 runs PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related HSBC wins mandate for $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Asian stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election Stocks slide, treasuries and yen up on geopolitical tensions Video WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! View all Tags European Union Jamie Dimon Bloomberg News Dublin Frankfurt JPMorgan Chase London Luxembourg UK Britain Daniel Pinto SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Algerians vote for new parliament in ballot marked by apathy Bilkis rape case: HC upholds life imprisonment to 12 convicts Maharashtra: One policeman dead, 12 injured in landmine blast by Naxals JICA drainage & sewerage projects in Cuttack to end in Sep'18 Meerut: Abused woman files FIR, demands triple talaq from husband Sport FEATURE-Olympics-Vertically challenged NZ looks to newer snow sports Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Manzano makes CSL return as Guizhou manager Entertainment Ranbir Kapoor gets INSPIRED by Ranveer Singh's one night stand, here's how May the fourth be with you | Star Wars Celebration: Fan or not, it's highly recommended Can movie ticket prices be capped in Maharashtra? Mukesh Bhatt opens up! May the fourth be with you: The pet-peeves of a 'Star Wars' fan Why is Sanjay Dutt ANXIOUS about his biopic starring Ranbir Kapoor? Money Second review of Philippine mines to go ahead - finance official Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts Merck shares climb over 6% on strong Q4 show Cognizant offers six-nine months' salary to senior execs as exit option to cut wage bills Adani signs steel supply deal with Aus group Arrium Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Baidu Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Langen Mcalenn Weighs in on Arthur J Gallagher & Co’s Q4 2017 Earnings (AJG) Qumu Corp (QUMU) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Denny's Co. (DENN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Qumu Corp (QUMU) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Telenav Inc (TNAV) Updates Q4 Earnings Guidance Keith J. Henderson Acquires 100,000 Shares of Desert Star Resources Ltd (DSR) Stock Capital Senior Living Co. (CSU) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS MRC Global (MRC) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.46 Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Spanish Broadcasting System (SBSA) Stock Price First Merchants Co. (FRME) Plans Dividend Increase – $0.18 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Will Post Earnings of $0.24 Per Share Analysts Expect Summit Materials Inc (SUM) to Post -$0.48 Earnings Per Share Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for Nokia Oyj Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (NOK) Scotiabank Analysts Give Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) a C$1.20 Price Target Seaport Global Securities Comments on Kennametal Inc.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (KMT) Genworth MI Canada Inc (MIC) Given a C$37.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Colliers International Group Inc (CIGI) PT Raised to $59.00 Cummins’ (CMI) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Brokerages Anticipate Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) to Post $0.35 EPS Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Announces $0.48 Quarterly Dividend Baidu Inc (BIDU) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU) in a research note released on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a $190.00 price objective on the information services provider’s stock. BIDU has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Vetr lowered shares of Baidu from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $198.31 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Bank of America Corp reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Baidu in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Morgan Stanley began coverage on shares of Baidu in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. They set an equal weight rating and a $185.00 price objective on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued an outperform rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of Baidu in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reissued a hold rating and set a $181.00 price objective (down previously from $194.00) on shares of Baidu in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. Baidu currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $187.87. Shares of Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) opened at 178.64 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $61.97 billion, a PE ratio of 39.57 and a beta of 1.90. Baidu has a 12 month low of $155.28 and a 12 month high of $201.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $175.21 and its 200-day moving average is $173.25. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/baidu-inc-bidu-earns-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Quantbot Technologies LP boosted its stake in shares of Baidu by 329.4% in the third quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP now owns 47,645 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $8,674,000 after buying an additional 36,550 shares in the last quarter. Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in Baidu during the third quarter worth $334,000. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT raised its position in Baidu by 23.3% in the third quarter. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT now owns 2,645 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $482,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Baidu by 26.5% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 721,117 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $131,294,000 after buying an additional 151,227 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nippon Life Insurance Co. raised its position in Baidu by 6.5% in the third quarter. Nippon Life Insurance Co. now owns 2,126 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $387,000 after buying an additional 129 shares during the last quarter. 62.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Baidu Company Profile Baidu, Inc is a Chinese language Internet search provider. The Company offers a Chinese language search platform on its Baidu.com Website that enables users to find information online, including Webpages, news, images, documents and multimedia files, through links provided on its Website. In addition to serving individual Internet search users, the Company provides a platform for businesses to reach customers. Receive News & Ratings for Baidu Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, May 04, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Business JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London due to Brexit Jobs going to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 3, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print LONDON — The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase & Co. says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News on Tuesday some will move “in the short term to be ready for day one.” More may follow. Some international banks have used the U.K. as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as “passporting.” But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. Related Items Jamie Dimon , JPMorgan Chase & Co , European Union , dublin , ireland , Western Europe , Europe , united kingdom , london , england , Luxembourg Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News West Corp (WSTC) Insider Sells $82,825.51 in Stock OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 4th Seres Therapeutics (MCRB) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Klondex Mines (KLDX) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Pentair plc. Ordinary Share to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.49 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PNR) Deutsche Bank AG Raises Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Price Target to $77.00 KLR Group Boosts QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Price Target to $23.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Canon Inc (CAJ) to Hold Brokerages Set $48.00 Target Price for KB Financial Group, Inc. (KB) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Microsoft Co. Increased by Jefferies Group (MSFT) Deutsche Bank AG Trims FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Target Price to $38.00 Radian Group Inc (RDN) PT Lowered to $21.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $32.24 Million Deutsche Bank AG Boosts L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Price Target to $190.00 Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.704 Million Position in General Motors Company (GM) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by David R. Rahn & Associates Inc. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Holds Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 148,146 Shares of EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Allstate Corp (ALL) Position Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (SUPN) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capstone Asset Management Co. decreased its stake in Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:SUPN) by 6.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 21,530 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 1,510 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co.’s holdings in Supernus Pharmaceuticals were worth $674,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of SUPN. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals by 5.9% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 945,357 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $23,379,000 after buying an additional 52,806 shares during the last quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. acquired a new position in shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth about $241,000. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL boosted its position in shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals by 395.7% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 57,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,410,000 after buying an additional 45,500 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals by 31,047.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,475 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $654,000 after buying an additional 26,390 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals by 68.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 34,951 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $864,000 after buying an additional 14,223 shares in the last quarter. 94.94% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:SUPN) opened at 33.25 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $30.95 and its 200-day moving average is $25.80. The firm has a market cap of $1.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.94 and a beta of 1.89. Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc has a 1-year low of $14.14 and a 1-year high of $34.05. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/supernus-pharmaceuticals-inc-supn-shares-sold-by-capstone-asset-management-co.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on SUPN shares. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $31.00 target price on shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals in a report on Friday, April 7th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals from $30.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 target price on shares of Supernus Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Supernus Pharmaceuticals presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $28.83. In other Supernus Pharmaceuticals news, CFO Gregory S. Patrick sold 54,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.37, for a total value of $1,747,980.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 54,221 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,755,133.77. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, VP Padmanabh P. Bhatt sold 11,806 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.59, for a total transaction of $384,757.54. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 45,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,482,845. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 6.10% of the company’s stock. About Supernus Pharmaceuticals Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system diseases. The Company offers Oxtellar XR (extended-release oxcarbazepine) and Trokendi XR (extended-release topiramate), its two treatments for patients with epilepsy. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SUPN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:SUPN). Receive News & Ratings for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 66° Full Menu 66° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 03, 2017 6:20 AM JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London due to Brexit The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LONDON The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase & Co. says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News on Tuesday some will move "in the short term to be ready for day one." More may follow. Some international banks have used the U.K. as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as "passporting." But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:47 4 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.4 1:07 5 hours ago Rally held in Conway for unsolved murder of Amber Berbiglia View More Video National Business The Latest: Democrats predict backlash for GOP Dallas suburb faces racial backlash after shooting Gov. Cuomo touts $1.1 billion in new education funding Trump to sign order on political limits for churches Google warns of email scam that impersonates Google Docs National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Silicom Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silicom Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest AppFolio Inc (APPF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Given a $38.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts TheStreet Upgrades Phillips 66 (PSX) to B- Nortel Inversora SA (NTL) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $698,000 Stake in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Cut by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,223,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Stake Raised by Carl Domino Inc Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Has $442,000 Stake in Owens Corning (OC) Carl Domino Inc Has $192,000 Position in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) 14,000 Shares in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Acquired by Carl Domino Inc Carl Domino Inc Holds Stake in Microvision, Inc. (MVIS) Silicom Ltd (SILC) Stake Increased by State Street Corp May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC) by 2.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 73,088 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 1,510 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Silicom were worth $3,001,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Susquehanna International Group LLP bought a new position in shares of Silicom during the third quarter valued at $224,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Silicom during the fourth quarter valued at $462,000. G2 Investment Partners Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Silicom during the third quarter valued at $1,623,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Silicom by 23,951.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 62,533 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,589,000 after buying an additional 62,273 shares during the last quarter. 24.95% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC) opened at 53.67 on Wednesday. Silicom Ltd has a 12 month low of $25.48 and a 12 month high of $54.85. The company has a market capitalization of $396.14 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.93 and a beta of 1.28. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $46.60 and a 200 day moving average of $40.60. Silicom (NASDAQ:SILC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.13. The company earned $25.34 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.92 million. Silicom had a return on equity of 11.46% and a net margin of 13.09%. Silicom’s quarterly revenue was up 18.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.41 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Silicom Ltd will post $2.54 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared an annual dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Monday, March 27th were issued a $1.00 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.58%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 23rd. Silicom’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.50%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/silicom-ltd-silc-stake-increased-by-state-street-corp.html. Separately, Needham & Company LLC increased their price objective on shares of Silicom from $56.00 to $60.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Silicom Company Profile Silicom Ltd. (Silicom) is engaged in the design, manufacture, marketing and support of networking and data infrastructure solutions for a range of servers, server-based systems and communications devices. The Company’s products include server network interface cards with and without bypass (Server Adapters); Intelligent and programmable cards, with features, such as encryption, acceleration, data compression, redirection, time stamping, network capture solutions, field programmable gate array (FPGA) based ultra-low latency solutions, and/or other offload features and/or compute blades (Smart Cards), and standalone Products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SILC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC). Receive News & Ratings for Silicom Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silicom Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mastercard Inc (MA) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Traders Sell Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) on Strength After Insider Selling AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Brady Corp (BRC) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Diodes (DIOD) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Enterprise Bancorp (EBTC) Share Price Danaher (DHR) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.17 Scott Robert Phillips Sells 22,135 Shares of WEX Inc (WEX) Stock Discover Financial Services (DFS) CEO Sells $1,865,400.00 in Stock Tiger Global Management Llc Acquires 295,500 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock TransUnion (TRU) Insider James M. Peck Sells 65,000 Shares Insider Selling: Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) VP Francis Carchedi Sells 5,500 Shares Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Issues Earnings Results DHI Group Inc (DHX) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Life Storage Inc (LSI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Continues to Hold Position in T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Continues to Hold Position in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Maintains Stake in Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 16,174 Shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NYSE:NSM) by 11.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 161,293 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 16,174 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP’s holdings in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings were worth $2,913,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $134,000. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 44.5% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 12,012 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $178,000 after buying an additional 3,700 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 81.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 21,545 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $320,000 after buying an additional 9,650 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 3.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 30,271 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $448,000 after buying an additional 1,045 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 8.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 167,087 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,475,000 after buying an additional 13,218 shares during the last quarter. Shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NYSE:NSM) opened at 16.21 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $1.54 billion, a PE ratio of 85.32 and a beta of 0.90. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $10.19 and a 52 week high of $19.83. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $16.06 and a 200-day moving average of $17.12. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings (NYSE:NSM) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.07. The company earned $789 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $369.92 million. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings had a positive return on equity of 10.50% and a negative net margin of 5.80%. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings’s quarterly revenue was up 34.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.32 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc will post $1.28 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-acquires-16174-shares-of-nationstar-mortgage-holdings-inc-nsm.html. Several brokerages recently commented on NSM. Barclays PLC cut shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $15.00 target price for the company. in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Compass Point upgraded shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Piper Jaffray Companies reduced their target price on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings from $15.00 to $14.50 and set an “underweight” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Wedbush began coverage on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings in a report on Monday, March 27th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $19.00 target price for the company. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 target price on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings in a report on Monday, April 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $17.68. In related news, Director Michael D. Malone purchased 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $15.95 per share, with a total value of $478,500.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 66,059 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,053,641.05. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 67.20% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc provides servicing, origination and transaction based services principally to single-family residences throughout the United States. The Company operates through three segments: Servicing, Originations and Xome. The Company provides residential loan services in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NSM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NYSE:NSM). Receive News & Ratings for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JPMorgan to move jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt AND Luxembourg Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Sharing the love. Bloomberg News reports that JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the U.K. to lose easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Daniel Pinto said in an interview Tuesday in Riyadh, referring to the New York-based firm’s local entities. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no U.K.-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients," Pinto said. "We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there." Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit An Insider’s Guide to London, From the City’s Cult Cocktail Crew Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 4 Most Popular Bank Websites Three of the most popular banking-related websites might be easy to guess, but the fourth could come as a surprise. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 2, 2017 at 9:20PM Banking is changing. It used to be that people had to drive to a branch to deposit a check or transfer money between their accounts. Nowadays this can all be done online. Combine this with the onslaught of fintech companies edging themselves into the financial services sector with slickly designed apps, and it becomes immediately obvious that traditional banks need to master online and mobile banking to stay competitive. Image source: Getty Images. Some banks are better at this than others. USAA, for example, has long been recognized as one of the most innovative financial companies in the United States, rolling out remote deposit capture well ahead of most other banks. But if the measuring stick for determining success is website visits, then four companies prevail above the rest: JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC). These four companies have the 31st, 33rd, 37th, and 41st ranked websites in the United States, according to Alexa. Website Rank Among Top 50 Websites (by Views) Daily Time on Site Daily Page Views Per Visitor Chase 31 4:53 4.66 PayPal 33 4:07 4.23 Bank of America 37 5:35 6.08 Wells Fargo 41 5:27 4.86 Data source: Alexa. Quite frankly, none of these names should surprise you. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo are the three biggest banks in the country. Each has trillion of dollars' worth of assets, as well as millions of customers, a significant portion of whom prefer online and mobile banking. Bank of America has 34.5 million customers who use its digital channels. JPMorgan Chase has even more, at 45.5 million. While Wells Fargo comes in at 28.1 million. Meanwhile, PayPal has long been one of the leaders of digital payments. At one point it was even owned by eBay, until being spun off in the middle of 2015. Top 50 Sites in the United States 🇺🇸https://t.co/Mthx2nfhjA pic.twitter.com/uMvE2tWmnm — Chris Gledhill (@cgledhill) April 30, 2017 The appeal of digital banking goes beyond the need to give customers a good experience. It's also important because it drives down expenses, which goes a long way toward explaining why big banks disclose how many customers actively use their digital channels in the first place. Generally speaking, it costs roughly a tenth as much to service a customer over a mobile banking app or online compared to in a teller-assisted transaction in a branch. The net result is that the better these banks make their apps and websites, the better they'll be able to compete in the future. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends eBay and PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 2, 2017 at 9:20PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.77 up $0.24 (1.02%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 up $0.50 (0.58%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $54.85 up $0.69 (1.27%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $49.02 down $0.03 (-0.06%) Read More A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report JPMorgan Chase Reports Strong 1Q Earnings How Satisfied Are Bank of America’s Customers? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 4 Most Popular Bank Websites @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC, $PYPL
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit by Matthew Martin @mideastmatthew More stories by Matthew Martin and Gavin Finch @GavinFinchBBG More stories by Gavin Finch May 2, 2017, 11:00 PM EDT May 3, 2017, 10:40 AM EDT Pinto says bankers moving to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg Bank is also planning to add staff in Middle East: Pinto What Brexit Means for U.K. Banks Follow @Brexit for all the latest news, and sign up to our daily Brexit Bulletin newsletter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to preserve easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto said in an interview Tuesday in Riyadh, referring to the New York-based firm’s local entities. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers.” Daniel Pinto, right, in Riyadh, May 2. Photographer: Fayez Nureldine/AFP via Getty Images Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after British Prime Minister Theresa May began the formal process for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before last year’s referendum, JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon told U.K. employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher -- or lower -- depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no U.K.-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients,” Pinto said. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” The firm’s EU investment banking operations will likely be based in Frankfurt, while custody will be located in Dublin and treasury services will be handled in Luxembourg, a person familiar with the bank’s plans said. JPMorgan will initially move between 500 and 1,000 staff to the three cities and others in the region, the person said. EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier on Wednesday ruled out any immediate negotiations on transitional arrangements for the U.K.’s withdrawal from the bloc, the central demand of London-based finance firms. Any discussions on the future trading relationship between the two sides probably won’t start until the end of the year at the earliest, Barnier told reporters in Brussels. Office Scouting JPMorgan is the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Deutsche Bank AG said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London, Barclays Plc said it will activate its contingency plan within six months, and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. Frankfurt and Dublin are the favored destinations. Standard Chartered Plc announced Wednesday that it had picked Germany’s financial hub for its new EU base while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing a similar decision and Barclays is considering the Irish capital. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group Inc. saying on March 8 that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000 square feet (4,645 square meters) to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand, depending on what deal May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. Middle East The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Separately, Pinto also said he was bullish on the Middle East and North Africa, where the bank plans to add to its 200 staff and build its businesses in payment processing, asset custody services and investment banking. Pinto was speaking on the sidelines of Euromoney’s conference in Saudi Arabia, which has embarked on an unprecedented series of reforms as it looks to diversify the economy from oil. “Our business in this region will grow along with this reform process, and I’m bullish on emerging markets in general,” said Pinto, who was one of the conference’s keynote speakers. “We are well positioned in this region, Asia and Latin America. Where there is a combination of faster growth and underdeveloped financial markets, we can be a big part of that process.” JPMorgan was among banks hired by the Saudi government for a $9 billion international Islamic bond sale and also worked on the kingdom’s debut sovereign debt issue in October, which raised $17.5 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next The Brexit Banker Exodus Gains Momentum London Stock Exchange Attacks EU Grab for Clearing Post-Brexit Goldman Sachs Will Start Moving U.K. Staff on Brexit in 2018 Brexit Bulletin: Banks Issue New Warnings Over London The Brexit Checklist: Where the U.K. and EU Currently Stand Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for SBA Communications Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBAC) Zacks Investment Research Comments on Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBPH) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Shares Up 12.9% Following Strong Earnings New York Times Co (NYT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Mosaic Co (MOS) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Benchmark Co. Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Mantech International Corp (MANT) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Solar Capital (SLRC) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) has been trending positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Solar Capital earned a coverage optimism score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 40 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Solar Capital Ltd. Announces Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Financial Results; Declares Quarterly Distribution of $0.40 per Share for Q2, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Solar Capital misses 1Q profit forecasts (marketbeat.com) Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Downgraded to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (americanbankingnews.com) Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday (americanbankingnews.com) Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Solar Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday. National Securities upped their target price on shares of Solar Capital from $22.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered shares of Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Compass Point assumed coverage on shares of Solar Capital in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $22.40 target price on the stock. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.34. Shares of Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded up 0.18% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $22.58. 121,236 shares of the stock were exchanged. Solar Capital has a 52 week low of $17.63 and a 52 week high of $22.94. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $22.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.41. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.42. Solar Capital had a net margin of 50.98% and a return on equity of 7.83%. The firm had revenue of $36.64 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $36.74 million. Equities research analysts anticipate that Solar Capital will post $1.78 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd were issued a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 7.09%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, March 21st. Solar Capital’s payout ratio is 89.89%. In other Solar Capital news, insider Michael S. Gross bought 19,666 shares of Solar Capital stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $22.28 per share, with a total value of $438,158.48. Following the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 165,894 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,696,118.32. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 5.80% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/solar-capital-slrc-earning-favorable-news-coverage-study-shows.html. About Solar Capital Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics FIT FB Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Facebook (FB) dips despite Q1 earnings beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Profit From JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stock No Matter What No need for surgical entry into JPM. Go long with 90% certainty of profits! By Nicolas Chahine, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 2, 2017, 1:39 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Go Long Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Ahead of Earnings With Slimmed-Down Risk Boot Up Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock for Free Income Go Long Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on This Overdone Dip Recent Posts: Profit From the Chop in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Stock Go Long Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock With Confidence on This Dip Profit From JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stock No Matter What View All Posts Wall Street perceives JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) as a premier bank in its class, so there is no need to argue for its particular fundamentals. They are proven performers beyond reproach. Source: via Wikimedia The financial sector benefited from Trump’s election, as he promised (and is delivering) on unshackling them from red tape. So investors flocked into banks in anticipation of better P&Ls from lower expenses. Furthermore, the outlook of financials is also made rosier by the prospects of higher rates. The U.S. Federal Reserve is in the middle of a rate hike cycle and the perception is that banks will subsequently profit. Whether it’s true is almost immaterial, as perception is what drive stock prices. And that’s how I trade memes like the financial consensus at hand. I sell risk against proven support levels where buyers or sellers would step in, then I let time do the work. Case in point, on March 21 I shared a bullish JPM trade that yielded easy profits without the need to have a perfect entry or exit points. Sure having solid fundamentals matters, but using options eliminates the need to be surgical with my trade entries. Click to Enlarge I can’t tell you where JPM will close in the next few months, but I am confident that buyers will step in if JPM stock falls 20% or more. So the trick is to find likely support levels and using time I can find trades with 90% certainty of success. The Trade: Sell JPM Sept $72.50 naked put and collect 70 cents per contract. This is a bullish trade that comes with 95% certainty that the premium will expire worthless in my favor. I chose $72.5 because that would even account for half of the potential weak hands who chased the rally in November 2016. But if I am not willing to own JP Morgan Chase shares at $72.50 then I would change this trade to be a credit put spread instead. The Alternate: Sell the JPM Sept $75/$72.50 credit put spread. This trade has a slightly smaller price buffer, but still yields 9% on money risked. The beauty of selling downside risk is that I don’t need JPM to rally. I profit as long as price stays above my sold risk. Email sellspreads@gmail.com with questions or join me to learn more about options in a personal 1on1 webinar here. Nicolas Chahine is the managing director of SellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @racernic and stocktwits at @racernic. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/profit-from-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-no-matter-what/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace Top 5 Stocks to Buy in May 3 Blue-Chip Stocks That You Should Avoid 3 Off-the-Radar Plays That Yield 7% or More 7 Stocks to Sell Thanks to TERRIBLE Seasonality The 3 Best Comeback Stocks to Buy in 2017 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The Top 5 Stocks to Buy in May The 3 Best Comeback Stocks to Buy in 2017 7 Stocks to Sell Thanks to TERRIBLE Seasonality 3 Business Development Companies (BDCs) That Yield 7% or More 3 Reasons to Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Right Now Most Popular 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 4 High-Yield Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Dividends Apple Inc. (AAPL) vs. Facebook Inc (FB): Which Stock Should You Buy? Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chart Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chart Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.55 Per Share Brokerages Expect Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.95 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $61.34 Million Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $79.4 Million Carl Domino Inc Holds Position in Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) 73,131 Shares in HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Acquired by Tower Bridge Advisors DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Acquires 45,402 Shares of Vantiv Inc (VNTV) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $5.069 Million Stake in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Sells 7,333 Shares of Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Stake Lowered by Copeland Capital Management LLC Copeland Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Canandaigua National Bank & Trust Co. Acquires 600 Shares of Xerox Corp (XRX) Copeland Capital Management LLC Sells 13,867 Shares of Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Copeland Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Shares Sold by Copeland Capital Management LLC Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity (FAM) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.14 Ducommun (DCO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Centurylink Inc (CTL) Announces Earnings Results American National Insurance Co. TX Has $2,504,000 Stake in Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American National Insurance Co. TX maintained its position in Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 71,680 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. American National Insurance Co. TX owned approximately 0.23% of Chart Industries worth $2,504,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in GTLS. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL purchased a new position in Chart Industries during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,954,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Chart Industries by 7.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,241,953 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $73,603,000 after buying an additional 161,278 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Chart Industries by 314.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 91,295 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,998,000 after buying an additional 69,243 shares during the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Chart Industries by 6.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 287,818 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $9,449,000 after buying an additional 17,864 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Comerica Bank raised its stake in Chart Industries by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 33,915 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,285,000 after buying an additional 1,716 shares during the last quarter. 89.29% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS) traded down 1.88% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $36.02. 237,322 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $34.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.60. The firm has a market cap of $1.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 37.21 and a beta of 1.62. Chart Industries, Inc. has a one year low of $21.80 and a one year high of $40.87. Chart Industries (NASDAQ:GTLS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.01 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.02 by $0.01. Chart Industries had a positive return on equity of 6.10% and a negative net margin of 21.93%. The firm had revenue of $204.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $198.57 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.08) earnings per share. Chart Industries’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Chart Industries, Inc. will post $0.74 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/american-national-insurance-co-tx-has-2504000-stake-in-chart-industries-inc-gtls.html. Several analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Chart Industries from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday. TheStreet upgraded shares of Chart Industries from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Lake Street Capital upgraded shares of Chart Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $32.00 to $44.00 in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Chart Industries presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.67. Chart Industries Company Profile Chart Industries, Inc is a diversified global manufacturer of engineered equipment, packaged solutions, and value-add services used throughout the industrial gas, energy and biomedical industries. The Company operates through three business segments: Energy & Chemicals (E&C), Distribution & Storage (D&S) and BioMedical. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GTLS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS). Receive News & Ratings for Chart Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chart Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest AppFolio Inc (APPF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Given a $38.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts TheStreet Upgrades Phillips 66 (PSX) to B- Nortel Inversora SA (NTL) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $698,000 Stake in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Cut by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,223,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) received a €16.50 ($17.93) target price from equities researchers at Macquarie in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Kepler Capital Markets set a €14.80 ($16.09) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €16.00 ($17.39) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.80 ($16.09) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €15.50 ($16.85) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €14.20 ($15.43) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. ING Groep NV currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €14.66 ($15.94). ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 15.26 on Tuesday. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €9.35 and a 1-year high of €15.27. The company’s 50 day moving average is €14.25 and its 200-day moving average is €13.46. The stock has a market capitalization of €59.18 billion and a PE ratio of 11.88. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-a-16-50-price-target-by-macquarie-analysts.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance adidas AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) PT Set at €89.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) a €20.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Manulife Financial Corp. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (MFC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Lowered by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet adidas AG (FRA:ADS) has been given a €195.00 ($211.96) price target by equities researchers at Independent Research GmbH in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on ADS. Macquarie set a €210.00 ($228.26) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €200.00 ($217.39) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Citigroup Inc set a €180.00 ($195.65) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. equinet AG set a €180.00 ($195.65) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €170.00 ($184.78) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €180.86 ($196.59). Shares of adidas AG (FRA:ADS) opened at 182.10 on Tuesday. adidas AG has a 52 week low of €106.00 and a 52 week high of €186.00. The firm has a market cap of €36.63 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 36.48. The firm has a 50 day moving average of €179.62 and a 200 day moving average of €156.24. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/adidas-ag-ads-pt-set-at-195-00-by-independent-research-gmbh.html. About adidas AG . Receive News & Ratings for adidas AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest AppFolio Inc (APPF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Given a $38.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts TheStreet Upgrades Phillips 66 (PSX) to B- Nortel Inversora SA (NTL) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $698,000 Stake in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Cut by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,223,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) has been assigned a €96.00 ($104.35) target price by equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. SAN has been the topic of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €81.00 ($88.04) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €80.00 ($86.96) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €87.00 ($94.57) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($98.91) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €85.50 ($92.93). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) opened at 87.55 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of €110.55 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.11. Sanofi SA has a 12-month low of €62.50 and a 12-month high of €87.74. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €25.48 and its 200-day moving average price is €25.74. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/sanofi-sa-san-given-a-96-00-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Thu, May 4, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders Standard Chartered also says Frankfurt will be main European location post-Brexit about an hour ago Joe Brennan Post-Brexit, Dublin in line to secure hundreds of back- and middle-office roles at JP Morgan. Photograph: Reuters         JP Morgan is on track to pick Frankfurt as its main European location for trading market securities post Brexit, with Dublin in line to secure hundreds of back- and middle-office roles, according to sources. The largest US bank by market value, at $307 billion (€281 billion), it will shift a number of London banking jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the UK’s exit from the European Union, the company’s head of corporate and investment banking, Daniel Pinto, said in an interview with Bloomberg in Saudi Arabia this week. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the long-term numbers,” Mr Pinto said. A spokesman for the bank confirmed Pinto’s comments to The Irish Times, but declined to elaborate on them. However, sources said that the group’s plans for Ireland, where it can trace its operations back to 1926, are focused on expanding existing back-office functions in Dublin, rather than adding front-office roles. JP Morgan Bank (Ireland) is mainly involved in providing administration and accounting services to hedge funds and mutual funds as well as treasury and cash management services to clients globally. JPMorgan warns it could move thousands of jobs out of UK Financial firms look to Ireland as post-Brexit option, Noonan says Daiwa to make decision on Dublin ‘soon’ Speculation There had been a degree of speculation during the past month that JP Morgan could double its current 500-strong Irish workforce as a result of Brexit, as it emerged the bank was in talks to buy a building being developed in Dublin’s south docklands, which could accommodate more than 1,000 workers. However, sources said initial Brexit-related figures will be much lower than that. JP Morgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, said before the Brexit referendum last June that the bank could move up to 4,000 of its 16,000 UK workforce in the event of voters opting to quit the EU. In January, he said the final number of job relocations could be higher. Pinto said the group has to plan for a scenario where the UK companies lost their right to passport financial services across the single market. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there,” he said. Standard Chartered Separately, Standard Chartered, the Asia-focused but London-headquartered banking group, told shareholders at the group’s annual general meeting on Wednesday that it is in talks with regulators about making Frankfurt its European base once the UK leaves the EU. “The choice of Frankfurt is very natural as we have a branch there and we do euro clearing there,” group chairman Jose Vinals said. Frankfurt, home of the European Central Bank and its supervisory centre for euro-zone lenders, is beginning to emerge as a favoured location for international banks as they pick post-Brexit EU hubs. Goldman Sachs is also known to be among banks actively considering making Frankfurt its main EU base. Meanwhile, Barclays is said to have picked Dublin as its future European base, which may involve the movement of 150 jobs from London to Dublin. Credit Suisse and Bank of America Merrill Lynch are also looking at expanding their existing operations in Ireland.        Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Huge increase in mortgage approvals, draw downs in first quarter Technology Karlin Lillington: Blockchain is less hype, more a transformative technology Europe 1:43 Macron and Le Pen exchange insults in TV election battle Sport Sonia O’Sullivan: For the record, I welcome new proposals Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Report finds most Irish executives expect a hard Brexit 08:00 HSBC’s shares rise after Q1 profits beat forecasts 07:49 Huge increase in mortgage approvals, draw downs in first quarter 07:46 Irish Management Ill-Equipped for Digital Future 07:34 Kerry reaffirms full-year earnings guidance after ‘solid’ start 07:27 Most Read in Business 1 Shortfall in tax revenue threatens spending increases 2 JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders 3 The tricks Uber uses to win at the expense of its drivers 4 WhatsApp suffers widespread outage 5 Central Bank governor rejects suggestions of new property bubble 6 Toshiba’s startling spiral downwards continues 7 ‘Rampant’ growth of Irish e-commerce set to continue 8 First-time buyers: It’s cheaper to buy than rent, but do the sums 9 Braced for Brexit – and the death of Queen Elizabeth 10 Should you charge your phone overnight? Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 4/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qorvo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qorvo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.55 Per Share Brokerages Expect Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.95 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $61.34 Million Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $79.4 Million Carl Domino Inc Holds Position in Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) 73,131 Shares in HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Acquired by Tower Bridge Advisors DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Acquires 45,402 Shares of Vantiv Inc (VNTV) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $5.069 Million Stake in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Sells 7,333 Shares of Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Stake Lowered by Copeland Capital Management LLC Copeland Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Canandaigua National Bank & Trust Co. Acquires 600 Shares of Xerox Corp (XRX) Copeland Capital Management LLC Sells 13,867 Shares of Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Copeland Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Shares Sold by Copeland Capital Management LLC Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity (FAM) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.14 Ducommun (DCO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ:QRVO) updated its first quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $0.70-0.90 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $1.03. The company issued revenue guidance of $610-650 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $700.77 million. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Qorvo in a report on Saturday, April 1st. Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on Qorvo in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued a buy rating for the company. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on Qorvo from $60.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock an equal weight rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. BMO Capital Markets cut Qorvo from an outperform rating to a market perform rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $72.00 to $58.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, MKM Partners reiterated a buy rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of Qorvo in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $64.62. Shares of Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ:QRVO) traded down 0.42% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $68.05. The company had a trading volume of 2,257,552 shares. Qorvo Inc has a 12 month low of $44.52 and a 12 month high of $72.42. The company’s market capitalization is $8.61 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of $68.90 and a 200-day moving average of $61.28. Qorvo (NASDAQ:QRVO) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The semiconductor company reported $0.85 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.04. Qorvo had a positive return on equity of 10.77% and a negative net margin of 3.22%. The business earned $643 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $632.12 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Qorvo Inc will post $4.52 earnings per share for the current year. In other news, Director Daniel A. Dileo sold 1,125 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.64, for a total transaction of $74,970.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 23,145 shares in the company, valued at $1,542,382.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP James L. Klein sold 5,465 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.22, for a total value of $389,217.30. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 39,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,845,381.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 143,947 shares of company stock valued at $9,701,014. Company insiders own 1.14% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/qorvo-inc-qrvo-updates-q1-earnings-guidance.html. About Qorvo Qorvo, Inc is a provider of technologies and radio frequency (RF) solutions for mobile, infrastructure and defense and aerospace applications. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets its products to the United States and international original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and original design manufacturers (ODMs). Receive News & Ratings for Qorvo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qorvo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.09 EPS Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Positive News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Stock Price Enphase Energy (ENPH) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.27 DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Community Trust Bancorp (CTBI) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.24 Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Receives $21.25 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renassnc Fd (GER) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Financial Engines Inc (FNGN) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC American Century Companies Inc. Decreases Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Popular Inc (BPOP) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Zions Bancorp (ZION) Shares Sold by Flinton Capital Management LLC Flinton Capital Management LLC Purchases 26,144 Shares of PVH Corp (PVH) Core Laboratories (CLB) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Has $94.898 Million Position in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Prudential Financial Inc (NYSE:PRU) posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The financial services provider reported $2.79 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.64 by $0.15. Prudential Financial had a net margin of 7.63% and a return on equity of 7.96%. During the same period last year, the company posted $2.18 EPS. Shares of Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) traded up 0.86% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $108.48. 2,082,496 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Prudential Financial has a 1-year low of $66.51 and a 1-year high of $114.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $46.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.17 and a beta of 1.69. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $106.46 and its 200 day moving average price is $103.33. A number of analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of Prudential Financial from $114.00 to $117.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of Prudential Financial from $108.00 to $113.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $117.00 price objective on shares of Prudential Financial in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “hold” rating and issued a $121.00 target price on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $108.92. In related news, Director George Paz bought 500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was acquired at an average price of $110.73 per share, for a total transaction of $55,365.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $55,365. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Barbara Koster sold 33,743 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $112.87, for a total transaction of $3,808,572.41. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 45,245 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,106,803.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.20% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/prudential-financial-inc-pru-posts-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-15-eps.html. Prudential Financial Company Profile Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Technology Group (ITG) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Highwoods Properties (HIW) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Laredo Petroleum (LPI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Will Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $221.02 Million $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million Analysts Expect Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) CEO Sells 1,117 Shares of Stock Daniel J. Mitchell Buys 11,000 Shares of Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Stock Richard H. Dozer Sells 1,833 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock Thomas D. Longenecker Purchases 600 Shares of Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Stock Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) Releases Earnings Results Regional Management Corp (RM) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Allianz SE (NYSE:AZ) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the seven analysts that are presently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have issued a buy rating on the company. Several research firms have recently weighed in on AZ. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, March 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, March 17th. DZ Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, February 17th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/allianz-se-az-given-consensus-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. About Allianz SE Allianz SE is a financial service company. The Company is the holding company of the Allianz Group (Allianz SE and its subsidiaries). The Company’s segments include Property-Casualty, Life/Health, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other. The Company provides a range of reinsurance coverage, primarily to Allianz insurance entities, as well as to third-party customers. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Thursday May 4 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access brexit JP Morgan to move staff out of UK Harry Wilson, City Editor May 4 2017, 12:00am, The Times The US bank warned that far more jobs could be relocated if there was no UK-EU passporting deal after BrexitEric Thayer/Reuters Hundreds of workers at JP Morgan will be moved to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as part of the US bank’s post-Brexit plans. Daniel Pinto, head of JP Morgan’s investment banking arm, said yesterday that the financial group would enlarge its three existing main European offices, with the loss of between 500 and 1,000 jobs in the UK. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short-term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” he added in an interview with Bloomberg. JP Morgan has warned that as many as 4,000 jobs could move from London and its other offices around the country, including its Bournemouth operations centre, equivalent to about a quarter of… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Has $13.02 Million Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Martin Kelly Sells 10,000 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Popular Inc (BPOP) Director Sells $126,450.00 in Stock David Shapiro Sells 1,117 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Stock Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Algert Global LLC Has $2.261 Million Stake in Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR) Position Raised by Algert Global LLC Algert Global LLC Takes Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Algert Global LLC Buys 18,603 Shares of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Algert Global LLC Cuts Position in NCI Building Systems Inc (NCS) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “ING GROEP-ADR is a global financial institution of Dutch origin offering banking, insurance and asset management to over 50 million private, corporate and institutional clients in 65 countries. ING can fully deliver what today’s clients expect: unlimited access, maximum convenience, immediate and accurate execution, personal advice, tailor-made solutions and competitive rates. “ Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on ING Groep NV in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Monday, February 13th. Societe Generale cut ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.00. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) traded up 0.48% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $16.67. The company had a trading volume of 3,488,311 shares. ING Groep NV has a 12 month low of $9.26 and a 12 month high of $16.71. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $15.37 and a 200-day moving average of $14.41. The company has a market capitalization of $64.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.12 and a beta of 1.38. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of $0.451 per share. This represents a yield of 6.15%. This is a boost from ING Groep NV’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 9th. ING Groep NV’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 45.11%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/ing-groep-nv-ing-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. World Asset Management Inc boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 8.1% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 259,126 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,198,000 after buying an additional 19,492 shares in the last quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 14.9% in the third quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 249,815 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,083,000 after buying an additional 32,470 shares in the last quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 9.4% in the third quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC now owns 1,258,976 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $15,536,000 after buying an additional 108,667 shares in the last quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 2.2% in the third quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN now owns 50,560 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $624,000 after buying an additional 1,078 shares in the last quarter. Finally, AMG National Trust Bank boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 23.7% in the third quarter. AMG National Trust Bank now owns 118,002 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,456,000 after buying an additional 22,571 shares in the last quarter. 1.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ING Groep NV (ING) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Diplomat Pharmacy Inc (DPLO) Receives $17.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Gerry Weber International AG (GWI1) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages RWE AG (RWE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Saga PLC (SAGA) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Set Smart REIT (SRU.UN) Price Target at $36.25 NuVasive (NUVA) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Power Integrations (POWI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Nelnet (NNI) Share Price New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Reinhart Partners Inc. Sells 88 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Shares Sold by CT Mason 8,089 Shares in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Montag A & Associates Inc. Has $4.559 Million Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Reinhart Partners Inc. Buys New Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $1.466 Million Stake in Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Reinhart Partners Inc. Acquires 210 Shares of Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Reinhart Partners Inc. Takes Position in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $2.225 Million Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Andres Reiner Sells 52,698 Shares Saga PLC (SAGA) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the seven research firms that are presently covering the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 225 ($2.91). Several brokerages have issued reports on SAGA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 215 ($2.78) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday. Peel Hunt restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.23) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.58) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an “add” rating and set a GBX 235 ($3.03) price target on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Beaufort Securities reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Thursday, March 30th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/saga-plc-saga-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. In other news, insider Jonathan Hill sold 24,683 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 208 ($2.69), for a total transaction of £51,340.64 ($66,288.75). Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) traded up 0.19% on Friday, reaching GBX 211.80. 3,117,488 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Saga PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 175.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 227.38. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.36 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 207.33 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 195.88. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of GBX 5.80 ($0.07) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a boost from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. This represents a dividend yield of 2.84%. Saga PLC Company Profile Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Brexit Means U.K. Lawyers and Bankers May Not Be at Your Service by Jill Ward @jillianfward More stories by Jill Ward May 3, 2017, 7:01 PM EDT Architects, lawyers, broadcasters may be among Brexit losers U.K. must negotiate ‘monstrously complicated’ deal with EU Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg A decade ago, Fraser Bell set up his Northern Star technology company in London. After the Brexit vote, he’s not sure he’d do it again. “Until politicians can stop politicking and just get on with it, I wouldn’t make a major investment in London,” says Bell, 51, who now employs 20 people. “Because you’re never going to be sure of the return.” So far, much of the debate around Brexit has focused on the impact on manufacturers operating in the U.K. such as Nissan Motor Co. Yet, service providers like bankers, lawyers and technology firms now account for about 80 percent of the economy and are also starting to fear the worst as tension between the U.K. and the European Union mounts. Inside the EU, they can sell across world’s largest trading bloc, mostly without significant barriers. Outside, they could face hurdles. “Architects, lawyers, accountants, those more regulation-intensive sectors, they really do profit a lot from the European single market in services,” said Ingo Borchert, an economist at the U.K. Trade Policy Observatory. Striking a free-trade agreement for services with the EU will be “monstrously complicated” given the short time period. Britain is the globe’s second-largest exporter of services after the United States. In 2016, total service exports amounted to almost 250 billion pounds ($322 billion), compared with 300 billion pounds of goods. Outside the EU, services firms could face restrictions such as limits on taking stakes in European companies, and controls on access to some sectors, according to London First, a group that campaigned against Brexit. Already, banks operating in London such as JPMorgan Chase & Co. are scoping out other bases in the EU, and other sectors are also keen to remain inside the EU. Read More: How Banks Are Starting to Plan for Brexit Dublin Beckons Last week, cybersecurity company Tenable Network Security Inc. opened its new international headquarters in Dublin, on the banks of the River Liffey. Tenable employs about 35 people in both Dublin and London, but chose the Irish capital to expand. It now plans to add more than 70 people in Ireland over the next two years. “The decision was already in process before the Brexit vote but certainly it reinforces our decision,” Amit Yoran, Tenable chairman, said. U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May is aiming to strike a wide-ranging free-trade accord with the EU that provides similar access to the current arrangements. For some sectors, like air transport, though, there’s no detailed precedents to draw on, and if the FTA fails, services fall back on World Trading Organization terms. Trouble is, “most WTO founding members did not make very ambitious commitments on market access and national treatment,” said Borchert. If EU members imposed restrictions to the full extent allowed by the WTO, the cost to the U.K. would be around 27 billion pounds in services exports, London First said. Read More: How Airlines Are Fretting Over Impact of Brexit Broadcasting Question Take broadcasting. More than 600 channels based in the U.K. including Disney, Sony, NBC and the Discovery Channel all need just one license to broadcast across the EU in multiple languages. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up “If they want to keep exporting channels, they’ll have to move someplace in the EU where those channels can be licensed. It would certainly be a reason to move not insubstantial operations to the continent, or to Ireland,” said Alice Enders, director of research at Enders Analysis. There’s no precedent of a free-trade agreement with audiovisual services, and “that’s why people are worried,” she said. About 800 England and Wales-qualified lawyers were admitted to the Irish Roll of solicitors last year, a move driven by Brexit, according to the Law Society’s Director General Ken Murphy. He described the influx of new lawyers as a “tsunami.” Another 200 have registered this year. Brexit Opportunity Some spy opportunity, though. Scurri, an Irish company that connects retailers with shipping providers, plans to open a London office within a year. Founder Rory O’Connor isn’t concerned about changes to EU cross-border data sharing currently allowed by the single market. “This is going to be advantageous for us, in that the more complexity that’s there, which everybody else will hate, we make simple,” O’Connor, 43, said. Scurri helped its customers ship to more than 200 countries last year, so it’s used to dealing with non-EU regulation, he said. As for the London office, which will focus primarily on U.K. sales, “the market is big enough to warrant it,” he said. Moreover, many European countries apply more liberal regimes than the WTO demands, and services companies are continuing to invest in the U.K. Last year, for example, Facebook Inc. said it planned to increase its U.K. headcount by 50 percent. Back at Northern Star, Bell still worries. “At the moment, we can just jump on the Eurostar and get to Paris or Brussels with very little border control, and it’s achievable to deliver a day’s worth of work in those countries and get back to the U.K. the same day,” Bell said. Changes “may make that unworkable, or certainly increase costs,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- British Business - May 4 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed May 3, 2017 | 7:43pm EDT PRESS DIGEST- British Business - May 4 May 4 - The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. The Times * HNA Group, which began life as a single airline, has become the largest shareholder in Deutsche Bank after doubling its stake in the troubled German lender to just under 10 percent. bit.ly/2oZb1XM * Live Premiership Rugby matches will be shown on terrestrial television for the first time after Viacom signed a seven-figure deal. bit.ly/2oZ6sg8 The Guardian * Lidl is on track to overtake Waitrose to become the UK’s seventh-biggest grocer as early as this summer as discounters benefit from new store openings and shoppers search out bargains amid a return to food price inflation. bit.ly/2oZ5kJm * Up to 1,000 bankers working for JPMorgan in the City of London are to be relocated to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as the U.S. bank becomes the latest to set out Brexit plans. bit.ly/2oZaIvV The Telegraph * Marks and Spencer has poached the boss of bicycle and car parts retailer Halfords, Jill McDonald, to revive its ailing clothing, home and beauty business. bit.ly/2paoBUc * Britain and Brussels will both be better off if they stop wrangling over an enormous Brexit divorce bill and instead focus on the real prize - a deal to preserve the 600 billion pounds ($771.90 billion) of trade which flows back and forth across the Channel each year, according to the Confederation of British Industry. bit.ly/2pae4br Sky News * Britain's biggest tobacco distributor, Palmer & Harvey, is to be put up for sale just weeks after sealing a financial rescue package led by two of the world's largest cigarette makers, according to Sky News. bit.ly/2p9M5ZO * Instant messaging service WhatsApp has suffered a major outage across Western Europe, Asia and America. The Facebook -owned instant messaging app began experiencing problems on Wednesday evening. bit.ly/2pa89Dh The Independent * Starbucks is launching two new coffee-based drinks in the UK, as it strives to tap into consumers' growing appetite for healthy beverages. ind.pn/2papaxi * Standard Chartered has chosen Frankfurt for its main base inside the EU as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the single market after Britain exits the trading bloc, the bank's chairman said. ind.pn/2pa8ENF ($1 = 0.7773 pounds) (Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Imagination Tech starts dispute process with Apple LONDON, May 4 Imagination Technologies said it had started a "dispute resolution procedure" with Apple , its biggest customer, after failing to resolve a standoff over licensing between the two companies. CORRECTED-Shell reports sharp rise in Q1 profits, beating forecasts LONDON, May 4 Royal Dutch Shell reported a sharp rise in net profit on Thursday, ahead of analyst forecasts and supported by stronger oil prices and improved refining margins. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/u-s-steel-itll-be-different-next-time-really-1493820932 Stocks to Watch U.S. Steel: It’ll Be Different Next Time. Really. A U.S. Steel bull admits his mistake but sticks with its beaten-down shares. By Ben Levisohn May 3, 2017 10:15 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large U.S. Steel (X) lost a quarter of it's value after reporting a surprise loss on April 25. Is it time to buy? Illustration: Getty Images Not everyone thinks so. Analysts at Deutsche Bank and Macquarie both cut U.S. Steel's shares in the aftermath of its earnings, though others, like the folks at JPMorgan offered a defense of the stock. Into the fray come Jefferies analyst Seth Rosenfeld and team, who admit their mistake in rating U.S. Steeel a Buy, but urge investors to buy the stock anyway, arguing that "it’ll be different next time, really." They explain why: We were wrong. We underestimated elevated risks inherent with X’s "revitalization" efforts as well as cost headwinds in 1Q17 and shares have hastily sold off post results/guide as bullish sentiment capitulated. Now reassessing post results, we believe X is a Buy given a) guidance suggests incremental improvement to come, b) the brunt of negative headwinds have passed and c) QoQ costs will be muted and/or turn to tailwinds with price-volume more than offsetting. No one seems to be listening. Shares of U.S. Steel have dropped 3.3% to $21.24 at 10:12 a.m., while AK Steel (AKS) has tumbled 4% to $5.99, Nucor (NUE) has fallen 1.6% to $60.71, and Steel Dynamics (STLD) is off 2.7% to $36.01. Text Size Regular Medium Large PREVIOUS Why Anadarko Petroleum is Crumbling NEXT Bristol-Myers: Going Stag to the Ball? Most Popular Apple: Buy the Dip The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Summit Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Summit Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Summit Midstream Partners LP (SMLP) Target Price at $25.83 Enbridge Inc (ENB) Now Covered by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Downgraded by Leerink Swann to Market Perform Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $615,000 Position in NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) 33,260 Shares in Pandora Media Inc (P) Acquired by Usca Ria LLC Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stake Increased by Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Honeywell International Inc. Purchases New Position in DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Usca Ria LLC Maintains Position in South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) 66,240 Shares in Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Acquired by Honeywell International Inc. 23,230 Shares in Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Acquired by Honeywell International Inc. Synchrony Financial (SYF) Director Will W. Graylin Purchases 18,000 Shares of Stock Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) SVP Margo Lynn Manning Sells 9,000 Shares KEMET Co. (KEM) Price Target Raised to $11.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Price Target Raised to $2,050.00 at Credit Suisse Group AG Luminex Co. (LMNX) Price Target Increased to $21.00 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Given “Equal Weight” Rating at Barclays PLC Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Team (TISI) Stock Price Taylor Morrison Home Corp (TMHC) Given News Impact Rating of 0.14 Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.11 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Tandem Diabetes Care (TNDM) Stock Price Brokerages Set Summit Midstream Partners LP (SMLP) Target Price at $25.83 May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Summit Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:SMLP) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the nine analysts that are presently covering the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $25.83. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on SMLP. Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and issued a $25.00 target price (down previously from $27.00) on shares of Summit Midstream Partners in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG cut shares of Summit Midstream Partners from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $30.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Summit Midstream Partners from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of Summit Midstream Partners from a “market perform” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of Summit Midstream Partners in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Shares of Summit Midstream Partners (NYSE:SMLP) traded down 0.21% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $23.45. 188,962 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Summit Midstream Partners has a 52-week low of $18.65 and a 52-week high of $26.50. The stock’s market cap is $1.69 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $23.48 and its 200-day moving average is $23.54. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be given a $0.575 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $2.30 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 9.81%. Summit Midstream Partners’s payout ratio is presently -55.16%. In related news, Director Summit Midstream Partners, Llc sold 4,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $23.66, for a total transaction of $94,640,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Steven J. Newby sold 29,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.23, for a total transaction of $673,670.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 23,812 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $553,152.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of SMLP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners by 1.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 557,140 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $12,781,000 after buying an additional 8,089 shares in the last quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 533,953 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $13,429,000 after buying an additional 2,582 shares in the last quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Summit Midstream Partners during the third quarter valued at $8,667,000. Spirit of America Management Corp NY boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners by 25.9% in the first quarter. Spirit of America Management Corp NY now owns 366,558 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $8,798,000 after buying an additional 75,350 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Group AG boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners by 36.7% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 241,110 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $5,531,000 after buying an additional 64,700 shares in the last quarter. 42.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Set Summit Midstream Partners LP (SMLP) Target Price at $25.83” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/brokerages-set-summit-midstream-partners-lp-smlp-target-price-at-25-83.html. About Summit Midstream Partners Summit Midstream Partners, LP focuses on developing, owning and operating midstream energy infrastructure assets. The Company’s segments include the Utica Shale, which includes its ownership interest in Ohio Gathering, as well as Summit Utica; the Williston Basin, which includes Bison Midstream, Polar and Divide and Tioga Midstream; the Marcellus Shale, which includes Mountaineer Midstream; the Barnett Shale, which includes DFW Midstream Services LLC (DFW Midstream), and the Piceance Basin /DJ Basins, which includes Grand River and Niobrara G&P. Receive News & Ratings for Summit Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Summit Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Director Ian William Delaney Acquires 25,000 Shares of Stock Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Insider Gerard F. Nadeau Sells 6,103 Shares FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Director Frederic V. Salerno Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Director David Stewart Sutherland Buys 10,000 Shares GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Insider Richard Calder Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Cognex (CGNX) Given News Impact Score of 0.34 NetSol Technologies (NTWK) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds WASHINGTON TRUST Co Reduces Stake in Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Cornerstone OnDemand (CSOD) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports First National Bank of Hutchinson Sells 84 Shares of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Has $1.607 Million Position in QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) 53,862 Shares in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) Acquired by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Sfmg LLC Has $262,000 Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) WASHINGTON TRUST Co Takes Position in KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Raises Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Acquires New Position in Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Position Held by Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $430.9 Million Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (EARN) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Cognex (CGNX) Given News Impact Score of 0.34 May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) has been trending positive this week, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Cognex earned a news sentiment score of 0.34 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about the scientific and technical instruments company an impact score of 87 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. These are some of the headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: (AMTD) Receives Buy Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG (ekosvoice.com) ETFs with exposure to Cognex Corp. : May 3, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Receives Hold Rating from Canaccord Genuity (americanbankingnews.com) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company (americanbankingnews.com) Cognex (CGNX) Q1 2017 Results – Earnings Call Transcript (seekingalpha.com) CGNX has been the topic of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cognex from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Cognex in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price objective on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective (up previously from $61.00) on shares of Cognex in a research note on Friday, February 17th. TheStreet cut shares of Cognex from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Summit Redstone reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Cognex in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Cognex currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $67.01. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) traded down 1.65% on Wednesday, hitting $88.73. 1,249,406 shares of the stock traded hands. Cognex has a 12-month low of $38.71 and a 12-month high of $90.29. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $82.62 and its 200-day moving average price is $69.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 51.68 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a return on equity of 13.67% and a net margin of 26.59%. The business earned $129.32 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $116.93 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.22 EPS. Cognex’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Cognex will post $2.04 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Investors of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.085 per share. This represents a $0.34 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.38%. This is a boost from Cognex’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. Cognex’s dividend payout ratio is presently 20.13%. In related news, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.69, for a total transaction of $4,034,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,034,500. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total value of $389,250.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $389,250. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 105,000 shares of company stock valued at $8,311,250. 6.40% of the stock is owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/cognex-cgnx-given-news-impact-score-of-0-34.html. About Cognex Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance VASCO Data Security International Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for VASCO Data Security International Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (VDSI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research 207,000 Shares in Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Acquired by Honeywell International Inc. $0.38 Earnings Per Share Expected for ConnectOne Bancorp Inc (CNOB) This Quarter M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Position Cut by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Geneva Advisors LLC Purchases 4,468 Shares of SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) is Great West Life Assurance Co. Can’s 2nd Largest Position BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Position Decreased by Geneva Advisors LLC Sentinel Trust Co. LBA Has $4.034 Million Stake in Entergy Co. (ETR) KeyCorp (KEY) Shares Sold by Sentinel Trust Co. LBA Geneva Advisors LLC Purchases 32,400 Shares of Aemetis Inc (AMTX) Healthcare Realty Trust Inc (hr) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 Spire Healthcare Group PLC’s (SPI) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Invesco Van Kampen High Income Trust II (VLT) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.32 United Therapeutics (UTHR) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 Upland Software (UPLD) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds VolitionRX (VNRX) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) CEO Kent S. Ellert Sells 17,407 Shares of Stock BIO-key International, Inc. (BKYI) Insider Fong Wong Kwok Acquires 277,778 Shares Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Chairman Ralph Izzo Sells 30,000 Shares VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (VDSI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has $15.00 price objective on the technology company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Vasco Data Security International Inc. design, develop, market and support security products and services which manage and secure access to computer systems of corporate and government customers. Additionally, the company enables secure financial transactions made over private enterprise networks and public networks, such as the Internet. The company’s software and hardware products provide organizations with strong, flexible and effective Internet and enterprise security solutions and they compete favorably against those of the competitors. “ Separately, BTIG Research reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $18.00 price objective on shares of VASCO Data Security International in a report on Monday, April 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $19.25. Shares of VASCO Data Security International (NASDAQ:VDSI) traded up 1.08% on Tuesday, hitting $14.10. 147,825 shares of the stock traded hands. VASCO Data Security International has a 12-month low of $12.05 and a 12-month high of $19.30. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $12.99 and its 200 day moving average is $14.02. The firm has a market cap of $560.60 million, a P/E ratio of 64.38 and a beta of 1.78. VASCO Data Security International (NASDAQ:VDSI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.04 by $0.04. VASCO Data Security International had a net margin of 4.59% and a return on equity of 9.05%. The business earned $41.97 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $42.55 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.14 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 10.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that VASCO Data Security International will post $0.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/vasco-data-security-international-inc-vdsi-upgraded-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in VASCO Data Security International by 6.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 304,029 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $5,354,000 after buying an additional 19,246 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in VASCO Data Security International by 10.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,121,003 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $37,351,000 after buying an additional 199,937 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in VASCO Data Security International by 5.3% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 102,614 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,807,000 after buying an additional 5,136 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in VASCO Data Security International by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 669,462 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $9,134,000 after buying an additional 25,603 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mairs & Power INC increased its position in VASCO Data Security International by 8.9% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 235,306 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $4,144,000 after buying an additional 19,200 shares in the last quarter. 51.95% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About VASCO Data Security International VASCO Data Security International, Inc designs, develops and markets digital solutions for identity, security and business productivity that protect and facilitate transactions online, via mobile devices, and in-person. The Company provides anti-fraud and digital transaction management solutions to financial institutions and other businesses. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on VASCO Data Security International (VDSI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for VASCO Data Security International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VASCO Data Security International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: Moving Up to the Public Cloud Lured by cost savings, corporate IT is shifting… Sales Incentives Are Powerful, So Use Them for Good While Wells Fargo's sales incentive plan wrought… Baseball CFO Looks to Win with CPM Software Rob Gagliardi of the Tampa Bay Rays puts a… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Regulation Senate Confirms Jay Clayton as SEC Chair The lawyer says he will be tough on "bad actors" but a Democrat calls him “one of Wall Street’s most loyal guardians.” Matthew Heller May 3, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* The U.S. Senate has approved the nomination of Jay Clayton as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, putting a lawyer who one Democrat called “one of Wall Street’s most loyal guardians” in charge of the regulator. “I look forward to working closely with my fellow commissioners and the dedicated career staff at the SEC to serve the American public and advance the SEC’s important mission,” Clayton said after the Senate confirmed him on a 61-37 vote. Recommended Stories: SEC Keeps up High Rate of Enforcement Activity Democrats Seek Probe of Acting SEC Chair Senators Urge Making PCAOB Hearings Public During the confirmation hearing, Clayton, a partner at the law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell, assured lawmakers that he could be tough on Wall Street despite his industry connections. He has spent decades representing large banks including Goldman Sachs and Barclays. “I have zero tolerance for bad actors,” Clayton said. But Sen. Bob Menendez (D-N.J.) said Clayton’s record with Goldman and as an adviser to Bear Sterns during its 2007 sale of JPMorgan Chase made him unfit for the SEC job. “This administration wants to give the keys to the castle to one of Wall Street’s most loyal guardians,” he lamented. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) described Clayton’s nomination as “just one more broken promise, one more time that Donald Trump has put Wall Street ahead of the interests of the American people.” Clayton has identified himself as an independent but as Politico reports, “he is expected to align himself with Republicans and steer the SEC away from an enforcement agenda that the agency has pursued since the 2008 financial crisis.” “Republicans are going to be less aggressive on the fines, given their public statements,” said Fraser Hunter, a partner at law firm WilmerHale, who worked with Clayton at Sullivan & Cromwell. “The Republicans will be more focused on capital formation and on rulemaking that frees up capital formation.” Ethics rules will require Clayton to sit out enforcement votes during his first two years in office on matters involving former clients and he would also need to recuse himself from matters where Sullivan & Cromwell represents a party. “Americans deserve a chair who will run the SEC on their behalf, not for the benefit of Wall Street banks and big corporations,” Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) said. Post navigation ← Clicking with CEO Trumps Meeting Financial Goals Delphi Drives Away From Internal Combustion → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles KPMG Replaces Audit Chair in Wake of PCAOB Leaks How to Get Your ROI on Employee Benefits Spending Revenue Recognition Disclosure Requirements: A Challenge That Can’t Wait Auditors Can Be Friendly as Well as Skeptical, Study Finds Think Like a Start-up, Be a Better CFO Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Inogen Inc (INGN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Analysts Expect Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $48.33 Million AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Mitel Networks Corp (MITL) Receives Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Anticipate Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) Will Post Earnings of $0.06 Per Share Geron Co. (GERN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Kroger Co (KR) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Wright Investors Service Inc. Invests $212,000 in Starwood Property Trust, Inc. (STWD) Advisory Services Network LLC Buys New Stake in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $844,000 Position in Ingredion Inc (INGR) Advisory Services Network LLC Takes Position in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) 13,290 Shares in BT Group plc (BT) Acquired by Wright Investors Service Inc. Cabot Corp (CBT) Position Cut by Wright Investors Service Inc. Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) is Wright Investors Service Inc.’s 10th Largest Position Wright Investors Service Inc. Buys Shares of 13,110 Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Advisory Services Network LLC Purchases New Stake in Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI) Wright Investors Service Inc. Acquires Shares of 12,295 Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Nokia Oyj (NOK) Position Increased by Wright Investors Service Inc. Inogen Inc (INGN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Inogen reported a solid fourth-quarter of 2016 beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate on both counts. Over the last three months the company outperformed the broader industry in terms of price performance. Inogen has provided a positive guidance for full-year 2017. The company’s unique direct-to-customer business model, an innovative product line and growing patient base are the key catalysts in our view. New products like the Inogen One G4 and the upgraded Inogen One G3 are expected to drive growth over the long haul. Furthermore, the growing adoption of portable oxygen containers (POCs) among traditional home medical equipment (HME) providers will significantly boost unit sales volume going ahead. However, rental revenue headwinds remain a concern, thanks to private insurance rate reductions, higher provisions for rental revenue adjustments, and lower net patient additions.” A number of other research firms also recently weighed in on INGN. Sidoti began coverage on Inogen in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a neutral rating and a $79.00 price target on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $83.00 price objective on shares of Inogen in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. TheStreet raised Inogen from a c rating to a b- rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on Inogen and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Inogen to $65.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Inogen has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $73.67. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) traded down 1.17% on Tuesday, hitting $83.73. The stock had a trading volume of 139,022 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $77.59 and its 200-day moving average is $67.94. The company has a market cap of $1.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 86.32 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen has a one year low of $43.16 and a one year high of $85.94. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The medical technology company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.15. Inogen had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 7.70%. The firm had revenue of $50.85 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $46.19 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.19 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Inogen will post $1.04 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/inogen-inc-ingn-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total transaction of $184,625.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,833 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $356,917.05. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 3,750 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.07, for a total value of $262,762.50. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 31,851 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,231,799.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 18,750 shares of company stock valued at $1,435,588. 5.18% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in Inogen by 4.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 1,790 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $138,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its position in Inogen by 13.6% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 3,091 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $240,000 after buying an additional 370 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC bought a new position in Inogen during the fourth quarter worth $211,000. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Finally, Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. bought a new position in Inogen during the third quarter worth $211,000. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Inogen (INGN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TAL Education Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TAL Education Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Receives Buy Rating from Nomura RPM International Inc. (RPM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research TAL Education Group (TAL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weatherford International Plc’s (WFT) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Valvoline Inc (VVV) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research CommVault Systems, Inc. (CVLT) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Etsy Inc (ETSY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Norbord Inc. (OSB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Inogen Inc (INGN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Analysts Expect Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $48.33 Million AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Mitel Networks Corp (MITL) Receives Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Anticipate Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) Will Post Earnings of $0.06 Per Share Geron Co. (GERN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Kroger Co (KR) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Wright Investors Service Inc. Invests $212,000 in Starwood Property Trust, Inc. (STWD) TAL Education Group (TAL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “TAL Education Group provides K-12 after-school tutoring service in China. It offers tutoring services to K-12 students covering academic subjects, including mathematics, English, Chinese, physics, chemistry and biology. The Company delivers its tutoring services through small classes, personalized premium services i.e. one-on-one tutoring and online course offerings. Its extensive network consists of learning centers and service centers in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Tianjin and Wuhan, as well as the Company’s online platform. TAL Education Group is headquartered in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China. “ Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Benchmark Co. boosted their target price on shares of TAL Education Group to $137.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of TAL Education Group from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating and issued a $123.00 price target on shares of TAL Education Group in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Bank of America Corp began coverage on shares of TAL Education Group in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. They issued a buy rating on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $91.79. Shares of TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) traded up 0.34% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $117.47. 294,633 shares of the company traded hands. TAL Education Group has a 12-month low of $52.03 and a 12-month high of $123.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.60 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 90.36 and a beta of 0.34. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $106.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.36. TAL Education Group (NYSE:TAL) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.09. TAL Education Group had a net margin of 11.41% and a return on equity of 17.35%. The firm had revenue of $316.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $288.53 million. The firm’s revenue was up 80.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that TAL Education Group will post $2.05 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “TAL Education Group (TAL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/tal-education-group-tal-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. The business also recently announced a special dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 9th. TAL Education Group Company Profile TAL Education Group is a holding company for a group of companies engaged in provision of after-school tutoring programs for primary and secondary school students in the People’s Republic of China (the PRC). The Company is a K-12 after-school tutoring services provider in China. The Company’s Xueersi Peiyou small classes course consists of approximately four semesters, which include approximately two school semesters in Spring and Fall, and approximately two holiday semesters in summer and winter. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on TAL Education Group (TAL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for TAL Education Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TAL Education Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman GoDaddy Inc. Announces Proposed Follow-on Offering and Repurchase SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY), the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures, announced today an underwritten public offering of shares of Class A common stock pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Selling stockholders are offering 24,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and have also granted the underwriters an option to purchase 3,615,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. Selling stockholders participating in the offering include entities affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., Silver Lake Partners, Technology Crossover Ventures, and YAM Special Holdings, Inc., an entity owned by our founder, Bob Parsons. GoDaddy will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders.  GoDaddy is also offering 100,000 shares of its Class A common stock and intends to use the proceeds of the offering to pay the transaction expenses incurred in connection with the offering and any remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. In addition, GoDaddy announced that substantially concurrent with the completion of the offering, it expects to repurchase from the selling stockholders an aggregate of $275 million of limited liability company units of Desert Newco, LLC (together with a corresponding number of shares of GoDaddy's Class B common stock ) at the same per share price paid by the underwriters to the selling stockholders in the offering. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are acting as lead joint bookrunners for the offering. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as book-running managers for the offering. KKR Capital Markets LLC, Evercore Group L.L.C., JMP Securities LLC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co. are acting as co-managers for the offering. GoDaddy filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was effective upon filing on April 5, 2016, including a base prospectus dated April 5, 2016, and has filed a preliminary prospectus supplement dated May 3, 2017, to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in the registration statement, the related preliminary prospectus supplement and the other documents GoDaddy has filed with the SEC for more complete information about GoDaddy and this offering. The proposed offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, by telephone at (866) 718-1649 or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (866) 803-9204 or by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847 or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.  About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and more than 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. Source: GoDaddy Inc.     SOURCE GoDaddy Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Offerings, Semantic Web, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Aquatic Feed Additives Market Outlook to 2021: Emerging Trends and Will Generate New Growth Opportunities Status Next PostNext Native Whey Protein Market Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Search Recent Posts Building Information Modeling Market: Bim modelling Is Seen As Next Generation Process In Construction Industry Focusky is Recognized as Top Video Presentation Software for Education Smart Gifts for Brother Is Available at Jaw Dropping Prices at Gifts by Meeta Cody Butler Business Book Debuts No.1 On Amazon Best Seller List Glycerol Market to Cross USD 3 Billion by 2024 Worldwide | Hexa Research RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nord Anglia Education Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Robert W. Baird CLSA Reiterates Underperform Rating for Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Armada Hoffler Properties’ (AHH) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Federal Signal Co. (FSS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Atlantic Coast Financial Corp (ACFC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research DineEquity Inc (DIN) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Great Ajax Corp (AJX) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Bristow Group (BRS) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.44 Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $422.31 Million West Bancorporation, Inc. (wtba) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 on May 24th Waste Connections Inc (WCN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 8th CMS Energy’s (CMS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets C&J Energy Services Inc (CJES) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley CLSA Reiterates Underperform Rating for Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet CLSA reissued their underperform rating on shares of Nord Anglia Education Inc (NYSE:NORD) in a research note published on Thursday. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on NORD. TheStreet upgraded shares of Nord Anglia Education from a d rating to a c rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Nord Anglia Education from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $32.50 target price on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a buy rating and issued a $32.50 target price on shares of Nord Anglia Education in a report on Friday, April 28th. William Blair lowered shares of Nord Anglia Education from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Nord Anglia Education from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.57. Shares of Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) traded up 0.25% during trading on Thursday, hitting $32.18. The stock had a trading volume of 496,569 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $27.16 and a 200 day moving average of $24.02. The company has a market capitalization of $3.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 65.14 and a beta of 0.93. Nord Anglia Education has a 1-year low of $19.83 and a 1-year high of $32.99. Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.27 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.27. Nord Anglia Education had a net margin of 6.57% and a return on equity of 22.83%. The company had revenue of $259.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $262.11 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.27 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Nord Anglia Education will post $0.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “CLSA Reiterates Underperform Rating for Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/clsa-reiterates-underperform-rating-for-nord-anglia-education-inc-nord.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of NORD. Trexquant Investment LP purchased a new stake in shares of Nord Anglia Education during the fourth quarter worth about $200,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Nord Anglia Education by 286.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 23,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $603,000 after buying an additional 17,650 shares during the last quarter. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Nord Anglia Education during the fourth quarter worth about $1,109,000. Swiss National Bank increased its stake in shares of Nord Anglia Education by 5.9% in the third quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 59,021 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,285,000 after buying an additional 3,300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Nord Anglia Education by 37.3% in the first quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 54,691 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,386,000 after buying an additional 14,870 shares during the last quarter. 31.40% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Nord Anglia Education Nord Anglia Education, Inc is an operator of international schools. As of August 31, 2016, the Company taught over 37,000 students, from kindergarten through the end of secondary school (K-12), at its 43 schools in China, Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia and North America. The Company’s segments include China, Europe, Middle East (ME), Southeast Asia (SEA), North America and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ShoreTel Inc (SHOR) to Post Q4 2018 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Rating Reiterated by CLSA Arthur J Gallagher & Co’s (AJG) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Q4 2018 EPS Estimates for MarineMax Inc (HZO) Lifted by Analyst Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (BKD) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Bemis Company’s (BMS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Q4 2018 EPS Estimates for AFLAC Incorporated Cut by Analyst (AFL) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Raised by Analyst FY2018 EPS Estimates for KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Raised by Analyst FY2018 EPS Estimates for Icon Plc (ICLR) Raised by Analyst Brokers Offer Predictions for Meredith Co.’s FY2018 Earnings (MDP) Greenleaf Trust Acquires Shares of 5,927 Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Nomura Holdings Inc (NMR) Shares Bought by Greenleaf Trust Greenleaf Trust Acquires Shares of 52,507 AU Optronics Corp (AUO) 12,382 Shares in China Life Insurance Co Ltd (LFC) Acquired by Greenleaf Trust Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $635,000 Position in Aqua America Inc (WTR) Greenleaf Trust Purchases Shares of 13,489 Telefonica S.A. (TEF) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Shares Sold by BB&T Corp BB&T Corp Sells 12,215 Shares of Dollar General Corp. (DG) BB&T Corp Acquires 797 Shares of Baidu Inc (BIDU) Q4 2018 EPS Estimates for AFLAC Incorporated Cut by Analyst (AFL) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) – Equities researchers at Langen Mcalenn dropped their Q4 2018 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of AFLAC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. Langen Mcalenn analyst L. Greenberg now forecasts that the financial services provider will post earnings per share of $1.57 for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $1.58. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.05. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The firm had revenue of $5.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/q4-2018-eps-estimates-for-aflac-incorporated-cut-by-analyst-afl.html. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on AFL. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $66.00 price objective (up previously from $62.00) on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on shares of AFLAC from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of AFLAC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Vetr raised shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $73.71. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.24% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $74.84. 998,652 shares of the stock were exchanged. AFLAC has a 12 month low of $66.50 and a 12 month high of $76.88. The company has a market cap of $30.02 billion, a PE ratio of 12.17 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $73.11 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.07. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be paid a $0.43 dividend. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 22nd. AFLAC’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.75%. In related news, insider Audrey B. Tillman sold 900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.96, for a total value of $64,764.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,185 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,244,072.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Douglas Wayne Johnson sold 1,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.04, for a total transaction of $102,256.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 19,287 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,408,722.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. Company insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of AFL. HPM Partners LLC purchased a new position in AFLAC during the first quarter valued at about $563,000. Henderson Group PLC boosted its position in AFLAC by 1.3% in the first quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 55,517 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $4,020,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter. Boston Partners boosted its position in AFLAC by 3.0% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 1,563,571 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $113,234,000 after buying an additional 45,209 shares in the last quarter. Girard Partners LTD. boosted its position in AFLAC by 31.7% in the first quarter. Girard Partners LTD. now owns 5,453 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $395,000 after buying an additional 1,314 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO boosted its position in AFLAC by 3.8% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO now owns 18,074 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,309,000 after buying an additional 663 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 62.45% of the company’s stock. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Sensient Technologies Co.’s FY2018 Earnings (SXT) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for PRA Health Sciences Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (PRAH) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Goldcorp Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (G) Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Daxor Co. (DXR) Downgraded by TheStreet Southern Co (SO) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Clarus Securities Comments on Essential Energy Services Ltd’s FY2018 Earnings (ESN) Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.15 EPS Exelon Co. (EXC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Upgraded at TheStreet Axa SA (CS) Given a €26.10 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Raised to “B” at TheStreet Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Interface, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (TILE) Bridge Creek Capital Management LLC Sells 275 Shares of Kellogg Company (K) Exane Derivatives Acquires New Stake in TICC Capital Corp. (TICC) Oneok Partners LP (OKS) Stake Held by North Star Investment Management Corp. North Star Investment Management Corp. Continues to Hold Position in Aon plc Class A (AON) BB&T Corp Has $4.28 Million Position in Hooker Furniture Co. (HOFT) BB&T Corp Has $3.903 Million Stake in Royal Bank of Canada (RY) North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $282,000 Stake in NCR Co. (NCR) Axa SA (CS) Given a €26.10 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc set a €26.10 ($28.37) price target on Axa SA (EPA:CS) in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Baader Bank set a €26.50 ($28.80) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.00 ($26.09) price objective on Axa SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. S&P Global set a €26.00 ($28.26) price objective on Axa SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €25.20 ($27.39) price objective on Axa SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.50 ($29.89) price objective on Axa SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Axa SA presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €25.07 ($27.25). Axa SA (EPA:CS) traded up 1.003% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching €25.165. 7,962,347 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of €60.88 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.946. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is €23.86 and its 200-day moving average price is €23.02. Axa SA has a 1-year low of €16.11 and a 1-year high of €25.60. WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/axa-sa-cs-given-a-26-10-price-target-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special When Can You Retire? This Tells You Instantly. See More. Home | Street Talk Tags: Treasury | Ultra | Long | Bonds | Demand | Investor Treasury Studies Ultra-Long Bonds as Panel Sees Demand Limit (DreamsTime) Wednesday, 03 May 2017 02:35 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The U.S. Treasury is studying the “costs and benefits” of ultra-long bonds, even as the department’s borrowing advisory panel said it prefers boosting sales of debt with maturities of 30 years or less. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has formed an internal working group to study ultra-long bonds, a department official told reporters Wednesday. Their work will be assessed along with feedback from the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee, whose members include representatives from JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citadel, Pimco and Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin said Monday on Bloomberg Television that ultra-long bond issuance could “absolutely” make sense to help finance the U.S. government, an idea also backed by Gary Cohn, the top economic adviser in the White House. Mnuchin and his staff met with the borrowing committee the following day to discuss that and other matters during a standard gathering before the quarterly refunding announcements, the department official said. The Treasury asked members of TBAC to comment on demand and structure of 50- and 100-year bonds, according to documents released by the department in Washington. The committee said it doesn’t see evidence of “notably strong or sustainable demand” for ultra-long bonds, adding however that issuing more longer-term debt could make sense if Treasury wanted to raise its borrowing capacity. “The ultra-long issuance is still possible, but given TBAC’s comments the market sees it as less likely,’’ said Nils Overdahl , a senior bond-fund manager at New Century Advisors. The key is “you have to have someone willing to buy these bonds. It is one thing for politicians to give conjecture but you need the research to be done.’’ The yield on the benchmark 30-year note, the longest maturity now offered by Treasury, fell 0.02 percentage points to 2.95 percent, while yields on all other tenors were higher Wednesday -- resulting in what is know as a flattening of the yield curve. Thirty-year bond yields rose Monday after Mnuchin’s comments made the issuance seem likely. The committee advised the possible return of a 20-year bond as well as increased sales of 10- and 30-year bonds. It also asked the debt-management office to continue studying issuance of debt with maturities of 40 or 50 years, adding “the 100-year bond is not worth considering.” Input from TBAC and other market participants will be rolled into a wider analysis on longer-dated bonds, and Treasury will provide an update during a future refunding statement, Monique Rollins, Treasury’s acting assistant secretary for financial markets, said at a press briefing in Washington. The Treasury could still add a new longer-term maturity even given the less-than-positive feedback from its borrowing committee, added Overdahl. The Treasury said the Federal Reserve’s potential decision to shrink its balance sheet “could affect Treasury’s net marketable borrowing from the public over the coming year.” The department would likely need to increase borrowing from the public, probably starting with more bills before moving on to longer-term debt. For an explanation of how shrinking the balance sheet could affect Treasury, click here The the Fed’s balance-sheet policy has implications for the Treasury as its maintaining its $2.46 trillion in Treasuries. By rolling them over into new debt as they mature, it’s reduced the government’s borrowing needs from the public. Last year, the Fed bought about $216 billion of Treasuries through noncompetitive bids to keep its holdings steady. In 2017, reinvestments will amount in total to $136 billion before surging to $426 billion in 2018 and $357 billion in 2019. Debt Limit The Treasury also said Wednesday it will maintain at $62 billion the issuance of longer-term debt for the sixth straight quarter. The department will sell $24 billion in three-year notes on May 9, $23 billion in 10-year notes on May 10 and $15 billion in 30-year bonds on May 11, it said in its quarterly refunding announcement of longer-term debt sales. The auctions will raise about $12.3 billion in new cash, it said. The Treasury plans to target a cash balance at $200 billion over the quarter. This cash buffer was $222 billion as of May 1. The department has been using extraordinary accounting measures to continue to meet its financing needs and stay under the debt-limit since its previous suspension expired in March. Most analysts project the Treasury can continue with these measures before hitting the federal debt limit, which is set by Congress, until the October-November period -- at which point Congress must either lift it or suspend it again. In a statement Wednesday, the department said the extraordinary measures will be exhausted “sometime in the second half of 2017” and urged Congress to protect the full faith and credit of the U.S. by raising the cap or suspending it as soon as possible. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk TBAC prefers reviving 20-year and more 10- and 30-year debt; ‘The 100-year bond is not worth considering,’ committee says Treasury, Ultra, Long, Bonds, Demand, Investor 781 Wednesday, 03 May 2017 02:35 PM 2017-35-03 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Sparks Fears of Tax War Against China, Other Countries Wednesday, 03 May 2017 | 76 comments So, the United States doesn't have the right for a good Deal or Prosperity... David Stockman: Trump's Tax Plan Is 'Dead on Arrival' Monday, 01 May 2017 | 75 comments '"It's a wonderful fantasy, he said of Trumps tax proposal. But there's no... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 38 comments This is a very good idea from Trump. Good for the fiscal deficit; good for... Trump Says He's Considering Moves to Break Up Wall Street Banks Monday, 01 May 2017 | 39 comments Let's do it!... US Economic Growth Weakened to 0.7 Percent in First Quarter Friday, 28 Apr 2017 | 18 comments These numbers are fake news....Just ask Trump. In his world everything is... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-Credit Suisse hires IPO banker Walsh from Bank of America Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Wed May 3, 2017 | 2:54pm EDT MOVES-Credit Suisse hires IPO banker Walsh from Bank of America By Lauren Hirsch May 3 Credit Suisse Group AG has hired Matt Walsh as a managing director and co-head of its technology, media & telecom (TMT) equity capital markets (ECM) group, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters and confirmed by a spokesman on Wednesday. Walsh, who will start in July and be based in San Francisco, was most recently co-head of TMT ECM at Bank of America Corp . He will work alongside John Kolz, Credit Suisse's co-head of TMT and healthcare ECM. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch in 2003, Walsh worked at investment banks JPMorgan Chase & Co and Putnam Lovell. Walsh's past IPO work includes software company MuleSoft Inc earlier this year and business focused social networking company LinkedIn Corp in 2011. Credit Suisse has been on some of the largest technology IPOs in recent years, including Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014 and disappearing message company Snap Inc earlier this year. (Reporting by Lauren Hirsch in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Funds News UPDATE 1-Apple to create $1 billion U.S. advanced manufacturing fund SAN FRANCISCO, May 3 Apple Inc plans to create a $1 billion fund to invest in U.S. companies that perform advanced manufacturing, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said on Wednesday, the iPhone maker's latest effort to show how it is creating U.S. jobs. UPDATE 1-U.S. Senate votes to repeal Labor Dept rule on state-run retirement plans WASHINGTON, May 3 The U.S. Senate voted narrowly on Wednesday to repeal an exemption from strict federal protections that former President Barack Obama's Labor Department had given to state-sponsored retirement savings plans for lower-income workers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Lincoln National (LNC) Share Price Strayer Education Inc (STRA) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations USA Technologies (USAT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Platform Specialty Products Corp (PAH) Stock Price Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Issues Earnings Results Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results LPL Financial Holdings Inc Expected to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.76 Per Share (LPLA) Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Apogee Enterprises Inc (APOG) Raised by Analyst FBR & Co Research Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Independence Contract Drilling Inc (ICD) Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Receives “Hold” Rating from TD Securities Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Price Target Raised to $45.00 TD Securities Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Genworth MI Canada’s (MIC) Sector Perform Rating Reaffirmed at National Bank Financial Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Receives Outperform Rating from National Bank Financial Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Price Target Lowered to C$49.00 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Loblaw Companies Ltd (L) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank Paramount Resources’ (POU) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Acquires 106 Shares of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Continues to Hold Position in First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Increases Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Issues Earnings Results May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC) released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday. The financial services provider reported $0.39 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.03. The company earned $34.39 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $36.24 million. Solar Capital had a return on equity of 7.83% and a net margin of 50.98%. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded down 4.25% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $21.62. 212,465 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $22.43 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.41. Solar Capital has a 12 month low of $17.63 and a 12 month high of $22.94. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd were paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 7.09%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 21st. Solar Capital’s dividend payout ratio is presently 89.89%. Several analysts have issued reports on SLRC shares. Compass Point started coverage on shares of Solar Capital in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $22.40 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Solar Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services downgraded shares of Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. National Securities raised their price objective on shares of Solar Capital from $22.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $22.34. In related news, insider Michael S. Gross purchased 19,666 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $22.28 per share, for a total transaction of $438,158.48. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 165,894 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,696,118.32. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 5.80% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Green Square Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 1.1% in the third quarter. Green Square Capital LLC now owns 10,409 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $218,000 after buying an additional 110 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 18.2% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 11,062 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $230,000 after buying an additional 1,700 shares in the last quarter. Crow Point Partners LLC bought a new stake in shares of Solar Capital during the third quarter valued at approximately $267,000. California Public Employees Retirement System bought a new stake in shares of Solar Capital during the third quarter valued at approximately $277,000. Finally, Horizon Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Horizon Investments LLC now owns 13,343 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $278,000 after buying an additional 98 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 59.26% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/solar-capital-ltd-slrc-issues-earnings-results.html. Solar Capital Company Profile Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JAKKS Pacific Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Price Target to $77.00 Cowen and Company Raises Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Price Target to $42.00 Deutsche Bank AG Trims Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Target Price to $79.00 JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Source Energy Services Ltd (SHLE) Given a C$17.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Trinidad Drilling Ltd. (TDG) Price Target Raised to C$4.50 Langen Mcalenn Weighs in on Arthur J Gallagher & Co’s Q4 2017 Earnings (AJG) Qumu Corp (QUMU) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Denny's Co. (DENN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Qumu Corp (QUMU) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Telenav Inc (TNAV) Updates Q4 Earnings Guidance Keith J. Henderson Acquires 100,000 Shares of Desert Star Resources Ltd (DSR) Stock Capital Senior Living Co. (CSU) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS MRC Global (MRC) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.46 Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Spanish Broadcasting System (SBSA) Stock Price First Merchants Co. (FRME) Plans Dividend Increase – $0.18 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Will Post Earnings of $0.24 Per Share Analysts Expect Summit Materials Inc (SUM) to Post -$0.48 Earnings Per Share Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for Nokia Oyj Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (NOK) Scotiabank Analysts Give Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) a C$1.20 Price Target JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAKK) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Friday morning. According to Zacks, “JAKKS Pacific’s loss of $1.01 per share was wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $0.97 and remained flat year over year (y/y). Revenues decreased 1.2% year over year to $94.5 million but beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of by over 5%. Going forward, the company’s global expansion efforts, product launches and organic growth initiatives are likely to drive growth. Also, collaborations with popular brands, attempt to diversify product portfolio along with licensing agreements with well-liked movie and television franchises should boost sales. Yet, a challenging retail environment, adverse forex translations, age compression and the shift to alternative modes of entertainment like smartphones remain threats to the top line. Also, shares of the company have widely underperformed the Zacks categorized Toys/Games/Hobby Products industry in the last one year.” Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on shares of JAKKS Pacific from $5.50 to $6.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. B. Riley reiterated a neutral rating and issued a $5.00 price target on shares of JAKKS Pacific in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, JAKKS Pacific presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $6.50. JAKKS Pacific (NASDAQ:JAKK) traded down 1.02% on Friday, reaching $4.85. 55,717 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. JAKKS Pacific has a 12-month low of $4.62 and a 12-month high of $9.75. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $5.28 and a 200-day moving average of $5.82. The company has a market cap of $87.80 million, a P/E ratio of 303.12 and a beta of 0.69. JAKKS Pacific (NASDAQ:JAKK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported ($1.01) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.97) by $0.04. The business earned $94.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $87.68 million. JAKKS Pacific had a negative net margin of 0.07% and a negative return on equity of 0.37%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($1.01) earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that JAKKS Pacific will post $0.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/jakks-pacific-inc-jakk-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of JAKKS Pacific by 114.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 752,450 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,501,000 after buying an additional 401,321 shares during the last quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. increased its position in shares of JAKKS Pacific by 108.4% in the first quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 650,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,575,000 after buying an additional 338,129 shares during the last quarter. Oasis Management Co Ltd. increased its position in shares of JAKKS Pacific by 17.2% in the fourth quarter. Oasis Management Co Ltd. now owns 1,395,834 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,189,000 after buying an additional 204,681 shares during the last quarter. Prudential PLC increased its position in shares of JAKKS Pacific by 6.6% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 748,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,856,000 after buying an additional 46,200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wall Street Associates purchased a new position in shares of JAKKS Pacific during the fourth quarter valued at about $237,000. About JAKKS Pacific JAKKS Pacific, Inc is a multi-line, multi-brand toy company. The Company designs, produces, markets and distributes toys and related products, pet toys, consumables and related products, electronics and related products, kids indoor and outdoor furniture, and other consumer products. The Company operates through two business segments: traditional toys and electronics, and role play, novelty and seasonal toys. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on JAKKS Pacific (JAKK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies US private hiring slows, services growth speeds up in April Business Standard Brexit impact: JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU AP/PTI  |  London  May 3, 2017 Last Updated at 23:41 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVdWRt ALSO READ Bankers meet UK PM Theresa May as they plan own Brexit BOE to make banks ready for disorderly Brexit as May to start talks with EU Dublin is best EU city for bankers fleeing Brexit: Study Standard Chartered considering Frankfurt as its next EU base after Brexit Brexit: Trade deal between Britain EU could take 10 years, yet fail The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase and Company says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union (EU). Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News on Tuesday some will move "in the short term to be ready for day one." More may follow. Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as "passporting." But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. Read More On Jpmorgan | Brexit | European Union | Eu | Britain | London | Dublin | Frankfurt | Luxembourg | Uk | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Brexit impact: JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase and Company says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union (EU). Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News on Tuesday some will move "in the short term to be ready for day one." More may follow. Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as "passporting." But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. AP/PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Brexit impact: JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU The head of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase and Company says the bank will move hundreds of jobs from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as Britain prepares to leave the European Union (EU). Daniel Pinto told Bloomberg News on Tuesday some will move "in the short term to be ready for day one." More may follow. Some international banks have used the UK as a jumping off point to conduct business across the EU under an arrangement known as "passporting." But the banks could lose access to the other 27 EU countries if Britain opts to break away from the EU single market. JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jamie Dimon has told employees in the past that as many as 4,000 people could be relocated depending on how the Brexit negotiations play out. AP/PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Earns Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Alphabet’s (GOOG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Raises POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Price Target to $85.00 Microsoft’s (MSFT) Buy Rating Reiterated at Sanford C. Bernstein Macquarie Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Aegis Reaffirms Buy Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Carroll Bancorp Inc (CROL) Director Leo A. Vondas Purchases 8,731 Shares Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Buys 350 Shares of TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Purchases New Position in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Buys Shares of 6,000 Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Cuts Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Position Held by Access Financial Services Inc. Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in Apache Co. (APA) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Acquires Shares of 33,344 Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Purchases New Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Earnings Beat KeyCorp Weighs in on Under Armour Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (UAA) Brokers Set Expectations for EQT Co.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (EQT) Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Gap Up After Analyst Upgrade Alphabet’s (GOOG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reissued their buy rating on shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in a report published on Friday. Several other research firms also recently weighed in on GOOG. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $1,050.00 price target (up previously from $935.00) on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $1,050.00 price target (up previously from $1,000.00) on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Atlantic Securities reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, April 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and forty-two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $965.38. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded up 0.50% on Friday, reaching $921.05. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 61,932 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $633.08 billion, a PE ratio of 30.59 and a beta of 0.94. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $843.80 and a 200-day moving average of $808.99. Alphabet has a one year low of $663.28 and a one year high of $922.44. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The firm earned $24.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.18 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $7.50 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Alphabet will post $33.85 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alphabet’s (GOOG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/alphabets-goog-buy-rating-reiterated-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. In related news, VP James Grier Campbell sold 366 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $902.72, for a total transaction of $330,395.52. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director John L. Hennessy sold 300 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $833.33, for a total transaction of $249,999.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 8 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,666.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 181,805 shares of company stock valued at $148,706,807. Insiders own 13.92% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the third quarter valued at about $102,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $115,000. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $142,000. Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $150,000. Finally, Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the first quarter valued at about $170,000. 34.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest How technology mitigated a crisis in student loan ABS Wells Fargo’s chief marketer talks navigating a crisis Ocwen goes on the offense in fight with regulators Have rogue employees met their match in AI? Freddie's serious delinquencies are seriously low search goes here How technology mitigated a crisis in student loan ABS By Allison Bisbey Published May 03 2017, 1:47pm EDT More in Securitization Capital markets Student lending Bank technology Print Email Reprints Share Share on Generous repayment plans have soured many investors on bonds backed by federally guaranteed student loans. But it could have been worse. These programs slow the rate of repayment on Federal Family Education Loans, putting the bonds they back at risk of technical default if the securities fail to pay off at maturity. When Moody’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings raised the alarm early in 2015, eventually putting some $100 billion of bonds under review for downgrade, the market sold off heavily. New issuance ground to a halt. Yet Navient and Nelnet, the two largest student loan servicers, avoided downgrades on some $18 billion of FFELP bonds. They did so using a strategy that, at first, did not seem promising: extending the maturities of the bonds. While simple in principle, this solution was complicated by a requirement that 100% of investors in a tranche approve the change. Without consent from every single holder, no matter how small, an amendment cannot pass. Their efforts were aided by DealVector, an online registry of asset ownership and messaging platform, which helped the two servicers identify holders and collect votes. Over the past year, the two servicers have sent about 165 tranches out for consent; some 60% of those were successful, and about 10% are still in process. The total original face value of tranches passed to date exceeds $18 billion. This undoubtedly helped restore confidence in the sector, allowing Navient and Nelnet to resume issuing FFELP bonds, even though some investors, including banks and credit unions, continue to view the asset class skeptically. “If we hadn’t been able to extend maturities, it definitely would have been harder to sell FFELP bonds,” said Greer McCurley, executive head of capital markets at Nelnet. The market revival, in turn, encouraged banks to resume unloading FFELP portfolios. In April, Navient (which did not respond to a request for interviews) reached a deal to acquire $3.7 billion of FFELP from JPMorgan Chase. So far this year, it has issued nearly $3 billion in FFELP bonds. Nelnet completed a single, $426 million FFELP securitization in October; it has yet to come to market this year. The company also completed a private student loan securitization, in December. Why consent solicitations are hard Like other kinds of financial assets, FFELP bonds are held “in street name” by a brokerage firm, bank, or dealer on behalf of a purchaser, obscuring their true ownership. This isn’t just a problem for consent solicitations; it also imposes large costs on determining an appropriate price for a security, forming creditor classes, and many other events requiring communication among deal participants. This is how the consent process normally works: An issuer sends consent forms to the trustee, which needs to log onto the Depository Trust Company and complete a form, which then goes out through different systems to the custodian. The custodian must process it and send it to the beneficial owner’s back office, which then needs to deliver it to the appropriate portfolio manager. There are multiple opportunities for delays. “I talked to one portfolio manager who didn’t see a consent sent through the normal channels for five days, and that was quick,” said DealVector co-founder and CEO Michael Manning. “Ten to 13 days is the typical lag time. Some didn’t even receive it until the day before the deadline, at which point it became a huge fire drill.” By comparison, when investors register directly with DealVector, “on the same day that Navient provides consents to trustees, they give it to DealVector. We load it into the system, and it’s in a portfolio manager’s inbox within 20 to 25 minutes.” Investors who register their holdings can also download documents and see what other holdings are registered. When they vote, DealVector can prepopulate information, and it allows them to use an electronic signature. “From an investor standpoint, it’s been a fairly simple process,” said Tim Sustak, chief credit officer at Vizo Financial, a corporate credit union that has been involved in 10 or 12 consents to extend the maturities of FFELP bonds it holds. Sustak said that Vizo gets consent solicitations from its third-party custodian as well as from DealVector, and was informed about what was happening to FFELP bonds and why. Still, using an online platform “put some extra grease on the wheel,” particularly for deals that were not extended on the first try. “It’s another check and balance,” he said. As in other walks of life, new technology offers a bird’s-eye view of the situation. “For a given deal, I can see how much each custodian has under custody, so I can call one and say, ‘We’re missing [consents on] $100 million; can you send reminders to the beneficial holders?’ ” Manning said. “These tools allow us to work the investor end, the brokers and custodians all at the same time.” Another feature that contributed to the success of some consent solicitations is a message center that allows beneficial owners to communicate without revealing their identities. In one example, a holder said it was in favor of extending maturity, but by a shorter period of time. Many other investors responded positively and as a result, rather than extend the consent period, the issuer let the consent expire and came out with a new election with a modified maturity date. That helped the consent get passed very quickly. “Since 100% of investors must consent, everyone’s got equal power in the conversation,” Manning said. Navient was the first to partner with the vendor and its first consents went out around March 2016, Manning said. Nelnet did its first consents some four months later, in July 2016, he said. DealVector contacted numerous other FFELP issuers to offer assistance; however, no other firms retained its services. “For some other issuers, issuance has diminished greatly, some aren’t issuing anymore, and they are less inclined to go through the process of extending legal final maturities,” he said. It’s not clear how much more FFELP bonds might have sold off if Navient and Nelnet hadn’t been able to extend the maturities of so many bonds, avoiding, or in some cases reversing, downgrades. The servicers took other actions to avoid downgrades, including repurchasing bad loans from securitization trusts and calling bonds at risk of not paying off at maturity. However, neither Fitch nor Moody’s looks at these other strategies as favorably as it does maturity extensions. And there was another mitigating factor, according to several industry participants: The lengthy process of revising rating criteria and reviewing billions of dollars of FFELP bonds gave investors plenty of time to get “credit comfortable” with the possibility of a technical default. Many were able to tweak their investment guidelines, allowing them to hold on to the bonds in the event of a downgrade, since the underlying loans are guaranteed by the U.S. government. The lengthy ratings review process also gave Navient and Nelnet plenty of lead time soliciting consents. By the time the first downgrade was announced in September 2016, Navient had already extended the maturities of $6.8 billion of bonds. Nevertheless, McCurley said that Nelnet would not even have tried to extend the maturities of bonds without a platform like DealVector. “They really made an unmanageable process very manageable.” Some investors still leery of FFELP Moody’s concluded its sectorwide review in December; it ended up downgrading roughly $46.6 billion of FFELP bonds, or about half of 504 tranches of 194 transactions that it originally had under review; most of the securities downgraded were originally rated Aaa; some were cut to below investment grade. As of February, Fitch had downgraded 105 of the 629 tranches it had under review, affirmed another 620 tranches and upgraded 42; 37 were paid in full and 45 remained under review, in some cases because the issuer was soliciting maturity amendments. Fred Eisel, chief investment officer at Vizo, said the credit union learned from the financial crisis that, “rather than divest hastily, sometimes you’ve got to let a situation play out to see how it evolves. We were under no pressure to sell and wanted to take our time to analyze the situation and the rating agencies’ actions.” However, “we have to be sure why we continue to hold a bond that may be downgraded,” and Vizo isn’t looking to add to its FFELP bond holdings, either. Out of perhaps 30 FFELP bonds in the portfolio, six to eight may have been affected by the change in ratings criteria, Eisel said. Some of the FFELP securities the institution holds had their triple-A credit ratings reaffirmed after being on watch. Meanwhile, spreads have continued to come in. “There are one or two bonds we might want to divest, just to clean up the portfolio,” Eisel said. “But otherwise, we’re not divesting our FFELP holdings and just allowing this portfolio to pay down naturally.” As a corporate credit union, Vizo provides liquidity to its member credit unions. “We need to make some yield, but we are really focused on liquidity,” Eisel said. “Asset-backed student loans are not as liquid as some other securities we purchase.” This article originally appeared in Asset Securitization Report. Allison Bisbey More from this Author Reg burden forces community bank to unload CLO business Securitization, blockchain trade groups team up PHH to Sell Remaining MSRs for $912M Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Your Evening Briefing Here are today’s top stories for Europe. Bloomberg News May 3, 2017, 12:19 PM EDT The evening briefing will soon be available in your inbox every day. Sign up here. Another day, another Brexit disagreement. U.K. Brexit Secretary David Davis this morning flatly rejected paying as much as €100 billion ($109 billion) to leave the EU, and threatened to walk away without a deal if provoked. Moments later, the EU’s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, reinforced the bloc’s hardline approach to talks, saying he insists on “settling the accounts” before discussing a trade deal. Those talks haven’t even started yet. — Andy Reinhardt The bank Brexodus is getting under way. JPMorgan Chase says it will move hundreds of employees from London to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg after Britain leaves the EU. Banks are preparing for the possibility that the U.K. will lose access to the European single market. Standard Chartered has also settled on an EU base, choosing Frankfurt. Can Emmanuel Macron learn when to stop talking? Macron, the front-runner in the French election, speaks in a technocratic vocabulary with long-winded sentences. Macron’s style makes it hard for him to reach some voters, especially up against soundbite-spinning rival Marine Le Pen. The two candidates face off in a 2-1/2 hour debate tonight. Follow our live blog starting at 8:40 pm CET. A wheel loader moves soybean meal held before transportation in a grain storage at the European Bulk Services terminal at the Port of Rotterdam. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Beyond metals and oil. Swiss commodities giant Glencore is growing into a major player in agribusiness, taking on established rivals such as Archer-Daniels-Midland and Cargill. The independent Glencore Agriculture unit ships and stores products ranging from wheat and pulses to sugar and cotton. Its next ambition is breaking into the huge U.S. market, where it now has no presence. There’s an energy boom going on in the Arctic. Oil companies are expected to drill a record number of wells in the Barents Sea off Norway’s northern tip this year. The area is ideal for drilling—it’s largely ice-free and shallow. And the prize is huge: the Barents Sea contains more than 17 billion barrels of oil and gas, or almost 65 percent of Norway’s undiscovered resources, according to estimates. Norway is betting on the region to boost its oil industry, whose production has fallen by half since 2000. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up “Dad, did they name the shoe after you or you after the shoe?” Legendary tennis player Stan Smith says his son once asked him that question about the Adidas sneaker launched in the ’70s. The Stan Smith, made of white leather with pale green accents, has recently made one of the greatest comebacks in marketing history. It’s all thanks to a campaign designed to look grassroots but which was in fact choreographed from start to finish. Read the inside story of how Adidas made an old shoe a must-have. Hospitality gold. From trendy cocktail bars to hip hostelries, everything that Pierre-Charles Cros and Xavier Padovani touch seems to pay off. The pair have just launched their latest venture, the Henrietta Hotel at London’s Covent Garden. The nightlife impresarios share some of their favorite haunts for eating, drinking and shopping in the British capital with Bloomberg’s Nikki Ekstein. Covent Garden, the once-touristy, suddenly cool-again neighborhood that’s home to the Henrietta Hotel. Photographer: Shomos Uddin/Getty Images Compiled by Andy Reinhardt and Leila Taha Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services Announces Joseph Giordano as New President MINNEAPOLIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–U.S. Bank has announced that Joseph Giordano has been named president of its Global Corporate Trust Services (GCTS) division. Giordano, who currently serves as senior vice president and head of the municipal and corporate divisions of GCTS, will take over as president effective June 1, 2017. Giordano has more than 35 years of experience in corporate trust and the financial services industry, and helped lead U.S. Bank’s CDO team to 53 percent market share in little more than four years. Prior to U.S. Bank, Giordano served in senior roles at J.P. Morgan Chase, where he managed CDO, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, and municipal and corporate business. “Joe has the deep experience and unwavering commitment to client success that I firmly believe will take our Global Corporate Trust Services division to an even higher level of service,” said Gunjan Kedia, vice chairman of U.S. Bank Wealth Management & Securities Services. “We are thrilled that he will be leading what is already a high-performing team of corporate trust professionals.” Giordano is succeeding Bryan Calder as president of Global Corporate Trust Services, who has announced his plans to retire this summer. Calder has been with U.S. Bank since 2002 and has been instrumental in building the GCTS business into one of the leading providers of corporate trust and escrow services, guiding the team to a #1 or #2 ranking in all GCTS products during the past three years. “Bryan has done an exemplary job in growing our corporate trust business into the industry leader it is today, and the most trusted choice among clients. He has demonstrated a commitment to doing the right thing by our clients and putting their best interests first,” Kedia said. “We wish him all the best in his retirement.” About U.S. Bancorp Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB), with $450 billion in assets as of March 31, 2017, is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth largest commercial bank in the United States. The Company operates 3,091 banking offices in 25 states and 4,838 ATMs and provides a comprehensive line of banking, investment, mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses and institutions. Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at www.usbank.com. About U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services is a leading provider of corporate trust services in the United States and Europe, serving private and public companies, government and tax-exempt entities and financial services companies. Global Corporate Trust Services operates a network of 51 domestic offices and two international locations in London and Dublin. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press Kit: Young Adulthood from 1975 to 2016 Next PostNext Putnam Investments Names Katherine Collins Head of Sustainable Investing Search Recent Posts Global Generic Drug Market will reach USD 380.60 Billion by 2021: Zion Market Research Biodegradable Packaging Market Value Share, Supply Demand, share and Value Chain 2014-2020 Chondrodite Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2015 to 2021 Supply Chain Analytics Global Market Survey with Competition, Trends, SWOT Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Next Generation Biometrics Market Need, Size, Competition and Analysis with Customer Survey – Forecast 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/what-to-play-ahead-of-fridays-payroll-report-1493826593 Focus on Funds What to Play Ahead of Friday’s Payroll Report JPMorgan's equity derivatives strategist Shawn Quigg likes the risk/reward of owning XLF puts and TLT calls. By Crystal Kim Updated May 3, 2017 11:55 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large U.S. economic results have softened lately. March CPI, personal income and spending results all came in below expectations. April consumer confidence was underwhelming and Ford (F) and General Motors (GM) monthly auto sales disappointed, again. That's why JPMorgan global quantitative and derivatives strategist Shawn Quigg recommends buying Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) puts and iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT) calls ahead of Friday's payroll report. More bad news could result in a significant shift of the market's view of U.S. economic momentum and the trajectory of rates in the near term, says Quigg. He likes the reward/risk profile of buying XLF May 5th 23.50 strike puts for $0.08 and/or the TLT May 5th 122 strike calls for $0.33. Quigg says: If Friday's payroll report disappoints, the back-to-back weaker results may cause investors to further question the economy's momentum, and begin to push 10-year Treasury yields back into their long-term bear channel. A risk-off scenario in the Financials is then likely to occur as investors more seriously question the health of the economy and the upside potential in rates. Additionally, investors may have further reason to de-risk on Friday heading into the second round of French Presidential elections on Sunday. LPL Financial's chief wealth strategist Matthew Peterson and senior market strategist Ryan Detrick says that a slowdown in job creation is to be expected. In a report published today, they wrote: Remember, jobs have been positive for a record 78 consecutive months, and job creation would likely need to slow to a sustained 25,000-50,000 per month to signal that a recession may be imminent. In fact, December 2010 and January 2011 were the last time there were back-to-back months with less than 100,000 jobs created. A report in line with estimates would keep the Fed on track to raise rates two more times in 2017, but a potential slowdown in job creation and lack of acceleration in wages would likely lower expectations. Text Size Regular Medium Large FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR ETF ISHARES 20+ YEAR TREASURY BOND ETF PREVIOUS When Apple Bites Back NEXT Wheee! A Quadruple-Leveraged S&P 500 ETF is Here Most Popular Apple: Buy the Dip The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Coca-Cola Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Coca-Cola Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harsco Co. (HSC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Noble Midstream Partners LP (NBLX) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Updates Q Earnings Guidance Cogentix Medical Inc (CGNT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS The Coca-Cola’s (KO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Ichor Holdings’ (ICHR) Buy Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Receives Buy Rating from Wedbush Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research XO Group Inc (XOXO) Stake Increased by First Midwest Bank Trust Division IFP Advisors Inc Buys 861 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Stake Cut by First Midwest Bank Trust Division Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Stake Increased by First Midwest Bank Trust Division IFP Advisors Inc Buys 695 Shares of Allstate Corp (ALL) George Andrew Riedel Sells 2,499 Shares of Xperi Co. (XPER) Stock Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) Stake Reduced by First Midwest Bank Trust Division First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $319,000 Position in Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Shares Bought by Leavell Investment Management Inc. Morgan Stanley (MS) Shares Bought by First Midwest Bank Trust Division First Midwest Bank Trust Division Raises Stake in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) The Coca-Cola’s (KO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG restated their buy rating on shares of The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. Credit Suisse Group AG currently has a $49.00 price target on the stock. KO has been the topic of several other reports. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $48.00 price target on The Coca-Cola and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Wells Fargo & Co lowered The Coca-Cola from an outperform rating to a market perform rating and boosted their price target for the company from $41.05 to $41.29 in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC set a $43.00 price target on The Coca-Cola and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on The Coca-Cola in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a neutral rating and a $43.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a sell rating and set a $39.00 price target on shares of The Coca-Cola in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The Coca-Cola has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $44.39. Shares of The Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) traded down 0.05% on Thursday, hitting $43.37. The stock had a trading volume of 4,036,882 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $42.69 and its 200 day moving average is $41.86. The Coca-Cola has a 1-year low of $39.88 and a 1-year high of $46.01. The stock has a market cap of $185.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.52 and a beta of 0.69. The Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The Coca-Cola had a net margin of 15.59% and a return on equity of 32.94%. The firm had revenue of $9.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.85 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.45 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 11.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that The Coca-Cola will post $1.88 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “The Coca-Cola’s (KO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/the-coca-colas-ko-buy-rating-reiterated-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.37 per share. This represents a $1.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. The Coca-Cola’s dividend payout ratio is 93.33%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Portfolio Solutions LLC purchased a new position in The Coca-Cola during the first quarter valued at about $108,000. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in The Coca-Cola by 5.0% in the first quarter. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,725 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 129 shares in the last quarter. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new position in The Coca-Cola during the fourth quarter valued at about $115,000. Barnett & Company Inc. increased its position in The Coca-Cola by 27.7% in the third quarter. Barnett & Company Inc. now owns 2,837 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 616 shares in the last quarter. Finally, SRS Capital Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in The Coca-Cola during the fourth quarter valued at about $127,000. 63.88% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. The Coca-Cola Company Profile The Coca-Cola Company is a beverage company. The Company owns or licenses and markets non-alcoholic beverage brands, primarily sparkling beverages and a range of still beverages, such as waters, flavored waters and enhanced waters, juices and juice drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coffees, sports drinks, dairy and energy drinks. Receive News & Ratings for The Coca-Cola Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Coca-Cola Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services Announces Joseph Giordano as New President Giordano is succeeding Bryan Calder, who is retiring this summer Joe Giordano, U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services (Photo: Business Wire). Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 03, 2017 01:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--U.S. Bank has announced that Joseph Giordano has been named president of its Global Corporate Trust Services (GCTS) division. Giordano, who currently serves as senior vice president and head of the municipal and corporate divisions of GCTS, will take over as president effective June 1, 2017. Giordano has more than 35 years of experience in corporate trust and the financial services industry, and helped lead U.S. Bank’s CDO team to 53 percent market share in little more than four years. Prior to U.S. Bank, Giordano served in senior roles at J.P. Morgan Chase, where he managed CDO, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, and municipal and corporate business. “Joe has the deep experience and unwavering commitment to client success that I firmly believe will take our Global Corporate Trust Services division to an even higher level of service,” said Gunjan Kedia, vice chairman of U.S. Bank Wealth Management & Securities Services. “We are thrilled that he will be leading what is already a high-performing team of corporate trust professionals.” Giordano is succeeding Bryan Calder as president of Global Corporate Trust Services, who has announced his plans to retire this summer. Calder has been with U.S. Bank since 2002 and has been instrumental in building the GCTS business into one of the leading providers of corporate trust and escrow services, guiding the team to a #1 or #2 ranking in all GCTS products during the past three years. “Bryan has done an exemplary job in growing our corporate trust business into the industry leader it is today, and the most trusted choice among clients. He has demonstrated a commitment to doing the right thing by our clients and putting their best interests first,” Kedia said. “We wish him all the best in his retirement.” About U.S. Bancorp Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB), with $450 billion in assets as of March 31, 2017, is the parent company of U.S. Bank National Association, the fifth largest commercial bank in the United States. The Company operates 3,091 banking offices in 25 states and 4,838 ATMs and provides a comprehensive line of banking, investment, mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses and institutions. Visit U.S. Bancorp on the web at www.usbank.com. About U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services is a leading provider of corporate trust services in the United States and Europe, serving private and public companies, government and tax-exempt entities and financial services companies. Global Corporate Trust Services operates a network of 51 domestic offices and two international locations in London and Dublin. Contacts U.S. Bank Michael Walsh, 612-303-9122 vice president of public relations michael.walsh@usbank.com Release Summary U.S. Bank has announced that Joseph Giordano has been named president of its Global Corporate Trust Services (GCTS) division. #Hashtags #investments #securities #mutualfunds #finance $Cashtags $USB Contacts U.S. Bank Michael Walsh, 612-303-9122 vice president of public relations michael.walsh@usbank.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pentair plc. Ordinary Share to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.49 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PNR) Deutsche Bank AG Raises Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Price Target to $77.00 KLR Group Boosts QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Price Target to $23.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Canon Inc (CAJ) to Hold Brokerages Set $48.00 Target Price for KB Financial Group, Inc. (KB) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Microsoft Co. Increased by Jefferies Group (MSFT) Deutsche Bank AG Trims FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Target Price to $38.00 Radian Group Inc (RDN) PT Lowered to $21.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $32.24 Million Deutsche Bank AG Boosts L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Price Target to $190.00 Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.704 Million Position in General Motors Company (GM) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by David R. Rahn & Associates Inc. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Holds Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 148,146 Shares of EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Allstate Corp (ALL) Position Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Concannon Wealth Management LLC Has $748,000 Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys 88,168 Shares of SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Parsec Financial Management Inc. Purchases 24,745 Shares of Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) York Water Co (YORW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Zacks Investment Research Lowers Canon Inc (CAJ) to Hold May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Canon Inc (NYSE:CAJ) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Friday. According to Zacks, “Canon, Inc. is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon’s extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information. Canon products include full-color as well as black and white copiers; color laser printers; facsimile machines; micrographics and optical disk filing systems; word processors, typewriters and calculators; camcorders, and lenses; semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment; and other specialized industrial products. “ A number of other analysts have also issued reports on CAJ. TheStreet upgraded Canon from a c+ rating to a b rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Canon from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $36.00. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.09% on Friday, reaching $33.32. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 35,314 shares. Canon has a one year low of $27.18 and a one year high of $33.53. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $31.56 and a 200-day moving average of $29.63. The company has a market capitalization of $36.39 billion, a PE ratio of 22.29 and a beta of 0.60. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The technology company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.23 by $0.22. The firm earned $8.69 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.04 billion. Canon had a return on equity of 5.18% and a net margin of 4.44%. Analysts predict that Canon will post $1.49 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/zacks-investment-research-lowers-canon-inc-caj-to-hold.html. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in CAJ. Stevens Capital Management LP raised its stake in shares of Canon by 9.0% in the third quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 8,196 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $238,000 after buying an additional 676 shares during the last quarter. Wheatland Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Canon during the first quarter worth about $263,000. Gradient Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of Canon by 15,963.0% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 8,674 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $271,000 after buying an additional 8,620 shares during the last quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Canon by 1,366.7% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 8,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $248,000 after buying an additional 8,200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, GSB Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Canon during the fourth quarter worth about $268,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 1.49% of the company’s stock. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Canon (CAJ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business JP Morgan may move hundreds of jobs in pre-Brexit move 3 May 2017 From the section Business comments These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39789915 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Related Topics Brexit Image copyright AFP US bank JP Morgan could move up to 1,000 jobs out of London ahead of the UK's exit from the European Union. A senior executive at the Wall Street giant, Daniel Pinto, said that "hundreds" of staff may move to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. However, it is understood that the number of people who would be relocated involves between 500 and 1,000 jobs. Earlier, Standard Chartered bank said it was in talks with German regulators about making Frankfurt its Europe base. However, Standard said the impact on UK staff would be "minimal". Several global banks have announced in recent weeks that they will move some jobs out of London as part of contingency plans for when the UK leaves the EU. Speaking to Bloomberg News, Mr Pinto, head of investment banking at JP Morgan, said: "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." Simon Jack: Bank exodus? Deutsche Bank warns of Brexit risk to UK jobs JP Morgan's main offices in continental Europe are in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, but it also has operations in Paris, Milan, Madrid and Stockholm. JP Morgan is widely reported to be in talks to buy a Dublin office big enough to hold more than 1,000 workers. Financial services shift Since the Brexit referendum last year, European cities have lined up to try and woo financial services companies to move operations there to continue serving European clients. Standard Chartered chairman Jose Vinals said on Wednesday: "We are looking at setting up a subsidiary in the EU to ensure we are prepared. "The choice of Frankfurt is very natural as we have a branch there and we do euro clearing there." However, a spokeswoman for the bank, which only has a small amount of business in Europe, said the impact on UK staff would be "minimal". Other financial services companies have announced plans to move workers out of London in case the UK fails to secure "passporting" rights for them to operate across EU borders after Brexit. Deutsche Bank said last week it could move up to 4,000 jobs out of the UK as a result of Brexit - nearly half its UK workforce. Barclays told the BBC the bank was preparing to add hundreds of staff to offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Milan to counter Brexit risks to its European business. Contingency plans Goldman Sachs has confirmed it will move jobs away from London and bulk up its European presence by "hundreds of people" before a Brexit deal is struck. Insurers Lloyd's of London and Royal London are also setting up subsidiaries outside the UK. JP Morgan's Mr Pinto told Bloomberg: "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients. "We'll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there." He was speaking on the sidelines of a conference in Saudi Arabia. A JP Morgan spokesman confirmed Mr Pinto's remarks, but did not elaborate on the story. A report commissioned by the City UK industry group warned in October that as many as 75,000 financial services jobs could be lost from London if operations into the EU are severely disrupted after Brexit. View comments Related Topics Standard Chartered Banking JP Morgan Brexit Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Deutsche Bank: Brexit risk to up to 4,000 UK jobs 27 April 2017 City banks warn of Brexit job moves 18 January 2017 Bank exodus? 19 January 2017 Top Stories Macron wins over French debate audience Emmanuel Macron had the best of a quarrelsome debate with Marine Le Pen, a viewers' poll says. 4 May 2017 US set for vital vote on Obamacare repeal 4 May 2017 Child-killing mother will not stand trial 4 May 2017 Features Video Rare Russian tiger returns to the wild Can a life-swap exercise stop a community tearing itself in two? Photographer captured moment of her death Lesbian couple tell of three-week ordeal The midwife who saved intersex babies Deconstructing Comey's testimony Video Rent me: Stranger for hire Who won the French presidential debate? Can't find the right handbag? Just design it yourself News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Politics Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Finance Search Search Best BuyBest Buy Will Now Sell Vivint’s Smart Home Installation Services BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets Theresa May is up against it.  Dan Kitwood—Getty Images Brexit The Brexit Talks Have Gotten Off to Their Worst Possible Start Geoffrey Smith May 03, 2017 It's not uncommon for divorces to start with a lot of screaming and scheming. Brexit is certainly no exception. Although you've been reading about the split for months, formal discussions between the EU and the U.K. on how to manage their separation only started last week. Immediately afterward, the EU's top bureaucrat, Jean-Claude Juncker, let it be known he thinks Prime Minister Theresa May is "delusional," while May fired back Wednesday that Juncker and others are deliberately using "threats" to influence the outcome of the election she has called for June 8. How did things get so heated so quickly? In a word – money. At the risk of oversimplifying, at least some in the EU seem to put the final bill at over 100 billion euros ($109 billion), while at least some in the U.K. government argue that there's nothing to pay, period. That leaves a lot of room for arguing. The EU's top Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, outlined Wednesday that he wants to agree to a "global settlement" on outstanding obligations before starting to talk about how the two sides will regulate trade, investment, and citizens' rights after March 2019, when Britain formally withdraws from the union. May, by contrast, wants to talks about a future trade agreement to run in parallel with the talks on the divorce settlement, not least because business wants to know as soon as possible the terms on which it will be able to buy from and sell to Europe after 2019. Foreign investors, such as Wall Street banks like JPMorgan Chase, want to know whether it's even worth staying in the U.K. after Brexit and are already preparing to move people from London to financial centers in other EU countries. BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe HungaryHungary’s Orban Accepts EU Demands BrexitGermany’s Angela Merkel Says Britons Shouldn’t Be Deluded About Post-Brexit Life Most Powerful WomenTheresa May’s Snap Election Could Cause Another Glass Ceiling to Shatter Brexit5 Reasons Why Theresa May Suddenly Wants a Snap Election BrexitBritish PM Theresa May Is Calling for Early Elections to Strengthen Her Brexit Hand Social MediaExclusive: Food Tech Startup The Infatuation Is on the Move Most Powerful WomenNicola Sturgeon on ‘Legs-it’: Reducing Women to Body Parts Is Not Funny When the EU Commission in Brussels released its first thoughts on how to calculate the "Brexit Bill," the gross liabilities added up to around 60 billion euros. That would cover its commitments under the EU's seven-year budget period that runs through 2020, plus longer-running liabilities like pensions for EU officials and loan guarantees for infrastructure projects. But according to the Financial Times, national governments in France, Germany, Poland, and elsewhere estimate a total gross liability of up to 113 billion euros. The member states have a vested interest in pumping up the number because they are the ones that will have to plug the hole in the EU's budget after the U.K. leaves. The U.K. is the second-biggest net contributor to the EU budget, paying in roughly 12 billion euros a year more than it receives, according to U.K. parliament figures. As the Brussels-based think tank Bruegel points out, the final figure will depend largely on whether the two sides frame the agreement as a divorce (where both sides divide the assets and liabilities) or the cancellation of a club membership (where the departing member gets a much less favorable deal). Barnier, giving his first press conference in his new capacity Wednesday, refused to be drawn out on how much the EU would ultimately press for, saying that the figures "are still evolving." May, by contrast, was still fuming at the way Juncker had briefed the German press in highly unflattering terms after his meeting in Downing Street last week. "In the last few days we have seen just how tough these talks are likely to be. Britain's negotiating position in Europe has been misrepresented in the continental press, the European Commission's negotiating stance has hardened, threats against Britain have been issued by European politicians and officials," Reuters quoted her as saying. "All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election." May called an election ostensibly to strengthen her hand in the Brexit negotiations, aiming to make sure that she couldn't be held hostage by a small group of hardline Conservative lawmakers who want no compromise with the EU at all. "Obviously, there is a lot of saber rattling at play," said Carsten Brzeski, chief economist with ING-Diba in Frankfurt. "But the principle that countries outside the EU cannot have the same rights as EU member states seems to be one of the important red lines the EU has drawn and is not likely to give up any time soon." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Liberty Oilfield Services Announces Potential Pricing for IPO By Chris Lange May 3, 2017 10:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet Liberty Oilfield Services has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). The company intends to price its 20 million shares in the range of $12 to $13 per share, with an overallotment option for an additional 3 million shares. At the maximum price, the entire offering is valued up to $299 million. The company intends to list its stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BDFC. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, JPMorgan, Evercore ISI, Simmons, Tudor Pickering Holt, Houlihan Lokey, Intrepid Partners, Petrie Partners and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. This is a rapidly growing independent provider of hydraulic fracturing services to onshore oil and natural gas exploration and production (E&P) companies in North America. It has grown organically from one active hydraulic fracturing fleet (40,000 HHP) in December 2011 to 14 active fleets (560,000 HHP) in May 2017. The demand for Liberty’s hydraulic fracturing services exceeds current capacity, and the firm expects, based on discussions with customers, to deploy five additional fleets (200,000 HHP) by the end of the first quarter of 2018, for a total of 19 active fleets (aggregating to a total of 792,500 HHP including additional supporting HHP). Additional fleets consist of six fleets the company recently acquired and are upgrading to specifications. Liberty provides services primarily in the Permian Basin, the Denver-Julesburg Basin, the Williston Basin and the Powder River Basin, and it expects to deploy one or more fleets for customers in the Eagle Ford Shale in the second half of 2017. Its customer base includes a broad range of E&P companies, including Extraction Oil & Gas, SM Energy, Centennial Resource Development, Continental Resources, Devon Energy, Noble Energy and Anadarko Petroleum. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay its debt, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. Also some selling stockholders will get a portion of the proceeds. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Facebook Up 300% From IPO Price Crude Oil Prices Fall on Smaller-Than-Expected Inventory Decline » Read more: Energy Business, crude oil prices, IPOs and Secondaries, oil and gas, oil prices Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Cities Where Crime Is Soaring 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Recent Were Tesla’s Earnings Too Boring for Investors? Bond Insurers Hold Up Against Puerto Rico Bankruptcy Exposure Facebook Slips Despite Solid Q1 Earnings Beat Is This the Turnaround Fitbit Investors Are Looking For? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value 1 Top Cheap Stock You Can Buy Right Now (That Pays a Nearly 5% Dividend) 3 Things to Look For During ON Semiconductor's First-Quarter 2017 Report House passes bill funding government through September MetLife shares up 1.7% in after-hours trade MetLife Q1 investment income up 14% Value Investors Can Join in the Rally Too Value Investors Can Join in the Rally Too 5 Skyrocketing Stocks On the Move Asian lending bank sees no need to compete with China's AIIB Shell Reports 1Q Profit Jump, Beating Forecasts Tesla Shares Fall on Wider Loss House Republicans Say They Will Vote On Their Health Care Plan U.S. Airlines Have Basically Given Up On Trying To Make Us Comfortable Republicans Just Repealed An Obama Rule That Helped Workers Save For Retirement Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CVR Refining LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley Boosts Neff Corp (NEFF) Price Target to $20.00 Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Earns “In-Line” Rating from Evercore ISI N+1 Singer Reiterates ” Buy” Rating for N Brown Group plc (BWNG) Quantum Pharma PLC’s (QP) ” Corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results CDW Corp (CDW) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Posts Earnings Results Amedisys Inc (AMED) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Willbros Group Inc (WG) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL) Director Buys $145,000.00 in Stock Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $479,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) ITT Inc. (ITT) Position Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Lowers Position in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Landstar System, Inc. Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) Safety Insurance Group (SAFT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.51 Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of CVR Refining LP (NYSE:CVRR) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Friday. According to Zacks, “CVR Refining, LP is engaged in the refining of petroleum primarily in the United States. It has refining and related logistics assets that operate in the mid-continent region. The company operates in Coffeyville, Kansas, Wynnewood and Oklahoma. CVR Refining, LP is headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas. “ Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Citigroup Inc reissued a neutral rating and set a $10.00 price target (down from $11.80) on shares of CVR Refining in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of CVR Refining from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and decreased their price target for the company from $12.50 to $11.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. TheStreet raised shares of CVR Refining from a d+ rating to a c- rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of CVR Refining from a sell rating to a neutral rating and set a $12.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued a sell rating and set a $10.00 price target on shares of CVR Refining in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $10.13. Shares of CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) traded up 1.47% on Friday, reaching $10.35. 155,787 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $1.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.21 and a beta of 1.34. CVR Refining has a 52 week low of $5.50 and a 52 week high of $12.55. The company’s 50-day moving average is $9.45 and its 200-day moving average is $9.72. CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.42. CVR Refining had a negative net margin of 2.34% and a negative return on equity of 7.55%. The company had revenue of $1.42 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.25 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.46) EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 70.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that CVR Refining will post $0.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/cvr-refining-lp-cvrr-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. ING Groep NV bought a new position in shares of CVR Refining during the first quarter valued at approximately $3,391,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new position in shares of CVR Refining during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,440,000. HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of CVR Refining during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,475,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of CVR Refining during the first quarter valued at approximately $1,105,000. Finally, Harvey Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of CVR Refining during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,042,000. 6.50% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About CVR Refining CVR Refining, LP is an independent downstream energy limited partnership with refining and related logistics assets that operates in the mid-continent region. The Company is a petroleum refiner. It owned and operated a complex full coking medium-sour crude oil refinery in Coffeyville, Kansas with a rated capacity of 115,000 barrels per calendar day (bpcd) and a complex crude oil refinery in Wynnewood, Oklahoma with a rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd capable of processing 20,000 bpcd of light sour crude oils (within its rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd), as of December 31, 2016. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on CVR Refining (CVRR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for CVR Refining LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Issued By Gabelli SJW Group (SJW) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 on June 1st NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 on May 18th Macdonald Dettwiler & Associates Ltd (MDA) PT Lowered to C$93.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $13.57 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.69 Million Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Receives Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Announces Earnings Results Super Micro Computer’s (SMCI) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Price Target Cut to C$13.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Brokerages Expect CST Brands Inc (CST) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.54 Billion CA, Inc. (CA) Upgraded to “Outperform” by FIG Partners National Research Co. (NRCIB) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.55 EPS Bartlett & Co. LLC Has $153,000 Position in Monsanto Company (MON) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Has $8.14 Million Stake in Baxter International Inc (BAX) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Decreased by Delta Asset Management LLC TN Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Sells 18,762 Shares of BB&T Co. (BBT) Halliburton Company (HAL) Shares Bought by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $2.123 Million Position in Public Storage (PSA) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Issued By Gabelli May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) – Equities research analysts at Gabelli boosted their FY2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Roper Technologies in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. Gabelli analyst J. Garza now forecasts that the industrial products company will post earnings per share of $9.15 for the year, up from their previous forecast of $9.10. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.99 by $0.12. The company earned $1.09 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.09 billion. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 17.38% and a return on equity of 11.97%. Roper Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.81 EPS. WARNING: “FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Issued By Gabelli” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/fy2017-earnings-forecast-for-roper-technologies-inc-rop-issued-by-gabelli.html. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on ROP. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $244.00 price objective for the company in a report on Monday. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $248.00 price objective (up previously from $245.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Monday. Barclays PLC increased their price objective on Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday. Argus upgraded Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $235.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Friday, March 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $226.56. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) traded down 0.49% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $216.17. 143,223 shares of the stock traded hands. Roper Technologies has a 1-year low of $159.28 and a 1-year high of $225.57. The firm has a market capitalization of $22.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.62 and a beta of 0.87. The company has a 50-day moving average of $209.76 and a 200 day moving average of $193.80. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th were issued a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.64%. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is presently 21.77%. In other news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $207.18, for a total transaction of $207,180.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 66,404 shares in the company, valued at $13,757,580.72. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 2.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of ROP. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 0.3% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,200 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $584,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 3,083 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $565,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the last quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 5,815 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,065,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Conning Inc. increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 2,648 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $483,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hamilton Lane Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hamilton Lane Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Reinsurance Group of America’s (RGA) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Hamilton Lane Inc (HLNE) Earns Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Issued By Gabelli SJW Group (SJW) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 on June 1st NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 on May 18th Macdonald Dettwiler & Associates Ltd (MDA) PT Lowered to C$93.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $13.57 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.69 Million Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Receives Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Announces Earnings Results Super Micro Computer’s (SMCI) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Price Target Cut to C$13.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Brokerages Expect CST Brands Inc (CST) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.54 Billion CA, Inc. (CA) Upgraded to “Outperform” by FIG Partners National Research Co. (NRCIB) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.55 EPS Bartlett & Co. LLC Has $153,000 Position in Monsanto Company (MON) Delta Asset Management LLC TN Has $8.14 Million Stake in Baxter International Inc (BAX) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Decreased by Delta Asset Management LLC TN Hamilton Lane Inc (HLNE) Earns Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued their hold rating on shares of Hamilton Lane Inc (NASDAQ:HLNE) in a report published on Friday morning. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods currently has a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set a market perform rating on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set a neutral rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. Morgan Stanley started coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set an overweight rating and a $21.00 target price on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set an overweight rating and a $21.00 target price on the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $20.75. Shares of Hamilton Lane (NASDAQ:HLNE) traded down 0.95% on Friday, hitting $18.82. The stock had a trading volume of 49,004 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $18.71 and its 200 day moving average price is $18.66. The firm’s market cap is $321.28 billion. Hamilton Lane has a 12-month low of $17.32 and a 12-month high of $19.66. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/hamilton-lane-inc-hlne-earns-hold-rating-from-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In other Hamilton Lane news, insider Juan Delgado-Moreira bought 2,800 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were bought at an average price of $16.00 per share, with a total value of $44,800.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 1,550,965 shares in the company, valued at approximately $24,815,440. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Henderson Group PLC purchased a new position in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter valued at $117,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN purchased a new position in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter valued at $131,000. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA purchased a new position in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter valued at $388,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter valued at $798,000. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter valued at $969,000. Hamilton Lane Company Profile Hamilton Lane Incorporated is a global private markets investment solutions provider. The Company works with its clients to conceive, structure, build out, manage and monitor portfolios of private markets funds and direct investments, and it helps them access a set of such investment opportunities around the world. Receive News & Ratings for Hamilton Lane Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hamilton Lane Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CubeSmart (CUBE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) to Strong Sell Canaccord Genuity Increases Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Price Target to GBX 340 Chubb Ltd (CB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) PT Raised to $80.00 at Barclays PLC Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Noble Financial reissued their hold rating on shares of Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday morning. MRCY has been the topic of several other reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a hold rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Monday, March 27th. Citigroup Inc boosted their target price on shares of Mercury Systems to $48.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a buy rating and a $36.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Mercury Systems from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Saturday, April 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an overweight rating and a $48.00 target price on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $41.50. Shares of Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded down 1.06% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $38.82. 63,172 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $38.71 and a 200 day moving average of $33.53. Mercury Systems has a 12 month low of $19.78 and a 12 month high of $40.86. The company has a market cap of $1.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 67.05 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $107.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.54 million. Mercury Systems had a net margin of 6.53% and a return on equity of 6.69%. Mercury Systems’s quarterly revenue was up 62.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.25 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Mercury Systems will post $1.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/mercury-systems-inc-mrcy-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-noble-financial.html. In other Mercury Systems news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.15, for a total transaction of $356,640.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 595,849 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,135,790.35. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Michael A. Daniels purchased 2,683 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $37.31 per share, with a total value of $100,102.73. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 60,096 shares in the company, valued at $2,242,181.76. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 28,800 shares of company stock worth $1,091,904. 4.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Mercury Systems by 8.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,837,803 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $69,725,000 after buying an additional 228,934 shares during the period. ACK Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 6.4% in the third quarter. ACK Asset Management LLC now owns 1,182,241 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $29,048,000 after buying an additional 70,841 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 18.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,033,362 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $31,222,000 after buying an additional 159,032 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 5.4% in the first quarter. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA now owns 816,870 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $31,899,000 after buying an additional 41,714 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bamco Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 13.3% in the third quarter. Bamco Inc. NY now owns 646,100 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $15,875,000 after buying an additional 75,797 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.14% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Nine Energy Services Files for IPO By Chris Lange May 3, 2017 10:10 am EDT Print Email Tweet Nine Energy Service has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were mentioned in the filing. but the offering is valued up to $100 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company intends to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NINE. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo. This is a leading North American onshore completion and production services provider that targets unconventional oil and gas resource development. The company partners with its exploration and production customers across all major onshore basins in both the United States and Canada to design and deploy downhole solutions and technology to prepare horizontal, multistage wells for production. Nine Energy focuses on providing its customers with cost-effective and comprehensive completion solutions designed to maximize their production levels and operating efficiencies. Management believes this success is a product of its culture, which is driven by intense focus on performance and wellsite execution, as well as the firm’s commitment to forward-leaning technologies that aid it in the development of smarter, customized applications that drive efficiencies. The company provides a comprehensive completion solutions across a diverse set of well-types, including on the most complex, technically demanding unconventional wells. Modern, high-intensity completion techniques are a more effective way for customers to maximize resource extraction from horizontal oil and gas wells. Nine Energy intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to repay its indebtedness, with the remainder going to pay for working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include the acquisition of additional equipment and complementary businesses that enhance its existing service offerings, broaden its service offerings or expand its customer relationships. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Big Catalysts Drive Analysts’ 5 Top Energy Stocks With Massive Upside Potential Why Analysts Are More Positive About Apple Than Its Earnings Reaction Suggests » Read more: Energy Business, crude oil prices, IPOs and Secondaries, oil and gas, oil prices Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Cities Where Crime Is Soaring 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Recent Were Tesla’s Earnings Too Boring for Investors? Bond Insurers Hold Up Against Puerto Rico Bankruptcy Exposure Facebook Slips Despite Solid Q1 Earnings Beat Is This the Turnaround Fitbit Investors Are Looking For? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value 1 Top Cheap Stock You Can Buy Right Now (That Pays a Nearly 5% Dividend) 3 Things to Look For During ON Semiconductor's First-Quarter 2017 Report House passes bill funding government through September MetLife shares up 1.7% in after-hours trade MetLife Q1 investment income up 14% Value Investors Can Join in the Rally Too Value Investors Can Join in the Rally Too 5 Skyrocketing Stocks On the Move Asian lending bank sees no need to compete with China's AIIB Shell Reports 1Q Profit Jump, Beating Forecasts Tesla Shares Fall on Wider Loss House Republicans Say They Will Vote On Their Health Care Plan U.S. Airlines Have Basically Given Up On Trying To Make Us Comfortable Republicans Just Repealed An Obama Rule That Helped Workers Save For Retirement Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Veterans * Jobs * Fairs * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Loveland   Ohio   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 4 3 2 1 April 2017 30 29 28 DAV RecruitMilitary San Antonio Veterans Job Fair May 18     Activity at a DAV-RecruitMilitary Veterans Job Fair   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Veterans • Jobs • Fairs Industry: • Business Location: • Loveland - Ohio - USLOVELAND, Ohio - May 3, 2017 - PRLog -- DAV and RecruitMilitary will produce a Veterans Job Fair at Norris Conference Centers on May 18, 2017 for veterans, transitioning military personnel, National Guard members, Reserve members and military spouses. The event, sponsored by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and BlueLine Rental, will feature nearly 70 San Antonio-area exhibitors.  MyComputerCareer will host a pre-event seminar for job seekers titled "Ready, Aim, Fire: How to Make Sure Your Civilian Job Search Hits the Target -- Using Technology to Get the Right Job Faster." "DAV RecruitMilitary job fairs maintain a track record of helping veterans and their families find meaningful employment," said President Peter Gudmundsson. "Just last year, 52% of veteran job seekers expected to secure an interview following a DAV RecruitMilitary job fair.  Employers were expected to extend as many as 40,300 interviews and more than 12,560 job offers." Among the companies attending RecruitMilitary's San Antonio event are Allstate, BMW of North America, LLC, Bexar County Sheriff's Office, Department of Veteran Affairs, Farmers Insurance, Federal Aviation Administration, First Command Financial Planning, GardaWorld, General Dynamics Mission Systems, Harris County Sheriff's Office, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Love's Travel Stops, Naval Intelligence Activity, PepsiCo, Schlumberger, Texas Department of Transportation, Toyota Motor Engineering, USAA, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Vinnell Arabia and Walgreens. An updated list of all exhibitors can be found at https://events.recruitmilitary.com/events/san-antonio-vet.... In January of 2017, the DAV RecruitMilitary San Antonio event connected more than 320 veteran job seekers with 118 exhibitors including Accenture, General Dynamics Electric Boat, Department of Homeland Security/Federal Protective Service (FPS) and Toyota Motor Engineering. RecruitMilitary has held 16 events in San Antonio, drawing 8,499 attendees and 905 exhibitors. The company has produced more than 814 events in 65 cities across the country. DAV was founded by World War I veterans in Cincinnati in 1920 and chartered by the United States Congress in 1932. DAV (www.dav.org) is a non-profit organization with 1.2 million members. Together, DAV and RecruitMilitary share a common mission: to connect America's veterans and their family members with meaningful and fulfilling employment opportunities and to help employers attract, appreciate and retain veterans, spouses, and their survivors. Through career fairs, outreach and resources, this partnership fights to ensure veterans receive the benefits they've earned to lead productive, dignified and high-quality lives. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVjqGgtBodM In addition to veterans job fairs, RecruitMilitary also offers subscriptions to its database of 1,185,828+ registered candidates at http://www.recruitmilitary.com.  RecruitMilitary provides employer job postings, targeted email campaigns, retained hiring services and advertising space in online and print media. The company also publishes Search & Employ®, a bimonthly print and digital magazine; and distributes 50,000+ print copies of each issue. About RecruitMilitary RecruitMilitary (http://RecruitMilitary.com) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bradley-Morris, Inc. (BMI), the largest military-focused recruiting company in the U.S. Together, BMI and RecruitMilitary offer employers access to more than 1,000,000 military job seekers via services that include contingency recruiting, military job fairs, a job board, employer branding, a military base publication and more. Media Contact Kelly Wagner RecruitMilitary LLC 513-677-7084 kelly.wagner@recruitmilitary.com End Source : RecruitMilitary LLC Email : ***@recruitmilitary.com Tags : Veterans, Jobs, Fairs Industry : Business Location : Loveland - Ohio - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse RecruitMilitary, LLC PRs DAV RecruitMilitary Veterans Job Fair Coming to Lawton May 18 DAV RecruitMilitary Greater Dallas Veterans Job Fair May 11 DAV RecruitMilitary Norfolk Veterans Job Fair May 11 RecruitMilitary Central Region Virtual Career Fair April 25 DAV RecruitMilitary Orange County Veterans Job Fair April 27 Trending News Beacon Media + Marketing Welcomes Dustin Shannon To The Team Solarflare and LDA Technologies Harness the Power of Xilinx FPGAs United Premier Soccer League Announces Pro/Rel in Colorado with Championship Division, GAM United FC Pretty/Creepy: The Dainty Little Freak Show Part 2 heads to Chartreuse Gallery Coming Home to Self - A Women's Circle with Joni Advent Maher Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Pro/Rel in Colorado with Championship Division, GAM United FC - 569 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 558 views Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 371 views Triumph Krav Maga Announces Grand Opening Month in Metairie - 221 views ACEC/MA announces WSP/Parsons Brinckerhoff as 2017 winner of Gold Engineering Excellence Award - 216 views Top Weekly News 66 Brilliant Women in Creative Technology - 2603 views Forum Extended Care Services Names Pete Toke Senior VP of Business & Clinical Development - 1105 views Inflight Warning Systems Rapidly Growing with Cathay Pacific Partnership - 933 views SteelHouse Abstract Launches to Bring Exceptional Title Settlement Services to the Lehigh Valley - 830 views Nka Foundation Announces the Winners of 2017 Land Art Competition for Ghana - 705 views Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Pro/Rel in Colorado with Championship Division, GAM United FC - 569 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 558 views Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 371 views Triumph Krav Maga Announces Grand Opening Month in Metairie - 221 views ACEC/MA announces WSP/Parsons Brinckerhoff as 2017 winner of Gold Engineering Excellence Award - 216 views Top Weekly News 66 Brilliant Women in Creative Technology - 2603 views Forum Extended Care Services Names Pete Toke Senior VP of Business & Clinical Development - 1105 views Inflight Warning Systems Rapidly Growing with Cathay Pacific Partnership - 933 views SteelHouse Abstract Launches to Bring Exceptional Title Settlement Services to the Lehigh Valley - 830 views Nka Foundation Announces the Winners of 2017 Land Art Competition for Ghana - 705 views PTC News Tovero at Mare Island Grand Opens this Saturday, May 6 - 170 views ICC Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results - 130 views John Cusack To Appear At Wizard World Comic Con Chicago, August 26-27 - 115 views Dalton Place Grand Opens in Covina Saturday, May 13th - 83 views Yes, I want to learn how I can buy my first home! - 37 views May 03, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Brexit: Standard Chartered chooses Frankfurt for its EU base as UK prepares for departure Bank is already in discussion with the German regulator BaFin about setting up a subsidiary in the city and getting a licence to operate across the continent Stephen Morris, Gavin Finch Wednesday 3 May 2017 16:14 BST Click to follow As recently as December, Standard Chartered had been edging toward picking Dublin for its new legal base inside the EU GETTY IMAGES Standard Chartered has chosen Frankfurt for its main base inside the EU as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the single market after Britain exits the trading bloc, the bank’s chairman said. Standard Chartered is already in discussion with the German regulator BaFin about setting up a subsidiary in the city and getting a licence to operate across the EU, Jose Vinals said at the bank’s annual general meeting in London on Wednesday. Only a small number of London-based staff will be affected by the move, Mr Vinals added. Read more JPMorgan confirms hundreds of UK jobs to move to EU because of Brexit As recently as December, Standard Chartered had been edging toward picking Dublin for its new legal base inside the EU, Bloomberg News reported at the time. Mr Vinals said on Wednesday that Frankfurt made more sense as the bank already does its euro clearing there. As banks accept the growing likelihood that they will lose the automatic right to sell services freely around the region from London, they’re fleshing out plans to for new hubs to secure continued access to clients. On Wednesday, EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier ruled out any immediate negotiations on transitional arrangements for the UK, the central demand that London-based finance firms have made. Mr Vinals said that Brexit would have no material impact on Standard Chartered, which gets most of its profit from Asia. Bloomberg More about: Brexit Banks Standard Chartered Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Shaddock Development Purchases Land for New Homes Near Legacy West Dallas, TX, May 03, 2017 –(PR.com)– Shaddock Development Company has purchased a 3.6-acre tract of land located in the City of Plano and Collin County. Preston Hollow-Phase II, situated just north of Hedgcoxe Road on Preston Meadow, is an ideal location for new homes due to its proximity to the $2 billion Legacy West development. Legacy West, first developed in 2014, has attracted corporate campuses, including JP Morgan Chase, Toyota, Liberty Mutual and FedEx, who together employ more than 16,000 people. Legacy West is one of the fastest growing areas in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex and includes numerous restaurants, hotels and retail shops. Preston Hollow-Phase II is located within the Frisco Independent School District and feeds into the new Lebanon Trail High School, Fowler Middle School and Riddle Elementary, which is safely walkable from the neighborhood. Frisco ISD, a District of Innovation known for its academic excellence, makes the project highly desirable for young families. Homebuyers will enjoy Preston Hollow-Phase II’s access to a wide range of local amenities, including Heritage Yards, an open greenspace with a playground and several sports fields for organized team activities. “Developing neighborhoods like Preston Hollow-Phase II is a passion project of mine,” said Andrew Shaddock, Partner at Shaddock Development and developer of the subdivision. “I grew up in Plano in a similar area and have fond memories of playing basketball and roller hockey in the street with my neighbors and classmates. That feeling of community can’t be beat. The best part of this process is the ability to drive by our completed areas and see children enjoying the same benefits of a great neighborhood that I did growing up. It’s a great place to raise a family.” Preston Hollow-Phase II will be subdivided into 18 front entry residential lots with delivery expected by the third quarter of 2017. The homes will be built by Shaddock Homes. Shaddock Development has been active in Dallas-Fort Worth real estate since 1966. Our team is behind more than 75 subdivisions and has numerous projects in development. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Newport News Public Schools Adds Clean-Operating, Propane-Fueled Blue Bird School Buses Next PostNext REMINDER/Rogers Sugar Inc.: Conference call – 2nd Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Yamana Gold Announces First Quarter 2017 Results and Increases Annual Gold Production Guidance Brampton Brick Reports Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Dundee Precious Metals Announces 2017 First Quarter Results Sama Resources Enters Into Investor Relations Agreement DIRTT Announces Record Q1 2017 Revenue RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Shaddock Development Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Shaddock Development: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Shaddock Development Purchases Land for New Homes Near Legacy West Dallas, TX, May 03, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Shaddock Development Company has purchased a 3.6-acre tract of land located in the City of Plano and Collin County. Preston Hollow-Phase II, situated just north of Hedgcoxe Road on Preston Meadow, is an ideal location for new homes due to its proximity to the $2 billion Legacy West development. Legacy West, first developed in 2014, has attracted corporate campuses, including JP Morgan Chase, Toyota, Liberty Mutual and FedEx, who together employ more than 16,000 people. Legacy West is one of the fastest growing areas in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex and includes numerous restaurants, hotels and retail shops. Preston Hollow-Phase II is located within the Frisco Independent School District and feeds into the new Lebanon Trail High School, Fowler Middle School and Riddle Elementary, which is safely walkable from the neighborhood. Frisco ISD, a District of Innovation known for its academic excellence, makes the project highly desirable for young families. Homebuyers will enjoy Preston Hollow-Phase II’s access to a wide range of local amenities, including Heritage Yards, an open greenspace with a playground and several sports fields for organized team activities. “Developing neighborhoods like Preston Hollow-Phase II is a passion project of mine,” said Andrew Shaddock, Partner at Shaddock Development and developer of the subdivision. “I grew up in Plano in a similar area and have fond memories of playing basketball and roller hockey in the street with my neighbors and classmates. That feeling of community can’t be beat. The best part of this process is the ability to drive by our completed areas and see children enjoying the same benefits of a great neighborhood that I did growing up. It’s a great place to raise a family.” Preston Hollow-Phase II will be subdivided into 18 front entry residential lots with delivery expected by the third quarter of 2017. The homes will be built by Shaddock Homes. Shaddock Development has been active in Dallas-Fort Worth real estate since 1966. Our team is behind more than 75 subdivisions and has numerous projects in development. Contact Information Shaddock Development Will Shaddock 214-405-6942 Contact http://www.shaddockdev.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Shaddock Development Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shell Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CubeSmart (CUBE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) to Strong Sell Canaccord Genuity Increases Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Price Target to GBX 340 Chubb Ltd (CB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) PT Raised to $80.00 at Barclays PLC Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Shell Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:SHLX) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report released on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. engages in owning, operating, developing and acquiring pipelines and other midstream assets. Its initial assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport growing onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to major demand centers. Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is based in Houston, Texas. “ A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on SHLX. Mizuho reiterated a buy rating and issued a $36.00 target price on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Shell Midstream Partners in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. They issued an overweight rating and a $38.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. Shell Midstream Partners presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $37.86. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) opened at 33.25 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.62 and a beta of 1.25. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $32.13 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.18. Shell Midstream Partners has a 12 month low of $25.42 and a 12 month high of $37.81. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The pipeline company reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.02. The business earned $75.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $73.06 million. Shell Midstream Partners had a return on equity of 56.13% and a net margin of 77.39%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.38 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Shell Midstream Partners will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/shell-midstream-partners-lp-shlx-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-sell.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be paid a $0.291 dividend. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.50%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a boost from Shell Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. Shell Midstream Partners’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 83.46%. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Country Club Trust Company n.a. boosted its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 1.3% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 10,606 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $342,000 after buying an additional 141 shares during the period. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 39,950 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $1,162,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter. Keybank National Association OH boosted its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. Keybank National Association OH now owns 11,830 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $344,000 after buying an additional 635 shares during the last quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc. boosted its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 22.3% in the first quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc. now owns 11,110 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $358,000 after buying an additional 2,026 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 13.7% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 31,824 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $926,000 after buying an additional 3,839 shares during the last quarter. 81.00% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shell Midstream Partners Company Profile Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership company, which owns, operates, develops and acquires pipelines and other midstream assets. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiary, Shell Midstream Operating, LLC. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast and Midwest refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to demand centers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lowe’s Announces The Early Results Of Its Cash Tender Offer For Up To $1.6 Billion Aggregate Principal Amount Of Certain Of Its Outstanding Debt Securities MOORESVILLE, N.C., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) (the "Company") today announced the early results of its previously announced cash tender offer (the "Tender Offer") for up to $1.6 billion combined aggregate principal amount (the "Maximum Tender Amount") of its outstanding notes (collectively, the "Notes") in the priorities set forth in the table below. The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are described in the Company's Offer to Purchase, dated April 19, 2017 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related Letter of Transmittal. As previously announced, the purpose of the Tender Offer is to reduce the outstanding debt represented by the Notes purchased in the Tender Offer and reduce the Company's future interest expense.  As of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 2, 2017 (the "Early Tender Deadline"), the principal amounts of the Notes listed in the table below had been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Title of Security CUSIP Numbers Principal Amount Outstanding Principal Amount Tendered (1) Acceptance Priority Level Reference U.S. Treasury Security Early Tender Premium (per $1,000) Fixed Spread (basis points) 7.110% Notes due 2037 54866NBJ7 $100,000,000 $59,180,000 1 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 85 6.650% Notes due 2037 548661CP0 $500,000,000 $270,040,000 2 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 85 5.800% Notes due 2036 548661CL9 $450,000,000 $159,894,000 3 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 85 5.500% Notes due 2035 548661CJ4 $500,000,000 $156,085,000 4 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 80 5.800% Notes due 2040 548661CR6 $500,000,000 $270,092,000 5 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 90 5.125% Notes due 2041 548661CU9 $500,000,000 $347,865,000 6 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 90 5.000% Notes due 2043 548661DA2 $500,000,000 $203,049,000 7 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 90 6.875% Notes due 2028 548661AH0 $300,000,000 $44,522,000 8 2.250% U.S. Treasury due February 15, 2027 $30.00 80 6.500% Notes due 2029 548661AK3 $400,000,000 $134,054,000 9 2.250% U.S. Treasury due February 15, 2027 $30.00 80 4.625% Notes due 2020 548661CQ8 $500,000,000 $218,587,000 10 1.500% U.S. Treasury due April 15, 2020 $30.00 15   (1) As reported by D.F. King & Co., Inc., the tender and information agent for the Tender Offer. Pursuant to the terms of the Tender Offer, the amount of Notes that will be accepted for purchase is subject to the Maximum Tender Amount.  The amounts of each series of Notes that will be accepted for purchase by the Company will be determined in accordance with the Acceptance Priority Levels specified in the table above, with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 10 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level, and the proration procedures described in the Offer to Purchase so as not to exceed the Maximum Tender Amount. The Company expects to determine the pricing terms for the Tender Offer at 11 a.m., New York City time, on May 3, 2017. The Tender Offer is scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on May 16, 2017.  However, because holders of Notes subject to the Tender Offer validly tendered and did not validly withdraw Notes on or prior to the Early Tender Deadline for which the aggregate principal amount exceeds the Maximum Tender Amount, the Company will not accept for purchase any Notes tendered after the Early Tender Deadline. Notes not accepted for purchase by the Company in the Tender Offer will be promptly credited to the account of the registered holder of such Notes with The Depository Trust Company or otherwise returned in accordance with the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal. The Company's obligation to accept for purchase, and pay for, any Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer is conditioned on the satisfaction or waiver by the Company of the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase.  Information Relating to the Tender Offer BofA Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as the lead dealer managers for the Tender Offer, and Goldman, Sachs & Co., Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. are acting as co-dealer managers.  The information agent and tender agent is D.F. King & Co., Inc.  Copies of the Offer to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and related offering materials are available by contacting D.F. King & Co., Inc. at (866) 721-1211 (toll-free), (212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers) or lowes@dfking.com.  Questions regarding the Tender Offer should be directed to BofA Merrill Lynch, Liability Management Group, at (980) 387-3907 (collect) or (888) 292-0070 (toll-free) or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Liability Management Group, at (212) 834-3833 (collect) or (866) 834-4666 (toll-free).  This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase or sell any securities.  The Tender Offer is being made only pursuant to an Offer to Purchase dated April 19, 2017 and a related Letter of Transmittal, which set forth the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer, and only in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Included herein are forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to an anticipated financing. There are many factors that affect management's views about future events and trends of the business and operations of the Company, all as more thoroughly described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking information included in this release or any of its public filings. About Lowe's Lowe's Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 17 million customers a week in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With fiscal year 2016 sales of $65.0 billion, Lowe's and its related businesses operate or service 2,365 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 290,000 people. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe's supports the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com.   SOURCE Lowe's Companies, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers, Takeovers, Home Improvements, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pectin Market 2017 by Application Type, Volume, Geography Analysis and Forecast To 2021 Next PostNext Biscuits Market Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lowe’s Announces The Early Results Of Its Cash Tender Offer For Up To $1.6 Billion Aggregate Principal Amount Of Certain Of Its Outstanding Debt Securities MOORESVILLE, N.C., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) (the „Company”) today announced the early results of its previously announced cash tender offer (the „Tender Offer”) for up to $1.6 billion combined aggregate principal amount (the „Maximum Tender Amount”) of its outstanding notes (collectively, the „Notes”) in the priorities set forth in the table below. The terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are described in the Company’s Offer to Purchase, dated April 19, 2017 (the „Offer to Purchase”), and the related Letter of Transmittal. As previously announced, the purpose of the Tender Offer is to reduce the outstanding debt represented by the Notes purchased in the Tender Offer and reduce the Company’s future interest expense.  As of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 2, 2017 (the „Early Tender Deadline”), the principal amounts of the Notes listed in the table below had been validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Title of Security CUSIP Numbers Principal Amount Outstanding Principal Amount Tendered (1) Acceptance Priority Level Reference U.S. Treasury Security Early Tender Premium (per $1,000) Fixed Spread (basis points) 7.110% Notes due 2037 54866NBJ7 $100,000,000 $59,180,000 1 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 85 6.650% Notes due 2037 548661CP0 $500,000,000 $270,040,000 2 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 85 5.800% Notes due 2036 548661CL9 $450,000,000 $159,894,000 3 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 85 5.500% Notes due 2035 548661CJ4 $500,000,000 $156,085,000 4 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 80 5.800% Notes due 2040 548661CR6 $500,000,000 $270,092,000 5 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 90 5.125% Notes due 2041 548661CU9 $500,000,000 $347,865,000 6 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 90 5.000% Notes due 2043 548661DA2 $500,000,000 $203,049,000 7 2.875% U.S. Treasury due November 15, 2046 $30.00 90 6.875% Notes due 2028 548661AH0 $300,000,000 $44,522,000 8 2.250% U.S. Treasury due February 15, 2027 $30.00 80 6.500% Notes due 2029 548661AK3 $400,000,000 $134,054,000 9 2.250% U.S. Treasury due February 15, 2027 $30.00 80 4.625% Notes due 2020 548661CQ8 $500,000,000 $218,587,000 10 1.500% U.S. Treasury due April 15, 2020 $30.00 15 (1) As reported by D.F. King & Co., Inc., the tender and information agent for the Tender Offer. Pursuant to the terms of the Tender Offer, the amount of Notes that will be accepted for purchase is subject to the Maximum Tender Amount.  The amounts of each series of Notes that will be accepted for purchase by the Company will be determined in accordance with the Acceptance Priority Levels specified in the table above, with 1 being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and 10 being the lowest Acceptance Priority Level, and the proration procedures described in the Offer to Purchase so as not to exceed the Maximum Tender Amount. The Company expects to determine the pricing terms for the Tender Offer at 11 a.m., New York City time, on May 3, 2017. The Tender Offer is scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on May 16, 2017.  However, because holders of Notes subject to the Tender Offer validly tendered and did not validly withdraw Notes on or prior to the Early Tender Deadline for which the aggregate principal amount exceeds the Maximum Tender Amount, the Company will not accept for purchase any Notes tendered after the Early Tender Deadline. Notes not accepted for purchase by the Company in the Tender Offer will be promptly credited to the account of the registered holder of such Notes with The Depository Trust Company or otherwise returned in accordance with the Offer to Purchase and Letter of Transmittal. The Company’s obligation to accept for purchase, and pay for, any Notes validly tendered and not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer is conditioned on the satisfaction or waiver by the Company of the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase.  Information Relating to the Tender Offer BofA Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as the lead dealer managers for the Tender Offer, and Goldman, Sachs & Co., Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. are acting as co-dealer managers.  The information agent and tender agent is D.F. King & Co., Inc.  Copies of the Offer to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and related offering materials are available by contacting D.F. King & Co., Inc. at (866) 721-1211 (toll-free), (212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers) or lowes@dfking.com.  Questions regarding the Tender Offer should be directed to BofA Merrill Lynch, Liability Management Group, at (980) 387-3907 (collect) or (888) 292-0070 (toll-free) or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Liability Management Group, at (212) 834-3833 (collect) or (866) 834-4666 (toll-free).  This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy or an offer to purchase or sell any securities.  The Tender Offer is being made only pursuant to an Offer to Purchase dated April 19, 2017 and a related Letter of Transmittal, which set forth the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer, and only in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Included herein are forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to an anticipated financing. There are many factors that affect management’s views about future events and trends of the business and operations of the Company, all as more thoroughly described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking information included in this release or any of its public filings. About Lowe’s Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving more than 17 million customers a week in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With fiscal year 2016 sales of $65.0 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service 2,365 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 290,000 people. Founded in 1946 and based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs that focus on K-12 public education and community improvement projects. For more information, visit www.Lowes.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lowes-announces-the-early-results-of-its-cash-tender-offer-for-up-to-16-billion-aggregate-principal-amount-of-certain-of-its-outstanding-debt-securities-300450530.html SOURCE Lowe’s Companies, Inc. Related Links http://www.lowes.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Agiloft Honored as Gold Stevie® Award Winner in 2017 American Business Awards(SM) Next PostNext Smart Cities Market Worth US$ 3.482 Tn by 2026 : PMR Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CubeSmart (CUBE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) to Strong Sell Canaccord Genuity Increases Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Price Target to GBX 340 Chubb Ltd (CB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) PT Raised to $80.00 at Barclays PLC Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Belden Inc. (BDC) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $1.15-$1.25 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of $1.13. The company issued revenue guidance of $595-$615 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $600.21 million.Belden also updated its FY17 guidance to $4.95-$5.20 EPS. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Belden from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Seaport Global Securities began coverage on Belden in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. They issued a buy rating and a $82.00 price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Belden in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They issued a neutral rating and a $76.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Drexel Hamilton began coverage on Belden in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a hold rating on the stock. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Belden presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $81.71. Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) opened at 68.85 on Wednesday. Belden Inc. has a 52 week low of $54.97 and a 52 week high of $81.33. The company has a market capitalization of $2.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.98 and a beta of 2.24. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $68.09 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.97. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.03. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. The company had revenue of $551.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $551.14 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.01 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Belden Inc. will post $5.07 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 16th were issued a dividend of $0.05 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 14th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.29%. Belden’s dividend payout ratio is presently 7.58%. In other news, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total transaction of $459,455.16. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,343 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,336,470.98. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.37% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Belden Inc. (BDC) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/belden-inc-bdc-releases-q2-earnings-guidance.html. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CubeSmart (CUBE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) to Strong Sell Canaccord Genuity Increases Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Price Target to GBX 340 Chubb Ltd (CB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) PT Raised to $80.00 at Barclays PLC Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Rating Reiterated by Nomura May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by stock analysts at Nomura in a research report issued on Monday. They presently have a $985.00 target price on the information services provider’s stock. Nomura’s price objective points to a potential upside of 7.48% from the company’s current price. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a price objective on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $970.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Citigroup Inc raised their price objective on shares of Alphabet from $910.00 to $975.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Needham & Company LLC raised their price objective on shares of Alphabet from $925.00 to $935.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and forty-two have given a buy rating to the stock. Alphabet currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $965.38. Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened at 916.44 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $629.91 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.44 and a beta of 0.94. Alphabet has a one year low of $663.28 and a one year high of $920.77. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $843.80 and a 200-day moving average price of $808.99. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The business had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.18 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $7.50 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Alphabet will post $33.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Rating Reiterated by Nomura” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/alphabet-inc-goog-rating-reiterated-by-nomura.html. In other news, CEO Lawrence Page sold 33,340 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $812.80, for a total transaction of $27,098,752.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 30,670 shares in the company, valued at approximately $24,928,576. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, VP James Grier Campbell sold 231 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $830.56, for a total transaction of $191,859.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 181,805 shares of company stock worth $148,706,807. 13.92% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Alphabet by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,030,811 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $9,285,625,000 after buying an additional 290,691 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Alphabet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 9,831,305 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $7,641,775,000 after buying an additional 65,873 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Alphabet by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,897,508 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $6,138,654,000 after buying an additional 138,807 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Alphabet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,058,328 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $3,154,497,000 after buying an additional 27,472 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Alphabet by 3.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,883,226 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $3,018,393,000 after buying an additional 117,242 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.74% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Special Assignment HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos TV More The ‘now’ and the ‘future’ of green baking The ‘now’ and the ‘future’ of green baking Source: Ghana | Myjoyonline.com Date: 28-11-2016 Time: 12:11:26:pm The Internet is a powerful tool for communication and research as well as providing businesses with means of connecting with consumers and generating income. Advancement in Information and Communications Technology (ICT) and the rise in the volume of banking business performed electronically are causing what will be a vital catalyst for changing the business policies of financial institutions in Ghana. According to Niels Peter Mols in his 1998 publication on "The behavioral consequences of PC banking", electronic banking is defined as the automated delivery of new and traditional banking products and services directly to customers through electronic medium. This system allows customers to access their accounts, transact business, make enquiries and have prompt responses from banks. Electronic business or e-business basically refers to buying and selling of goods and services as well as providing the customer technical support via the internet. It may also refer to any business that uses Internet technology to improve productivity and profitability. In all these processes and procedures of transacting business via electronic means, papers are eliminated unlike those performed in a traditional brick and mortar bank branch. Arunachalam Vadivel (Indian scientist) further described electronic banking as ‘Green Banking’. GENESIS OF GREEN BANKING In early 1980s, database programmers came up with the idea of electronic banking whilst developing database software for banks and this evolved simultaneously with the development of the World Wide Web. The creative process of these services where banks were offering more and more tools, information and access to financial accounts to help customers achieve their financial goals sparked off many companies to start the concept of electronic business. In 1983, the Bank of Scotland offered Nottingham Building Society (NBS) customers the first electronic banking service in the UK and this latter formed the backbone for electronic banking facilities that followed till present day. The service was referred to as ‘homelink’. All what was needed was a telephone line connecting via a TV set and a telephone to process transfers and pay bills. This facility was however very restrictive because of the number of transactions and functions an account holder could execute within a time frame. This necessitated an upgrade of the product. Yodlee, a UK account aggregation software developer, in 1994 built electronic banking software into Microsoft Money personal finance software leading to about 100,000 households accessing their bank accounts online and giving users the ability to view all their financial accounts in one place. The Stanford Credit Union took advantage of this development and created the first online banking website. According to Yoodlee in its January 2012 Online banking report, 8 US banks in 2001 have at least 1 million electronic banking users each out of about 19 million households actively using the service. Bank of America became the first bank to top 3 million online banking customers, more than 20 percent of its customer base. In comparison, larger national institutions, such as Citigroup claimed 2.2 million online relationships globally, while J.P. Morgan Chase estimated it had more than 750,000 online banking customers. Wells Fargo had 2.5 million online banking customers, including small businesses. Online customers proved more loyal and profitable than regular customers. In October 2001, Bank of America customers executed a record 3.1 million electronic bill payments, totaling more than $1 billion. Apple launched its first iPhone in 2007 shifting banking via personal computers to smartphones and by 2009, users of online banking accounts shot up to about 50 million in the US. This led to bank branches increasingly becoming less important and banking moving to kiosks and online solutions. A report by Gartner Group in the same year estimated that about 47 percent of U.S. adults and 30 percent in the United Kingdom bank online. Online banking went mainstream from 2011 to date with the proliferation of smartphones and other devices with even late adopters rooting for the service to the detriment of traditional brick and mortar branches. Customers who use e-banking are willing to refer their bank to friends and family than do traditional banking customers. A satisfied customer who is happy about online services also maintain higher balances, require less customer support and have lower attrition rates as compared to bank branch consumers. This relationship eventually deepens and translates into customer loyalty. With the advancement in electronic banking, some players in commerce took advantage of the times and launched their e-commerce wings to cash in on the new technology. This saw the launch of Amazon and eBay and they began to lead the way in e-commerce. Amazon originally operated by warehousing and delivering their goods and heavily invested in that. However, it took Amazon about 10 years after commencement of business to gain profitability which was hugely as a result of advancement in e-banking capabilities. FORMS OF ELECTRONIC BANKING E-banking comes in several forms and classifications. The terms ‘PC banking’, ‘online banking’, ‘Internet banking’, ‘Telephone banking’ and ‘mobile banking’ refer to a number of ways in which customers can access their banks without having to be physically present at the brick and mortar branch. E-banking may be understood as the term that covers all these ways of banking business electronically. TELE-BANKING This is the provision of banking services using a classic telephone line. A bank client can obtain the necessary information on dialing a telephone number specified in advance and calls may be recorded for quality assurance purposes. Before the requested banking service information is provided, the client’s identity is determined using contractually agreed terms. This contract is basically referred to as telephone, e-mail and fax indemnity. A customer who signs on to this service can access or request for information or issue an instruction on his account via these means and the bank is not liable for any loss that may be incurred in the process as long as due diligence is observed.  The client advisor or telephone banker is a bank employee capable of providing any information about products and services and, following verification that he is speaking with an authorized person, can also perform any passive or active operation such as account balance information, transfer between accounts, bill payments, loan repayment information, payment order request, account statement via fax, e-mail etc. The telephone banker can also provide advice to clients and cross sell other banking products and services. One advantage of this service is that it requires no additional technical equipment apart from a telephone. The common practice is that the bank’s call center operates 24 hours a day and it is thus possible to use their services from any place and time at your own convenience. MOBILE BANKING Mobile banking is a variation of electronic banking and a good example of how the lines between the various forms of e-banking are becoming gradually blurred. Smart phones or small hand-held PCs are providing bank customers with access to the Internet and thus paving the way to Internet banking. It assures immense flexibility through self-service and brings financial services right into the palm of customers anywhere and anytime. However, the use of mobile banking is still in a nascent state. The Ghanaian banking industry has in recent years witnessed a significant amount of transformation with the emergence of innovative products and services. Most banks now employ very innovative and cutting edge technology to offer improved accessibility to its customers. One of such innovations which is fast catching up with a lot of Ghanaians in the banking sector is Mobile banking, also known as M-Banking, SMS Banking, etc. This service affords the banking public the opportunity to transact business with their respective banks from the comfort of their mobile phones on the go. A client can automatically receive information about his account balance through a prompt: an SMS is sent to the client immediately after a certain operation is performed. Alternatively, a client sends a text message in the appropriate format to a short code provided by the bank requesting for services such as currency exchange rates or interest rates on loans and investments. Providing these is simple for the bank because this is publicly accessible information that needs no protection. However, information that is not for public consumption can only be accessed based on technologies that uses passwords and the principle of electronic keys as an added security feature. Although the awareness of this facility has gained popularity in developed countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States and Europe, subscribers to the facility in Ghana still account for a tiny percentage of the banking public so far. Undoubtedly, most Ghanaians have become mobile-savvy, and are always trying out advanced hand-sets and services. The convenience that comes with mobile banking, however, comes with great responsibility for users to ensure maximum security. PC BANKING The increasing awareness of the importance of computer literacy has resulted in increasing use of personal computers through the entire world. The term ‘PC banking’ is used for banking business transacted from a customer’s PC. Why are so many people suddenly choosing their personal computers as the new way to view and manage their money at the bank? This is because it is a valuable option to have. There is no need to queue at brick and mortar branch to perform the most basic transactions when they can be done quickly from the desktop PC anytime, day or night. It is a simple process where users log on to the banks’ Intranet proprietary software system using a username and password.                                                                                                                                                             ​ INTERNET BANKING Internet banking is the most convenient way to transact banking business at any time or place at one’s own convenience.  It would free both bankers and customers of the need for proprietary software to carry on with their online banking transactions. Customer behavior is changing rapidly and currently, financial service is characterized by individuality, independence of time and place and flexibility. These facts represent huge challenges for the financial services providers. So the Internet is now considered to be a ‘strategic weapon’ for them to satisfy the ever-changing customers’ demand and innovative business needs. SAFETY ISSUES, RISKS AND CONSTRAINTS Civilization coupled with the quest for higher purpose with career, family, religious and social lives have occupied each individual’s time leaving no space for other activities out of the normal daily routine. Electronic banking therefore appears as a boon to fill in the gap and make the cycle whole again. Users of electronic banking believe their accounts are protected and can only be accessed with username and passwords which they securely protect hence account information is safe. However, like all cherished goods, electronic banking has its own drawbacks. ONLINE FRAUD Cases of forgery have been reported in online banking over the years as a result of activities of hackers. These activities are carried out by the use of proxy websites and phishing. Hackers pretend to be an electronic user’s bankers and send emails enticing users to follow a link and once this is done, it leads to a counterfeit bank website requesting login details. These details then gets to the hands of thieves who use them at will. Most users realize these when they receive their bills at the end of the billing cycle. Hackers can also infiltrate a bank’s system through their own criminal activities and not necessarily through an electronic user. A recent case is that of Tesco Bank in the UK where the bank’s system was attacked fraudulently on the weekend of 5th and 6th November 2016. According to Benny Higgins the Chief Executive of the bank, ‘about 40,000 accounts saw suspicious transactions over the weekend, of which half had their money taken’. Customer’s got hint of their lost when they realized their card transactions were being declined at the ATM, POS and online and some also received text messages from the bank prompting them of transactions undertaken when they are actually not in the know. This caused panic amongst the bank’s customers and this could lead to a run on the bank. A UK cyber security expert Prof Alan Woodward said ‘"I've not heard of an attack of this nature and scale on a UK bank where it appears that the bank's central system is the target," Online fraud is not limited to any geographical location and as such widespread in nature. In Malaysia, 13 commercial banks agreed to spearhead campaign aimed at creating awareness among the general public on trending ways used by scammers in defrauding innocent victims. According to Abu Hassan Alshari (assistant Governor of Bank Negara Malaysia), online banking cases have declined since the awareness campaign started and has resulted in a decline in online fraud cases. He added that as of last year, losses due to online banking fraud, had dropped to RM3.2 million ($728,000) from RM3.4 million ($773,000) previously. SERVICE In a brick and mortar branch, customers get assistance with transactions when in need. A bank staff can easily be reached and spoken with unlike in the case of electronic banking. Answers to queries are often received after endless calls to customer service unit of the bank and in some cases customers are put on hold because the staff cannot immediately assist and will have to seek assistance form a colleague. Other times, contact details are taken with the promise of getting back to customers which never happens leaving the customer stranded. This practice eventually affects service delivery and e-business where the electronic user has to make payments for goods and services purchased. LACK OF TRUST Some customers do not trust the business of electronic banking. They always have doubts about the safety of money being processed electronically instead of face to face interaction with a bank staff for physical exchange of money or making payments for goods and services with cash instead of payment portals or at the POS. This is a major challenge facing the electronic age of banking. TIME CONSTRAINT & USER FRIENDLINESS Internet services are very poor in this part of the world where we find ourselves. This sector is still in a developing stage and as such there are interruptions in service provision. A user may find it difficult logging in to make payments for goods or services enjoyed because the network is down. Some people are also not comfortable using electronic banking because of their unfriendly user interface. A wrong click can cause monetary losses. PRECAUTIONERY MEASURES Security breaches especially on individual’s account requires co-operation from the individual to succeed. Fraudsters usually entice individuals with emails suggesting a claim to some prize money or landed property somewhere and eventually request for personal information including account log in details. The individual can make it difficult for these fraudsters to succeed in their act by ignoring such messages and avoid clicking on those links suggested to follow and also use a combination of alphanumeric and special keys as passwords for online log in. Banks also owe it a responsibility to protect customers who entrust in their care not just monies but also their identity and other personal information. Such information should not be accessed by unauthorized persons either on the banks database or intercepted during transmission. Encryption is the most effective way to achieve this goal.   Plain text should not be transmitted to customers but rather a cipher or encrypted text which can only be accessed by the intended recipient using the same secret code used at the source of the transmission. There should also be a mechanism instituted to confirm the authenticity of users before giving out information on an account. Digital signature which is an e-signature technology of encryption and passwords can be attached to files before transmitting in order to verify the sender’s identity. Security certificates which are unique digital ID can also be used to verify the identity of an individual or a server. Currently, banks invest heavily in firewalls so they can have the assurance that their banking system is protected from attacks over the internet. This they do by avoiding a direct connection of the banking system to the internet but rather through a firewall. Firewalls are basically network security systems that serve as a barrier between a trusted network and untrusted network in order to prevent unauthorized access to or from a private network. FUTURE OF GREEN BANKING The advent of electronic banking has created an information age and commoditization of banking services. Banks have come to realize that survival in the new e-economy depends on delivering some or all of their banking services on the Internet while continuing to support their traditional infrastructure. Electronic business is providing a competitive advantage for banks by lowering operational cost and attaining customer satisfaction. A strong banking industry is inevitable in every country and can have a significant effect in supporting economic development through efficient financial services. The role of banking industry in Ghana needs to change to keep up with current trends. This change will include moving from traditional distribution channel banking and fully embrace the electronic distribution channel banking. Banks will have to move from providing basic electronic banking services to more advanced, convenient and safer ones. Users should be able to access online banking applications free from the appstore without having to log on to the bank’s website each time they intend to initiate a transaction. It should also be possible for users to book investments such as fixed deposit and Treasury bill online, initiate personal offshore remittances, buy and sell forex and all at the customer’s comfort without having to visit brick and mortar branch. This is the kind of special relationship technology should bring to users so that the bank becomes a ‘neighborhood bank’ no matter the distance between the user’s location and the bank. The rise in electronic banking however will eventually lead to the death of brick and mortar branch since it will become the preserve for customers who prefer to manage their money and transactions through the old fashioned way. Branches will primarily serve as customer help points advising on products and services that are best for its customers as well as providing solutions to issues that may arise from the use of electronic banking. CONCLUSION Information technology has empowered customers and businesses with information needed to make better investment decisions and at the same time allowing banks to offer new products, operate more efficiently, raise productivity, expand geographically for a wider reach and compete globally. Every day, more and more people are turning to technology for their personal banking. It is a safe, convenient way to shop for financial services, maintain bank accounts and conduct business 24/7 without much limitation. Users today are able to better manage their time without having to plan their day around the bank. The days of having to spend hours in a queue at the bank just to make a deposit or transfer funds are gradually dying out and replaced with rather swift and efficient electronic means. In carrying out these transactions electronically, the use of paper is ruled out thus saving the environment as well as space in offices, cars and homes which previously would have been filled with printed bank statements, bills and other requests from the bank. Online banking allows users to have overview of personal financial situation so you are well informed of available account balance before making informed choices in a long term budget on payments and investments. E-banking has become a necessary survival weapon and is fundamentally changing the banking industry worldwide. Today, the click of the mouse offers customers banking services at a much lower cost and also empowers them with unprecedented freedom in choosing vendors for their financial service needs. The rise of E-banking is redefining business relationships and the most successful banks will be those that can truly strengthen their relationship with their customers.                           Writer: Edem Anewu Banker Anewu.edem@gmail.com What others are reading NDC must stay in opposition for 16 years – Kweku Baako Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Association of alcohol manufacturers commends FDA probe into Adonko Bitters saga Students get ‘free passco’ on Vodafone’s Instant Schools portal Latest Stories Akufo-Addo advocates for 24-hours opening of Ghana-Togo borders I’m sorry – Nii Noi begs Akufo-Addo A rewarding career in Corporate Communications Expect power in three hours - GRIDCO confirms 70% plunged in darkness Coventry graduate recounts life-changing commitment to tackling terrorism Previous article Wilfried Zaha swaps England for Ivory Coast Next article A curious observer of the US elections LIFESTYLE Doctors unhappy with queueing to use theatre ODD NEWS Father drinks his daughter's breast milk to help beat bowel cancer AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY Galaxy S8: The Smartphone Evolution We Dreamt About OBITUARY Madam SARDIS EMMAROSE OSEW ELECTIONS EC holds district elections in Nkoranza after 2015 disruption Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Infineon Technologies AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infineon Technologies AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Loblaw Companies Ltd (L) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.27 Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Declares $0.34 Quarterly Dividend Melco Crown Entertainment (MPEL) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Viad Corp (VVI) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.28 Graco Inc. (GGG) VP Brian J. Zumbolo Sells 25,500 Shares Gladstone Commercial (GOOD) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.10 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Resolute Energy Corp (REN) Stock Price Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Has $12.36 Million Stake in Cognex Co. (CGNX) Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Acquires 111,935 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Shares Bought by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Has $11.699 Million Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Position Raised by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Goodwin Daniel L Invests $473,000 in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Shares Sold by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Purchases 7,268 Shares of Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $3.017 Million Position in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Receives Buy Rating from Nomura RPM International Inc. (RPM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research TAL Education Group (TAL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given a €21.50 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Infineon Technologies AG (ETR:IFXA) received a €21.50 ($23.37) target price from Kepler Capital Markets in a report issued on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the technology company’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on IFXA. Deutsche Bank AG set a €20.00 ($21.74) target price on shares of Infineon Technologies AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €19.00 ($20.65) price target on shares of Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Commerzbank Ag set a €18.50 ($20.11) price target on shares of Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Baader Bank set a €19.00 ($20.65) price target on shares of Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €18.00 ($19.57) price target on shares of Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €18.37 ($19.96). Shares of Infineon Technologies AG (ETR:IFXA) opened at 18.762 on Wednesday. Infineon Technologies AG has a 12-month low of €11.72 and a 12-month high of €19.28. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €18.34 and its 200-day moving average price is €16.88. The company has a market capitalization of €21.14 billion and a PE ratio of 28.087. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/infineon-technologies-ag-ifxa-given-a-21-50-price-target-at-kepler-capital-markets.html. Infineon Technologies AG Company Profile Infineon Technologies AG is a Germany-based company developing semiconductors and system solutions for automotive and industrial electronics, and chip card, as well as security applications. It diversifies its operations into four main divisions: Automotive; Industrial Power Control; Chip card & Security, and Power Management and Multimarket. Receive News & Ratings for Infineon Technologies AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infineon Technologies AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CubeSmart (CUBE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) to Strong Sell Canaccord Genuity Increases Charles Stanley Group plc (CAY) Price Target to GBX 340 Chubb Ltd (CB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) PT Raised to $80.00 at Barclays PLC Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Warburg Research Reiterates “€97.00” Price Target for Basf Se (BAS) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Basf Se (ETR:BAS) has been assigned a €97.00 ($105.43) target price by stock analysts at Warburg Research in a report issued on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the basic materials company’s stock. BAS has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($114.13) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($119.57) target price on Basf Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €75.00 ($81.52) target price on Basf Se and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €45.00 ($48.91) target price on Basf Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €92.00 ($100.00) target price on Basf Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €90.69 ($98.57). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 89.197 on Wednesday. Basf Se has a 1-year low of €63.30 and a 1-year high of €94.15. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €90.77 and a 200 day moving average price of €86.81. The stock has a market cap of €81.93 billion and a P/E ratio of 20.226. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Warburg Research Reiterates “€97.00” Price Target for Basf Se (BAS)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/warburg-research-reiterates-97-00-price-target-for-basf-se-bas.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hastings Group Hldg PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Loblaw Companies Ltd (L) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.27 Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Declares $0.34 Quarterly Dividend Melco Crown Entertainment (MPEL) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Viad Corp (VVI) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.28 Graco Inc. (GGG) VP Brian J. Zumbolo Sells 25,500 Shares Gladstone Commercial (GOOD) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.10 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Resolute Energy Corp (REN) Stock Price Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Has $12.36 Million Stake in Cognex Co. (CGNX) Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Acquires 111,935 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Shares Bought by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Has $11.699 Million Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Position Raised by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Goodwin Daniel L Invests $473,000 in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Shares Sold by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Purchases 7,268 Shares of Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $3.017 Million Position in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Receives Buy Rating from Nomura RPM International Inc. (RPM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research TAL Education Group (TAL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Hastings Group Hldg PLC’s (HSTG) Sell Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital restated their sell rating on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC (LON:HSTG) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on HSTG. Berenberg Bank lifted their price target on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC from GBX 253 ($3.27) to GBX 315 ($4.07) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Macquarie reaffirmed an underperform rating and set a GBX 163 ($2.10) price target on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.10) price target on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Beaufort Securities reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 253.67 ($3.28). Shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC (LON:HSTG) opened at 304.80 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 274.22 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 238.12. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.00 billion. Hastings Group Hldg PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 162.90 and a 12-month high of GBX 307.10. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/hastings-group-hldg-plcs-hstg-sell-rating-reiterated-at-shore-capital.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a GBX 6.60 ($0.09) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.85%. This is a boost from Hastings Group Hldg PLC’s previous dividend of $3.30. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. In other Hastings Group Hldg PLC news, insider Richard Mark Brewster sold 9,000,001 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 248 ($3.20), for a total value of £22,320,002.48 ($28,818,595.84). Hastings Group Hldg PLC Company Profile Hastings Group Holdings plc, formerly Hastings Group Holdings Limited, is a holding company. The Company provides general insurance. Its segments include Underwriting, Retail and Corporate. The Underwriting segment includes underwriting business based in Gibraltar. The Underwriting segment includes its subsidiaries, Advantage Insurance Company Limited (AICL), which is engaged in underwriting general insurance, primarily private car insurance in the United Kingdom, and Conquest House Limited, which owns property utilized by the Company. Receive News & Ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close JP Morgan JP Morgan to move hundreds of jobs out of UK due to Brexit US bank says it may consider shifting more staff to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg once outcome of talks with EU is known JP Morgan says it will move hundreds of people in the short term, and other roles may follow. Photograph: Neil Hall/Reuters JP Morgan JP Morgan to move hundreds of jobs out of UK due to Brexit US bank says it may consider shifting more staff to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg once outcome of talks with EU is known Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jill Treanor Wednesday 3 May 2017 08.07 EDT First published on Wednesday 3 May 2017 07.29 EDT Up to 1,000 bankers working for JP Morgan in the City of London are to be relocated to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as the US bank becomes the latest to set out Brexit plans. Revealing for the first time the locations that will benefit from the UK’s exit from the EU, one of the US bank’s most senior executives indicated that other roles would follow once the outcome of the Brexit negotiations was known. “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations,” Daniel Pinto, JP Morgan’s head of investment banking, told Bloomberg. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers.” Deutsche Bank: 4,000 jobs at risk of being moved out of UK after Brexit Read more His remarks came as Standard Chartered, which is listed in London but focuses on emerging markets, told shareholders at its annual meeting in the UK capital on Wednesday that it was in talks with regulators in Frankfurt about setting up a new subsidiary in Germany. José Viñals, Standard Chartered’s chairman, said the bank already had a branch in the German city. “We are looking at setting up a subsidiary in the EU to ensure we are prepared,” he told the AGM. Standard Chartered, which is expecting to be only slightly impacted by Brexit, intends to hire a handful of staff locally in Frankfurt – where 90 are already employed – rather than move London staff to Germany. Now that article 50 – the formal process of leaving the EU – has been triggered, major City employers have also begun to outline their Brexit plans to ensure that they can keep operating in the remaining 27 EU nations. Last week, Richard Gnodde, the head of European operations at Goldman Sachs, said he would need more people in Madrid, Milan, Paris and other EU centres. Deutsche Bank has said up to 4,000 jobs from its UK workforce of 9,000 could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU because of uncertainty about Britain’s relationship with the rest of the bloc. The exact scale of the JP Morgan moves has not yet been finalised, although it is thought that between 500 and 1,000 could be relocated. In the run-up to the EU referendum, JP Morgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, warned that up to 4,000 roles would be at risk in the event of a vote to leave. He has since said this figure could be higher or lower, depending on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations. The bank employs about 16,000 people in the UK, with about 11,000 in the City, 4,000 in Bournemouth – it is the biggest private-sector employer in Dorset – and the remainder in Scotland. Pinto said the outcome of discussions over “passporting”, under which banks can operate seamlessly across the EU, would be important. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients … We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there,” he said. In recent weeks, JP Morgan has also been linked to discussions about buying an office building in Dublin big enough to hold more than 1,000 workers, which had prompted speculation that it would be one of the locations to benefit from Brexit. However, Dublin also appears to have lost out, as Standard Chartered was linked with the Irish capital before the announcement that it was in talks about expanding in Germany. Ever since the vote for Brexit, European financial centres have been battling over the business that will need to be conducted outside the UK. While Frankfurt is often cited as the obvious location, insurance company Lloyds of London is setting up a subsidiary in Brussels, while HSBC plans to shift 1,000 roles to Paris. Topics JP Morgan Banking Standard Chartered Financial sector EU referendum and Brexit European Union news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Up to 100,000 UK jobs at risk as Merkel and Juncker ally warns on euro clearing EU lawmaker Manfred Weber says sector must relocate out of City of London after Brexit Published: 4 Apr 2017 Up to 100,000 UK jobs at risk as Merkel and Juncker ally warns on euro clearing Leading City firms begin to lay groundwork for London jobs exodus Lloyd’s of London and Royal London set up subsidiaries outside of UK as JP Morgan and Citigroup explore relocation options Published: 30 Mar 2017 Leading City firms begin to lay groundwork for London jobs exodus Lloyd’s of London will move jobs to new Brussels office World’s biggest insurance market expected to shift 100 out of 600 jobs from London to retain presence in EU post-Brexit Published: 29 Mar 2017 Lloyd’s of London will move jobs to new Brussels office UK banks asked to draw up plans to show they are prepared for Brexit Bank of England says City institutions need to reassure regulators that they are ready for a range of possible outcomes Published: 27 Mar 2017 UK banks asked to draw up plans to show they are prepared for Brexit Citigroup plans new operations away from London after Brexit Published: 24 Jan 2017 Citigroup plans new operations away from London after Brexit Financial firms in talks with Amsterdam over relocation from London Published: 23 Jan 2017 Financial firms in talks with Amsterdam over relocation from London City of London could be cut off from Europe, says ECB official Published: 25 Jun 2016 City of London could be cut off from Europe, says ECB official Can post-Brexit London survive as Europe's cultural and financial capital? Published: 23 Jan 2017 Can post-Brexit London survive as Europe's cultural and financial capital? More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › JP Morgan back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Earns Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Alphabet’s (GOOG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Raises POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Price Target to $85.00 Microsoft’s (MSFT) Buy Rating Reiterated at Sanford C. Bernstein Macquarie Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Aegis Reaffirms Buy Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Carroll Bancorp Inc (CROL) Director Leo A. Vondas Purchases 8,731 Shares Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Buys 350 Shares of TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Purchases New Position in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Buys Shares of 6,000 Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Cuts Position in Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Position Held by Access Financial Services Inc. Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in Apache Co. (APA) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Acquires Shares of 33,344 Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Purchases New Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Earnings Beat KeyCorp Weighs in on Under Armour Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (UAA) Brokers Set Expectations for EQT Co.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (EQT) Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Gap Up After Analyst Upgrade $0.52 Earnings Per Share Expected for LKQ Co. (LKQ) This Quarter May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages forecast that LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) will post earnings per share (EPS) of $0.52 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Eight analysts have issued estimates for LKQ’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.50 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.54. LKQ posted earnings of $0.55 per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year-over-year growth rate of 5.5%. The firm is expected to report its next earnings results on Thursday, July 27th. On average, analysts expect that LKQ will report full year earnings of $1.86 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.82 to $1.90. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will report earnings of $2.09 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.01 to $2.17. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that that provide coverage for LKQ. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46 by $0.03. The business earned $2.34 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. LKQ had a net margin of 5.48% and a return on equity of 16.41%. LKQ’s revenue for the quarter was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.42 earnings per share. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on LKQ shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of LKQ in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 price target on the stock. William Blair reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of LKQ in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $41.00 price target (up from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.25. Shares of LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) opened at 31.46 on Wednesday. LKQ has a one year low of $27.85 and a one year high of $36.35. The company has a 50 day moving average of $29.39 and a 200-day moving average of $31.32. The firm has a market cap of $9.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.03 and a beta of 0.51. In related news, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total transaction of $903,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 319,380 shares in the company, valued at $9,622,919.40. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP John S. Quinn sold 8,522 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.67, for a total transaction of $269,891.74. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 269,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,525,468.99. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Conning Inc. bought a new stake in LKQ during the third quarter worth about $216,000. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc increased its stake in LKQ by 2.6% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 17,893 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $634,000 after buying an additional 456 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in LKQ by 3.2% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 47,225 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $1,675,000 after buying an additional 1,481 shares during the period. V Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in LKQ during the third quarter worth about $1,324,000. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in LKQ by 0.3% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 990,068 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $35,108,000 after buying an additional 2,981 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.66% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “$0.52 Earnings Per Share Expected for LKQ Co. (LKQ) This Quarter” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/0-52-earnings-per-share-expected-for-lkq-co-lkq-this-quarter.html. About LKQ LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on LKQ (LKQ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Companies Matrimony.com posts Rs. 300 crore in revenues for FY2017; IPO likely in September quarter, says founder-CEO Murugavel Janakiraman Murugavel Janakiraman, founder and CEO of Matrimony.com, which owns BharatMatrimony and few other matchmaking portals, speaks about the upcoming initial public offering (IPO) to International Business Times, India edition. S V Krishnamachari   May 3, 2017 16:13 IST A traditional South Indian wedding (representational image).Commons wikipedia Matrimony.com, which owns BharatMatrimony, the online portal for matrimonial listings, clocked revenues of around Rs. 300 crore for 2016-17. The Chennai-based company is all set to hit the capital markets in the second quarter this fiscal. "Our revenues was just above Rs. 300 crore...I can't divulge other details given that we are in the process of our initial public offering (IPO)," founder-CEO Murugavel Janakiraman told the International Business Times India edition. The IPO will comprise fresh shares in addition to stake sale by existing investors including founder-CEO Murugavel Janakiraman. "Obviously, there will be some dilution of stake by existing investors apart from fresh issues of share during the IPO," the 47-year-old entrepreneur said.  The three investors are Bressmer Venture Partners, JPMorgan Partners and Mayfield. The Chennai-based company had to shelve its IPO plans last year due to "weak market conditions". The company that owns few other matchmaking portals in addition to BharatMatrimony, will have to go in for fresh approval from capital markets regulator Sebi since the earlier one expired last December. Janakiraman refused to divulge the IPO size and other details or for that matter, the percentage of stake sale by the existing investors, saying they are still being worked out. In its draft prospectus filed in August 2015, Matrimony.com had sought permission from Sebi to raise Rs. 350 crore by way of fresh issue of shares, in addition to offer for sale (OFS) by existing investors.   The document said the company's revenues for 2014-15 stood at Rs. 242.84 crore, most of which came from matchmaking services. Profit before exceptional items was Rs. 11.2 crore. The exceptional item referred to was legal expenses amounting to Rs. 14.62 crore incurred on a case in New Jersey. Matrimony.com's rivals include People Group's shaadi.com and Info Edge's jeevansathi.com. Highlights of the draft prospectus filed by Matrimony.com in August 2015: Based on the Marriage Services Report (prepared for the company by KPMG), it is also estimated that approximately 65% of the Indian population is under 35 years. The young base will get married in the next two decades and result in an average of 10 to 12 million weddings per year until fiscal 2025. The six subsidiaries of Matrimony.com are: Community Matrimony Private Limited; Sys India Private Limited; Matchify Services Private Limited; Tambulya Online Marketplace Private Limited; Consim Info USA. Inc. and BharatMatrimony LLC. Murugavel Janakiraman held 11,768, 137 (11.76 million) shares, or 79.63 percent, of the total share capital, as of August 4, 2015. Post Comment IBT TV Close Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigns after referendum loss Why advertise with us? Latest News National Steel Policy 2017 likely to lift Tata Steel, JSW, Jindal Stainless, SAIL share prices 11 hours ago By S V Krishnamachari 7th Pay Commission: 55 lakh Central government pensioners to get higher pension with effect from January 2016 14 hours ago By S V Krishnamachari Why advertise with us? most popular BMR elevates five partners in Mumbai, Delhi The partners are Anand Laxmeshwar, Sumit Singhania, Saurabh Kanchan, Lokesh Malik and Harkishan Bhatia. Wipro unveils new brand identity and logo "The new brand identity marks our journey of transformation in the digital world," says Abidali Z. Neemuchwala, CEO and Executive Director, Wipro. 'Bikini airline' VietJet plans to grab 50% market share, raises cap on foreign ownership VietJet, Vietnam's only private airline, which went public this February, shot into fame first in 2012 for hiring bikini-clad women to walk the aisle. Infosys decision to hire 10,000 Americans seen as yielding to pressure tactics of Trump administration A day after Infosys said it will be hiring 10,000 American workers over two years, a White House spokesperson lauds CEO Vishal Sikka's decision. ICICI Bank reports 189% rise in Q4 net profit but bad loans spike While standalone net profit rose to Rs 2,025 crore ($312 million) from Rs 702 crore, YoY, bad loans as a percentage of total advances also shot up. ICICI Group launches 100 'ICICI Digital Villages' The 100 villages that have been transformed into 'ICICI Digital Villages' are located across 17 states in India. Hudco IPO to open on May 8, close on May 11 A fully-owned public sector company, Hudco, is offering 20 crore shares by way of offer of sale at a price band of Rs 56-60 per share. Fortigo Network (4TiGO) raises $10 million from Nandan Nilekani, Accel Partners In the Series A round, Fortigo Network raised $10 million from Infosys co-founder and former UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani, and Accel Partners. Photo Gallery Rohan Mehra's pictures from his Dubai trip will make you fall in love with him again Rohan Mehra, fondly known as the Prince of India after his Bigg Boss stint has taken the title rather seriously & is living it up in Abu Dhabi & taking social media by storm by posting pictures of his extravagant life in the Emirates. Poster of Sweetie weds NRI Sweetie weds NRI is an upcoming Bollywood comedy, romantic movie directed by Hasnain Hyderabadwala under the Grand Motion Picture banner. Starring Himansh Kohli and Zoya Afroz in the lead role. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UNILEVER PRICES $3.15BILLION BOND ON THE US MARKET Unilever prices $3.15 bILLIOn bond on the U.S. market     Unilever has on 2 May 2017 priced a quadruple-tranche $3.15 billion bond on the U.S. market. $ 800 million 1.80 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2020, $ 850 million 2.20 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2022, $ 500 million 2.60 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2024 and a further $ 1 billion 2.90 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2027. The bond offering is scheduled to close on 5 May 2017.   This offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained by calling Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 1-800-503-4611, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC at 1-866-471-2526, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 1-212-834-4533 or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at 1-866-718-1649.   An electronic copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement, together with the prospectus, is also available on the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.       About Unilever Unilever is one of the world’s leading suppliers of Food, Home Care, Personal Care and Refreshment products with sales in over 190 countries and reaching 2.5 billion consumers a day. It has 169,000 employees and generated sales of €52.7 billion in 2016. Over half (57%) of the company’s footprint is in developing and emerging markets. Unilever has more than 400 brands found in homes around the world, including Persil, Dove, Knorr, Domestos, Hellmann’s, Lipton, Wall’s, PG Tips, Ben & Jerry’s,  Magnum and Lynx.  Unilever’s Sustainable Living Plan commits to: ·     Helping more than a billion people take action to improve their health and well-being by 2020. ·     Halving the environmental impact of our products by 2030. ·     Enhancing the livelihoods of millions of people by 2020.   Unilever was ranked number one in its sector in the 2016 Dow Jones Sustainability Index. In the FTSE4Good Index, it achieved the highest environmental score of 5. It led the list of Global Corporate Sustainability Leaders in the 2016 GlobeScan/SustainAbility annual survey for the sixth year running. Unilever was ranked the most sustainable food and beverage company in Oxfam’s Behind the Brands Scorecard in 2016 for the second year.   Safe Harbour   This announcement may contain forward-looking statements, including ‚forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as ‚will’, ‚aim’, ‚expects’, ‚anticipates’, ‚intends’, ‚looks’, ‚believes’, ‚vision’, or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Unilever Group (the „Group”). They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance.   Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties, the material or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ materially are: Unilever’s global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever’s ability to innovate and remain competitive; Unilever’s investment choices in its portfolio management; inability to find sustainable solutions to support long-term growth; customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of talented employees; disruptions in our supply chain; the cost of raw materials and commodities; the production of safe and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; successful execution of acquisitions, divestitures and business transformation projects; economic and political risks and natural disasters; the effect of climate change on Unilever’s business; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing regulatory, tax and legal matters. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this announcement. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group’s filings with the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2016 and the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2016.             CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blocklisting of shares Next PostNext Intercooler Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UNILEVER PRICES $3.15BILLION BOND ON THE US MARKET Unilever prices $3.15 bILLIOn bond on the U.S. market     Unilever has on 2 May 2017 priced a quadruple-tranche $3.15 billion bond on the U.S. market. $ 800 million 1.80 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2020, $ 850 million 2.20 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2022, $ 500 million 2.60 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2024 and a further $ 1 billion 2.90 per cent fixed rate notes are due 5 May 2027. The bond offering is scheduled to close on 5 May 2017.   This offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be obtained by calling Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. at 1-800-503-4611, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC at 1-866-471-2526, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at 1-212-834-4533 or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at 1-866-718-1649.   An electronic copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement, together with the prospectus, is also available on the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.       About Unilever Unilever is one of the world’s leading suppliers of Food, Home Care, Personal Care and Refreshment products with sales in over 190 countries and reaching 2.5 billion consumers a day. It has 169,000 employees and generated sales of €52.7 billion in 2016. Over half (57%) of the company’s footprint is in developing and emerging markets. Unilever has more than 400 brands found in homes around the world, including Persil, Dove, Knorr, Domestos, Hellmann’s, Lipton, Wall’s, PG Tips, Ben & Jerry’s,  Magnum and Lynx.  Unilever’s Sustainable Living Plan commits to: ·     Helping more than a billion people take action to improve their health and well-being by 2020. ·     Halving the environmental impact of our products by 2030. ·     Enhancing the livelihoods of millions of people by 2020.   Unilever was ranked number one in its sector in the 2016 Dow Jones Sustainability Index. In the FTSE4Good Index, it achieved the highest environmental score of 5. It led the list of Global Corporate Sustainability Leaders in the 2016 GlobeScan/SustainAbility annual survey for the sixth year running. Unilever was ranked the most sustainable food and beverage company in Oxfam’s Behind the Brands Scorecard in 2016 for the second year.   Safe Harbour   This announcement may contain forward-looking statements, including ‚forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as ‚will’, ‚aim’, ‚expects’, ‚anticipates’, ‚intends’, ‚looks’, ‚believes’, ‚vision’, or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Unilever Group (the „Group”). They are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance.   Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties, the material or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ materially are: Unilever’s global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever’s ability to innovate and remain competitive; Unilever’s investment choices in its portfolio management; inability to find sustainable solutions to support long-term growth; customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of talented employees; disruptions in our supply chain; the cost of raw materials and commodities; the production of safe and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; successful execution of acquisitions, divestitures and business transformation projects; economic and political risks and natural disasters; the effect of climate change on Unilever’s business; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing regulatory, tax and legal matters. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this announcement. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group’s filings with the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including in the Annual Report on Form 20-F 2016 and the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2016.             CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blocklisting of shares Next PostNext Intercooler Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AmTrust Financial Services’ (AFSI) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Director William P. Wood Sells 5,000 Shares John D. Dilullo Sells 3,420 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Stock Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Major Shareholder Buys $2,543,250.00 in Stock Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Stephens NxStage Medical (NXTM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Oak Valley Bancorp (OVLY) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Sabre Corp’s (SABR) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Invesco Municipal Income Opp Trust (OIA) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.36 Nuveen New Jersey Dividend Advantg Mncpl (NXJ) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Sells 26,258 Shares of SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANW) TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Stake Raised by Jennison Associates LLC Jennison Associates LLC Has $88.042 Million Position in NiSource Inc. (NI) Jennison Associates LLC Sells 6,174 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) Park Electrochemical Corp. (PKE) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Announces Earnings Results Prudential plc (PRU) Given Overweight Rating at Morgan Stanley May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Prudential plc (LON:PRU) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 2,095 ($27.05) price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on PRU. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,252 ($16.17) to GBX 1,450 ($18.72) and gave the company an underweight rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. HSBC Holdings plc set a GBX 1,890 ($24.40) target price on shares of Prudential plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Barclays PLC cut their target price on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,845 ($23.82) to GBX 1,844 ($23.81) and set an overweight rating for the company in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 1,775 ($22.92) target price on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Macquarie reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,683 ($21.73) target price on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 1,815.79 ($23.44). Prudential plc (LON:PRU) opened at 1732.00 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,695.77 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,584.91. Prudential plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,801.50. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 44.52 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/prudential-plc-pru-given-overweight-rating-at-morgan-stanley.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be paid a dividend of GBX 30.57 ($0.39) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This is a boost from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. This represents a dividend yield of 1.78%. In related news, insider Tony Paul Wilkey sold 147,537 shares of Prudential plc stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.47), for a total transaction of £2,453,540.31 ($3,167,902.27). Also, insider John W. Foley sold 22,807 shares of Prudential plc stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.47), for a total transaction of £379,280.41 ($489,710.02). Over the last ninety days, insiders have purchased 34 shares of company stock valued at $55,326. Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company (Prudential) is a United Kingdom-based international financial services company. The Company offers a range of retail financial products and services and asset management services throughout these territories. The Company operates through Insurance operations and Asset management operations. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endo International plc - - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL) Director Buys $145,000.00 in Stock Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $479,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) ITT Inc. (ITT) Position Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Lowers Position in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Landstar System, Inc. Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) Safety Insurance Group (SAFT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.51 Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Shell Asset Management Co. Has $1.944 Million Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Acquires 659 Shares of Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Increased by KeyCorp Rockwood Holdings (ROC) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.53 Ocwen Financial Corp Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (OCN) Allianzgi Convertible & Income Fund II (NCZ) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.56 Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Mobile Mini Inc (MINI) Reinsurance Group of America’s (RGA) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Hamilton Lane Inc (HLNE) Earns Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Issued By Gabelli SJW Group (SJW) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 on June 1st Endo International plc – (ENDP) PT Set at $14.00 by Canaccord Genuity May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) has been given a $14.00 price objective by research analysts at Canaccord Genuity in a research report issued on Monday. The firm currently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Canaccord Genuity’s price target indicates a potential upside of 20.20% from the company’s current price. ENDP has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded Endo International plc – from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Endo International plc – from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Endo International plc – from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price objective on shares of Endo International plc – in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies set a $12.00 price objective on Endo International plc – and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Fourteen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.74. Shares of Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) opened at 11.65 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $10.83 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.02. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.60 billion. Endo International plc – has a one year low of $9.70 and a one year high of $28.07. Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $1.77 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.14. Endo International plc – had a positive return on equity of 15.95% and a negative net margin of 3.32%. The firm had revenue of $1.24 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.17 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.36 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 15.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Endo International plc – will post $3.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Endo International plc – (ENDP) PT Set at $14.00 by Canaccord Genuity” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/endo-international-plc-endp-pt-set-at-14-00-by-canaccord-genuity.html. In related news, Director Nancy J. Hutson sold 5,325 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.82, for a total value of $57,616.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 0.70% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of ENDP. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its stake in Endo International plc – by 220.4% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 292,216 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,261,000 after buying an additional 201,022 shares in the last quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund increased its stake in Endo International plc – by 84.0% in the first quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 155,261 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,733,000 after buying an additional 70,900 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. increased its stake in Endo International plc – by 13.8% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 269,453 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,008,000 after buying an additional 32,760 shares in the last quarter. First Quadrant L P CA purchased a new stake in Endo International plc – during the first quarter valued at about $24,556,000. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in Endo International plc – by 400.0% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 343,874 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,838,000 after buying an additional 275,101 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.50% of the company’s stock. Endo International plc – Company Profile Endo International PLC, formerly Endo Health Solutions Inc is a specialty healthcare solutions company focused on branded and generic pharmaceuticals, devices and services. The Company has a portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals that includes brands, such as Lidoderm, Opana ER, Voltaren Gel, Percocet, Frova, Supprelin LA, Vantas, Valstar and Fortesta Gel. Receive News & Ratings for Endo International plc - Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Read This, Spike That What Does Wall Street Really Think of Trump? Many financial pros like the president’s business-friendly agenda but worry about his effectiveness. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By John Kimelman Biography May 2, 2017 6:10 p.m. ET Getty Images It’s understandable why many on Wall Street like the presidency of Donald Trump, at least on the record. For one, they can read the stock charts like anyone else. And since Trump was elected, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index has gained an impressive 11.8% as investors see much to like in presidential initiatives that include cutting corporate and individual taxes and reducing regulations. Moreover, there’s evidence in recent weeks that Trump has been more inclined to take the advice of the ex Wall Street executives in his administration such as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn than more divisive figures like Steve Bannon. Trump’s softening of his tough trade stance against China in the past month is music to the ears of many on Wall Street who see the possibility of a trade war as bad for business. But as some fresh reporting by Reuters suggests, Wall Street might like Trump’s policies but that doesn’t mean that they are entirely comfortable with the man behind them or his ability to turn ideas into law. “On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump’s mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy,” writes Reuters. “ Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals.” But Reuters wrote that in “interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done.” Reuters wrote that while Wall Street executives at the Milken event “remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said.” The article also cited a recent report by financial services regulatory practice unit of PricewaterhouseCoopers that echoed the concerns of the executives quoted. “Despite Trump’s talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will yield few results, that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections,” the Reuters piece added. But while many on Wall Street are still seeking to give Trump the benefit of the doubt, there was at least one man at the Milken conference who was outspoken in his condemnation of the new president. Nouriel Roubini, an New York University economics professor and a man famous for forecasting the 2008 financial crisis, fears Wall Street is badly underestimating the negatives lurking beneath President Trump’s agenda, according to CNNMoney. In fact, Roubini, also known by his nickname “Dr. Doom,” believes Trump and his policies have “vaulted to the top of the list of risks threatening the global economy.” In comments to a CNNMoney reporter from the sidelines of the Milken event, Roubini argued that the “biggest uncertainty in the world and biggest tail risk comes from the economic, foreign and security policies of the Trump administration.” More From Barron’s Poll: Top Money Managers Favor Tech, Finance Under Trump Tax Plan, Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Big Property Plays in an Aging Bull Market The New York University professor explained that because the US is the world’s biggest economy, the consequences of a “severe policy mistake” can be enormous. “Markets are overestimating the positives and underestimating the negatives” from Trump’s policies,” Roubini told CNNMoney. Of course, these are the words of Dr. Doom so the possibility for negative overstatement is great. But what’s clear is that when it comes to appraising Donald Trump, the Wall Street establishment is talking out of both sides of its mouth. Email: editors@barrons.com Follow @johnkimelman Follow Barron’s on Twitter Like Barron’s on Facebook Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Read This, Spike That 1. The Media Gush, Gnash Teeth on Trump Tax Plan 2. The Market Endorses Trump’s First 100 Days 3. The Stock Market’s Wall of Worry Stands Tall 4. How Well Do Stocks Hold Up In Geopolitical Crises? 5. How Dollar Moves Stocks; More Stockpicker Pain Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple: Buy the Dip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Time to Buy European Bank Stocks 2 Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon 3 Under Armour Can't Rely On Sneakers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News West Corp (WSTC) Insider Sells $82,825.51 in Stock OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 4th Seres Therapeutics (MCRB) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Klondex Mines (KLDX) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Pentair plc. Ordinary Share to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.49 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (PNR) Deutsche Bank AG Raises Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Price Target to $77.00 KLR Group Boosts QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Price Target to $23.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Canon Inc (CAJ) to Hold Brokerages Set $48.00 Target Price for KB Financial Group, Inc. (KB) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Microsoft Co. Increased by Jefferies Group (MSFT) Deutsche Bank AG Trims FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Target Price to $38.00 Radian Group Inc (RDN) PT Lowered to $21.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $32.24 Million Deutsche Bank AG Boosts L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Price Target to $190.00 Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.704 Million Position in General Motors Company (GM) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by David R. Rahn & Associates Inc. Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV Holds Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 148,146 Shares of EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Allstate Corp (ALL) Position Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Bayer AG (BAYN) Given a €118.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank set a €118.00 ($128.26) price objective on Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the healthcare company’s stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a €120.00 ($130.43) target price on Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €120.00 ($130.43) target price on Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €118.00 ($128.26) target price on Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €114.14 ($124.07). Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) opened at 111.675 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of €92.35 billion and a P/E ratio of 20.528. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of €107.38 and a 200-day moving average price of €100.34. Bayer AG has a 52 week low of €83.87 and a 52 week high of €114.03. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/bayer-ag-bayn-given-a-118-00-price-target-by-berenberg-bank-analysts.html. Bayer AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $353.56 Million in Sales Expected for Incyte Co. (INCY) This Quarter Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) NexPoint Residential Trust Inc (NXRT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Aetna Inc (AET) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $15.21 Billion Huntsman Co. Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.95 Per Share (HUN) Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $822.8 Million Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share’s FY2017 Earnings (JCI) $6.23 Billion in Sales Expected for Raytheon Company (RTN) This Quarter Cormark Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Harsco Co. (HSC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Noble Midstream Partners LP (NBLX) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Updates Q Earnings Guidance Cogentix Medical Inc (CGNT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS The Coca-Cola’s (KO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Ichor Holdings’ (ICHR) Buy Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Receives Buy Rating from Wedbush Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research XO Group Inc (XOXO) Stake Increased by First Midwest Bank Trust Division IFP Advisors Inc Buys 861 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) was the recipient of a significant decrease in short interest during the month of April. As of April 13th, there was short interest totalling 13,349,585 shares, a decrease of 6.0% from the March 31st total of 14,208,318 shares. Currently, 0.5% of the shares of the stock are sold short. Based on an average trading volume of 3,413,280 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 3.9 days. VOD has been the subject of a number of research reports. Standpoint Research initiated coverage on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set an “accumulate” rating and a $30.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $30.35. Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) opened at 26.50 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is $73.97 billion. Vodafone Group Plc has a 1-year low of $24.17 and a 1-year high of $34.70. The company’s 50-day moving average is $26.22 and its 200-day moving average is $25.80. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in VOD. Pacific Center for Financial Services bought a new position in Vodafone Group Plc during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $112,000. Apriem Advisors raised its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 6.7% in the third quarter. Apriem Advisors now owns 4,428 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 279 shares in the last quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. raised its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 4.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 4,956 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Washington Trust Bank raised its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 26.2% in the first quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 5,011 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 1,040 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 2,240.9% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 136,100 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 130,286 shares in the last quarter. 9.59% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/vodafone-group-plc-vod-sees-significant-drop-in-short-interest.html. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thu 4 May 2017 | 6:47 GMT You are here: Home > Investing > Article Home News Investing Markets Metals & Mining Energy & Oil Agricultural Commodities Quotes Currencies Video AlertNet Humanitarian News About Thomson Reuters Kenya central bank says 12 entities applied for Chase Bank stake Wed May 3, 2017 7:14am GMT   Print | Single Page [-] Text [+] NAIROBI (Reuters) - Twelve parties, including local and foreign banks, have expressed interest in taking a stake in Kenya's Chase Bank, the central bank said late on Tuesday. Regulators placed the mid-sized lender under receivership in April 2016 after an unexplained loss of billions of Kenyan shillings. The Kenyan bank is not associated with JP Morgan Chase & Co. The central bank invited expressions of interest in the Chase Bank stake at the end of March. The applicants included three Kenyan banks, four foreign lenders and other parties, it said. It said it had short-listed an unspecified number of applicants to move to the next stage. "Short-listed investors will be granted access to comprehensive confidential data that will allow them to develop a formal proposal for taking an equity interest," the central bank said in a statement. They must submit formal bids by June 9. Chase is in the hands of the Kenya Deposit Insurance Corporation (KDIC), a state body that protects depositors in case of a bank failure. The central bank wants to find a strategic investor for Chase but has not specified what size stake it will sell. The temporary closure of Chase, followed the closure of another mid-sized lender, Imperial Bank, and smaller lender Dubai Bank Kenya. The string of closures knocked confidence in Kenya's banking sector, which has also seen a jump in bad debts. (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Katharine Houreld and Eric Meijer) © Thomson Reuters 2017 All rights reserved MARKET UPDATE Africa US Europe Asia CASE 30 Index 12,603.56 -- JSE All Share Index 53,586.63 -- JSE Top 40 Index 46,917.89 -- TRX Africa 270.15 -1.02% Dow 20,957.90 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,072.55 -- S&P 500 2,388.13 -0.13% TRX US 212.72 -0.21% FTSE 100 7,234.53 -0.21% CAC40 5,301.00 +0.00% DAX 12,527.84 -- TRX UK 142.59 -0.28% Nikkei 19,445.70 +0.70% Hang Seng 24,611.65 -0.34% TRX IN 1,132.26 +0.12% Currencies UK £ USD =1.2845 Euro USD =1.0879 Rand USD =0.0741 af.reuters.com:  Help and Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.
Health Search Search Visit for coverage from TIME, Health, Fortune and moreGo » Best BuyBest Buy Will Now Sell Vivint’s Smart Home Installation Services BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets Brainstorm Health Why America’s Top Bosses Love Sleep and Meditation Beth Kowitt May 03, 2017 Some corners of corporate America have long had a culture that wears its long and grueling hours like a badge of honor. Now a group of executives is trying to change that by opening up about how they each found balance in their own lives and by making wellness a priority at their companies. “I’ve found in a culture like Wall Street, people are obsessed with how many hours people work,” said Barry Sommers, CEO of Wealth Management at J.P. Morgan Chase, during Fortune's second annual Brainstorm Health conference in San Diego on Tuesday. “Way too many people are getting out of there as fast as they can because they’re totally burnt out.” Click here to subscribe to Brainstorm Health Daily, our brand new newsletter about health innovations. Sommers decided to take his health into his own hands a decade ago after someone he’d known personally and professionally for 30 years started doing transcendental meditation. “It transformed this person’s life,” he said. “I saw a different person.” Sommers now has being doing transcendental meditation 20 minutes two times a day for a decade. And he prioritizes sleep, getting seven and half to eight hours every night. “I changed my schedule and lifestyle,” he said. “When I do a dinner, we’ll be at the restaurant at 5pm, not at 8pm.” He said his kids make fun of it, but he wakes up every morning “incredibly happy.” If there’s a problem at the office, his employees know to call the house and his wife will wake him up. But rarely is there anything so important that it can’t wait until the morning, he said. “This goes completely against mainstream assumption that J.P. Morgan is the boiler room of burnout,” said Arianna Huffington, the founder and CEO of Thrive Global, who moderated the panel. Over at Levi Strauss, CEO and president Chip Bergh has focused on pushing exercise for his employees. “I always saw a connection between what I was doing for my own health and fitness and performance,” said Bergh, who has run triathlons and marathons. Levi Strauss was in turnaround mode when Bergh joined after 28 years at P&G. It was his belief that “the whole human drives performance” so he implemented a program that focuses on every aspect of employee life. The company subsidizes gym memberships for its employees who work at headquarters, and now has about half of them signed up. “It’s one of the things that's helping to contribute to us driving healthcare costs down,” Bergh said. He tries to model good behavior by making it clear when he leaves the office at lunch to work out. Deborah DiSanzo, general manager of IBM Watson Health, sets boundaries for herself and hopes her team follows suit. “I try to make a habit of not emailing on the weekend,” she said, adding that its parts of the company’s goal to create a “culture of health.” DiSanzo's health and work like collided five months after she took on her role at IBM when she received a cancer diagnosis. She struggled to get a consistent storyline from multiple doctors—they all gave her different information about the size of the tumor and the type of surgery and treatment she should have. She turned to Watson, who had been trained by the oncologists at Memorial Sloan Kettering, entered her data, and followed its recommendation. She’s now in remission. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Winters Must Unfreeze StanChart By Andy Mukherjee Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg Finance Andy Mukherjee Andy Mukherjee is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering industrial companies and financial services. He previously was a columnist for Reuters Breakingviews. He has also worked for the Straits Times, ET NOW and Bloomberg News. Follow @andymukherjee70 Facebook Twitter Email Print Share May 3, 2017 2:43 AM EDT This summer, Bill Winters completes two years at Standard Chartered Plc, the emerging-markets lender whose share price is still 32 percent below where it was when the former JPMorgan Chase & Co. executive took over as CEO. While the bank's drop in first-quarter impairment costs is making investors optimistic about asset quality, further upside will depend on Winters becoming a little more adventurous. A comparison with top lenders in StanChart's main markets shows the bank's clean-up act is threatening to become a drag. A Costly Sobriety StanChart is shunning risks its peers are getting paid to embrace Source: Bloomberg *Average of two biggest publicly traded banks in each market. In two years of deleveraging, the London-headquartered firm has shed risk, though it looks to have forgone future rewards in the process. Moody's Investors Service made that point on Tuesday when it cut StanChart's senior unsecured debt rating by one notch to A2 from A1. The bank's profitability, Moody's said, will be "structurally lower" because of management's efforts to "de-risk the balance sheet." Despite StanChart's recent promise to improve income trends, Winters may have reason to be cautious. At $6.1 billion, nonperforming loans haven't exactly disappeared. The buffer against losses from soured debt, meanwhile, has thinned to 66 percent, from 69 percent in December. With the property-driven business cycle recovery in China looking tired, it's not certain if last quarter's impairment costs, which were 71 percent lower than in the previous three months, are sustainable. StanChart first-quarter profit before tax $1 billion If StanChart keeps shunning risk, however, there's little hope that return on equity can rise to the 10 percent levels of DBS Group Holdings Ltd. and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp., despite the Singapore banks' losses on offshore and marine industry loans. The first quarter for StanChart was exceptional. Yield curves steepened in both India and Hong Kong. Yet strip out the $176 million quarter-on-quarter gain in income from asset and liability management, and the $75 million pickup in operating income in the three months through March vanishes. All About Returns Now StanChart's ROE of 6 percent, based on first-quarter profit, broadly matches Japanese lenders. But higher-valued Singapore banks boast far better Source: Bloomberg Even if the quarter wasn't entirely a fluke, the $1 billion pretax profit -- after a net loss for 2016 -- translates to a return on equity of 5 percent to 6 percent. According to S&P Global Ratings, Winters needs to tweak the business model, put to use the fresh capital raised in January, and increase ROE to 10 percent.  A 6 percent ROE is embarrassingly low for an emerging-markets specialist. Even Japanese lenders like Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group and Mizuho Financial Group earn that much. Considering their shares trade at a price-to-book multiple of about 0.6 -- the same as StanChart -- the only way Winters can create some wealth for shareholders is by taking his bank's risk tolerance out of the deep freeze. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Andy Mukherjee in Singapore at amukherjee@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Katrina Nicholas at knicholas2@bloomberg.net Black Beauty Black Beauty BHP's petroleum business accounts for more than a fifth of its underlying Ebitda Source: Company reports Note: 2016 calendar year figures. solid reasoning Elliott's Good Idea for BHP Commodities David Fickling Tomorrow Never Dies Tesla Has An Oracle But Consider Delphi Autos Liam Denning Continuing Slump Continuing Slump Puerto Rico's economy has been contracting for years as it boosted its debt Source: World Bank Group Island Flopping Puerto Rico Drops Hammer on Creditors Markets Lisa Abramowicz They're In They're In Global investors including pension funds intend to allocate varied sums to private equity in the next 12 months. Some of the largest U.S. ones should consider a revamp Source: Preqin Pay Day Pension Funds Need to Give to Get Finance Gillian Tan Earned and Burned Earned and Burned Dissapointing Pfizer earnings hurt the company's shares this week Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Pfight the Pfear Pfizer Must Learn to Live With Uncertainty Health Max Nisen Bite Me This Diamondback Should Rattle OPEC Energy Liam Denning Big Flows Big Flows Investors have been piling into ETFs at an accelerating pace Source: Bloomberg Pump Up the Volume Now Everyone Can Be Quadruple-Leveraged Day Traders Finance Lisa Abramowicz Thinking Bigger Thinking Bigger CME and ICE, whose stocks have both doubled in the past year, could reconsider a merger given that President Trump's pick for antitrust cop is perceived as more open to big tie-ups Source: Bloomberg Exchange Place This Market Megamerger May Only Be on ICE Deals Tara Lachapelle Not So Yummy Not So Yummy Yum! Brands has under-performed the overall market since an activist campaign began in May 2015 Source: Bloomberg Nacho Problem Don't Fall Into Taco Bell's Food Coma Consumer Shelly Banjo Decline in Buybacks in 2017 23% to 30%  Resistance Is Futile Buybacks Are a Hard Habit to Break Stephen Gandel Adjusting the Set Adjusting the Set Adam Crozier helped turn ITV around Source: Bloomberg ITV's New Player ITV Hunts for Fresh Blood Media Leila Abboud Not Convinced Not Convinced On average, Wall Street analysts don't envisage a major SeaWorld turnaround that will enable it to bounce back to $23, the price Blackstone fetched for its stake Source: Bloomberg Making a Splash Seeing Value In SeaWorld Entertainment Gillian Tan London's market share 75% Crown Jewels Brexit's Clearing Battle Markets Marcus Ashworth Not Much Wiggle Room Not Much Wiggle Room Sainsbury's thin margins leave it exposed to cost inflation Sourc: Company reports, Bloomberg For My Next Trick... Sainsbury Pulls Another Rabbit From its Hat Consumer Andrea Felsted Breakeven Breakeven Economies of scale in China are helping JD.com narrow its operating loss as a percentage of revenue Source: Bloomberg Are we there Yet? JD.com's Test of Investor Patience Tech Tim Culpan Apple Apex Apple Apex Apple's stock valuation is near its highest point since early 2015 Source: Bloomberg Cruising Speed Apple Shifts Out of the Fast Lane, Perhaps for Good Tech Shira Ovide Blue Steel U.S. Steel: Caught Between Detroit and The District Commodities Liam Denning Meh Meh Markets weren't overly impressed with Merck's first quarter earnings Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Time Crunch Merck's Year May Hinge on the Next Eight Days Health Max Nisen Flying Coach Flying Coach Coach's shares soared Tuesday after it reported better-than-expected earnings Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Bulking Up Could Coach Be the Next LVMH? Consumer Shelly Banjo Chromebooks Share of Mobile Computers in U.S. Schools 58% Miseducation Microsoft's Chromebook Assault Misses the Point Tech Shira Ovide History Repeats History Repeats Angie's List stock had traded back down to where it was before IAC's last approach Job Well Done Good Reviews for Barry Diller on Angie's List Deals Brooke Sutherland Narrowing Opportunity Narrowing Opportunity Investors have been piling into junk debt this year, causing yields to shrink Source: Bloomberg Barclays US Corporate High Yield Index End Is Near-ish The Cries of Junk-Bond Armageddon Markets Lisa Abramowicz Breaking Out Breaking Out BP has outperformed rival Shell since unveiling a new strategy in mid February Source: Bloomberg Petroleum Payouts BP Starts to Steer Away From the Financial Rocks Energy Chris Hughes Way Ahead Way Ahead Ocado is at a significant premium to Britain's big supermarkets Source: Bloomberg A Strategy Too Far Ocado's Ideas for Happiness at Home Consumer Andrea Felsted
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets business May 03, 2017 12:05 PM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Fed may hike rates in June; short-term potential for 10% correction in US: JPMorgan Markets are currently pricing a 70 percent chance of rate hike in June, which JP Morgan also expects, said James Sullivan. James Sullivan MD-Asia Equity Research | JPMorgan Fed may hike rates in June; short-term potential for 10% correction in US: JPMorgan Overweight on emerging markets, oil may fall further: JP Morgan Financials, consumer discretionary may drive mkt: James Sullivan All eyes are on the two-day US Federal Reserve meeting that concludes today. The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady as it pauses to examine more economic data. James Sullivan, MD-Asia Equity Research at JPMorgan says the house to believes that Fed is unlikely to raise rates in this meet but will come out with a very balanced statement. He said markets are currently pricing a 70 percent chance of rate hike in June, which JP Morgan also expects. The balance statement might talk about wage growth finally coming through, unemployment is close to all–time low and one is starting to see pricing pressure works its way through the US economy, said Sullivan. According to him, there is a potential of 10 percent correction in the US economy in the short-term because of the surprise indicators in the US showing weakness in data. However, on a long-term basis, the outlook on earnings in the US is quite positive. Therefore, on a medium to long-term perspective, the house is constructive on global equity markets, said Sullivan in an interview to CNBC-TV18. Talking about emerging markets (EMs), he says one is seeing a resumption in EPS growth after 15-year lows and rate of growth in these markets is better than that of developed markets (DMs) for the first time in 7 years. The EMs are still under-owned by global investors, valuations as well are at 30 percent discount to DMs and the growth differential is moving in their favour, so the house is overweight on global emerging markets including markets in Asia, said Sullivan.He said, the house is positive on the India market from a long-term perspective and expect an 18 percent earnings growth for the next fiscal. However, currently through the summer, the Indian market could take a breather, he added. tags #FII View #James Sullivan #JP Morgan Related news Business Remain bullish on Asian markets, expect further upside: Derek Higa May 04, 2017 09:07 AM Business Fed may hike rates in June; short-term potential for 10% correction in US: JPMorgan May 03, 2017 12:05 PM Business DII flows to remain strong; like high-quality realty names: Macquarie's Sandeep Bhatia May 03, 2017 10:18 AM Business Prefer EMs over Europe; see no real surprises seen from US Fed: Geoff Lewis May 03, 2017 09:47 AM Business Seeing renewed focus by govt on reducing NPLs: BNP Paribas' Raychaudhuri May 02, 2017 02:10 PM Business See sustainable demand for equities; like real estate & related spaces: CLSA May 02, 2017 11:25 AM Business No threat to the rally from US Fed; risk-on rally to continue: JP Morgan May 02, 2017 09:30 AM Business Traders Carnival: Tricks of trade with Samir Arora May 01, 2017 06:58 PM Business India in a good spot; buy stories where fundamentals justify, says Samir Arora Apr 29, 2017 03:15 PM News Most Popular Top News These 30 stocks trade at considerable premium to book value; time to exit or stay put? Derivative data points towards 9,500 on Nifty; 5 stocks which can give up to 16% upside IRB InvIT opens for subscription. Here are 5 things to know about it For MP, the fiscal year will begin in January 2018. Will Centre follow suit? Bulls in charge; 5 stocks which can return up to 10% in short term Stocks in the news: ICICI Bank, HDFC, L&T Tech, Amtek Auto, Tata Power, GMR, IG Petro Market Live: Sensex, Nifty trade steady, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank gain Geosphere's Sanger: Better days ahead for banks; hunt for laggards in midcap space see more Video of the day Small correction good for mkt; like housing fin cos: Religare Cap's Gautam Trivedi Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Brexit Bulletin: ‘Bloody Difficult’ by Simon Kennedy @simonjkennedy More stories by Simon Kennedy and Nikos Chrysoloras @nchrysoloras More stories by Nikos Chrysoloras May 3, 2017, 2:30 AM EDT Theresa May fights back against leaked reports of Juncker dinner EU government officials distance themselves from Juncker’s skepticism Sign up to receive the Brexit Bulletin in your inbox, and follow @Brexit on Twitter. The cross-channel war of words on Brexit is escalating. British Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday declared that European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is learning she can be “bloody difficult,” after leaked details of the pair’s dinner last week alleged he was shocked by her strategy. Theresa May Luke MacGregor/Bloomberg May, however, won a measure of support from several European government officials, who distanced themselves from Juncker’s apparent skepticism about the chances of a Brexit deal. The reports of the dinner are “not helpful,” Irish government chief whip Regina Doherty said. A German official expressed unease over the leak and called it unusual. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The clash may help May’s re-election campaign by convincing voters they need her as leader rather than Labour party leader Jeremy Corbyn — that seems to be the strategy she’s pursuing to salvage something from the debacle. At the same time, it highlights the scope for misinformation and political damage during the two-year process and also shows why May will prefer to engage with capitals rather than the bloc’s more technocratic executive body. Brexit Secretary David Davis conceded that there had been some disagreements during the dinner with Juncker, but said it hadn’t been hostile. He told ITV on Wednesday the leaked report of the dinner was “gossip and spin.” Potentially adding fuel to the fire, the Financial Times today estimates the EU will ask the U.K. to pay a bill of €100 billion (£84 billion, $109 billion) on leaving and The Times suggests May will be barred from discussing Brexit at future meetings of EU heads of state. Davis said he hadn’t seen a number for the Brexit bill, but that the U.K. wouldn’t pay €100 billion. Back to Business Brussels will seek to restore an air of business to the debate on Wednesday. The European Commission will at 11 a.m. local time formally present a recommendation to open withdrawal negotiations with the U.K on the basis of the guidelines adopted by EU’s leaders last week. The draft directives will be more technical and detailed than the guidelines and can be revised by member-states before being signed-off by governments on May 22. Then, negotiator Michel Barnier, who will talk to reporters, will be mandated to begin the talks, which are now set to begin after the June 8 election. “I don’t see the position of the 27 changing very much, there is very little room for maneuver,” said Fabian Zuleeg, chief executive at the Brussels-based European Policy Centre, adding a breakdown in the talks is the likeliest outcome.  JPMorgan Eyes Three Cities JPMorgan Chase became the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit. In an interview in Riyadh, executive Daniel Pinto said the firm will use the “three banks we already have in Europe as anchors for our operations” as it tries to protect its business in the region once Britain leaves. That means Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” said Pinto. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no U.K.-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients.” For banks looking to flee London, the European Central Bank warned that those applying to locate in the EU not only must be well capitalized, but also have enough local staff. Separately, London Stock Exchange Group warned against a move by the EU to limit euro clearing in its home city, saying the attempt would put investors and financial firms at risk. Postcard from Walsall Bloomberg’s Thomas Penny travelled to the urban sprawl of the English Midlands to report on the places where Britain’s desire to leave the EU is strongest and where May’s decision to send her country back to the ballot box less than a year later will turn out to be a master stroke — or reckless. More than 70 percent of voters in Walsall North backed Brexit and May’s Conservative Party lost it to the opposition Labour Party by fewer than 2,000 votes in 2015. Before Walsall North votes, there will be regional elections on Thursday that may provide pointers to what will happen in June. Eddie Buckle has compiled a series of charts to explain what’s at stake. Brexit Bullets Most people surveyed by Ipsos MORI don’t expect May to achieve her aim of cutting migration to the “tens of thousands.” Some 52 percent are against offering visas for hospitality workers such as baristas, while at least 60 percent reckon doctors, nurses, academics and computer specialists should be considered for special visas Lawmakers said there needs to be a transition deal after Brexit to prevent farmers being hurt by “potentially disastrous” tariffs Ireland says in preparation document that parallel Brexit talks are possible if progress is made QBE Insurance Group is “well advanced” in its plans to establish a new location for its European business, chairman says Spain wants to end Gibraltar’s special status on tax and customs when U.K. leaves EU, El Pais reports. On the Markets The pound steadied on Tuesday after its previous decline allowed U.K. manufacturing to unexpectedly grow at the fastest pace in three years. Nomura strategists noted in a report on Tuesday that the noise surrounding the Brexit talks already seems to be priced into the pound’s value, which means it should continue to rise against the dollar, perhaps to as much as $1.37 or higher. ING said the diminishing risks of a “cliff edge” Brexit mean sterling will soon stop falling against the euro. By contrast, Simon Derrick of Bank of New York Mellon Corp wrote that sterling “is not bulletproof” and “may now find upward progress rather harder” as attention turns to the negotiations. Meantime, a French asset-management firm has been investing in European exporters that sell most of their products outside the bloc, thereby offering its clients an opportunity to hedge against the euro zone’s break-up. And Finally... Mark Twain advised never to pick a fight with people  “who buy ink by the barrel.” Now almost a year since he was fired by May, former Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne is sitting in the editor’s chair at the London Evening Standard. In Osborne’s first day in the job, the Standard’s front page declared “Brussels twists knife on Brexit” and an editorial inside described the decision to leave the EU as an “historical mistake.” Meanwhile, the internal workings of another influential daily were laid bare as the New York Times secured access to The Sun’s offices in a bid to better understand its role in the referendum. For more on Brexit follow Bloomberg on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, and see our full coverage at Bloomberg.com Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $633.53 Million Analysts Anticipate Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.49 Million $757.65 Million in Sales Expected for Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) This Quarter General Motors Company Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GM) PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (QQQ) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $53.61 Million FY2017 EPS Estimates for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Increased by Analyst Majesco (MJCO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Brunswick Co. Increased by Northcoast Research (BC) Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) EVP Sells $753,960.96 in Stock Insider Selling: Moelis & Co (MC) COO Sells $315,938.56 in Stock Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $154,000 Stake in Ambev SA (ABEV) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) NBT Bank N A NY Has $778,000 Stake in General Dynamics Co. (GD) Sasol Limited (SSL) Shares Bought by Sit Investment Associates Inc. SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Has $285,000 Stake in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Sells 4,116 Shares of Praxair, Inc. (PX) Outfront Media Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.59 Per Share (OUT) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) – Equities research analysts at Wedbush lifted their Q2 2017 earnings per share estimates for Outfront Media in a research report issued on Monday. Wedbush analyst J. Dix now expects that the financial services provider will post earnings per share of $0.59 for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.58. Wedbush currently has a “Outperform” rating and a $42.00 price target on the stock. Wedbush also issued estimates for Outfront Media’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.62 EPS. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. TheStreet raised shares of Outfront Media from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. Outfront Media currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $29.57. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Outfront Media Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.59 Per Share (OUT)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/outfront-media-inc-expected-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-0-59-per-share-out.html. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) opened at 26.07 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.61 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 39.56 and a beta of 1.28. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $26.26 and its 200 day moving average is $25.27. Outfront Media has a one year low of $20.72 and a one year high of $27.89. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.19. The company earned $397.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. Outfront Media had a negative net margin of 0.63% and a negative return on equity of 0.79%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.55 EPS. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in OUT. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Outfront Media during the third quarter valued at about $1,657,000. Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Outfront Media by 2.8% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC now owns 30,918 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $731,000 after buying an additional 845 shares during the period. Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Outfront Media during the third quarter valued at about $3,580,000. Timber Hill LLC raised its stake in shares of Outfront Media by 231.1% in the third quarter. Timber Hill LLC now owns 33,879 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $801,000 after buying an additional 23,646 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Outfront Media during the third quarter valued at about $1,360,000. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be issued a $0.36 dividend. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.52%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -1,942.58%. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock News provided by Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. 02 May, 2017, 21:31 ET Share this article SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Related Links http://www.htareit.com 01 May, 2017, 06:02 ET Preview: Healthcare Trust of America Announces Public Offering of 39,500,000 Shares of Common Stock My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 May, 2017, 06:01 ET Healthcare Trust of America Announces Public Offering of... 01 May, 2017, 06:01 ET Healthcare Trust of America to Acquire Duke Realty's Medical... Explore More news releases in similar topics Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Health Care & Hospitals Dividends You just read: Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock News provided by Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. 02 May, 2017, 21:31 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Price Target Raised to $45.00 TD Securities Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Genworth MI Canada’s (MIC) Sector Perform Rating Reaffirmed at National Bank Financial Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Receives Outperform Rating from National Bank Financial Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Price Target Lowered to C$49.00 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Loblaw Companies Ltd (L) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank Paramount Resources’ (POU) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Acquires 106 Shares of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Continues to Hold Position in First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Increases Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Has $2,738,000 Stake in ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Acquires 103,000 Shares of CNB Financial Corp (CCNE) 1st Source Co. (SRCE) Stake Maintained by Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Penn National Gaming, Inc (PENN) Stake Decreased by Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Shares Sold by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA PARK CIRCLE Co Has $4,341,000 Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Holds Stake in Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Has $5.301 Million Position in OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Raises Stake in Sterling Bancorp (STL) Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Shares Sold by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €86.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) has been assigned a €86.00 ($93.48) price target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Barclays PLC set a €65.00 ($70.65) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Schneider Electric SE in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($78.26) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €76.00 ($82.61) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €72.00 ($78.26) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €71.16 ($77.34). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 72.30 on Monday. Schneider Electric SE has a 1-year low of €49.50 and a 1-year high of €74.45. The company has a market cap of €40.12 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €68.84 and its 200 day moving average price is €65.80. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/schneider-electric-se-su-pt-set-at-86-00-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Schneider Electric SE Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share, M Partners Forecasts (WDO) Clarus Securities Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd (WDO) Taylor Wimpey (TWODY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Facebook’s (FB) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Instinet Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Urban Edge Properties (UE) to Sell BB&T Co. (BBT) Stake Lowered by Physicians Financial Services Inc. 1ST Source Bank Has $2.325 Million Stake in American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Strs Ohio Buys New Position in Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Strs Ohio Has $11,497,000 Position in CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Shares Bought by Strs Ohio Crossamerica Partners LP (CAPL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.62 on May 15th Lumber Liquidators Holdings Target of Unusually High Options Trading (LL) Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Flex Pharma Inc (FLKS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.63 Per Share MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley Boosts Neff Corp (NEFF) Price Target to $20.00 Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Earns “In-Line” Rating from Evercore ISI N+1 Singer Reiterates ” Buy” Rating for N Brown Group plc (BWNG) Nord/LB Reiterates €93.00 Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nord/LB set a €93.00 ($101.09) price objective on Renault SA (EPA:RNO) in a report issued on Friday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €100.00 ($108.70) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($125.00) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. BNP Paribas set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a €75.00 ($81.52) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €91.35 ($99.30). Shares of Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 84.74 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €80.94 and a 200-day moving average price of €81.58. The company has a market capitalization of €24.67 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.80. Renault SA has a one year low of €63.64 and a one year high of €90.76. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Nord/LB Reiterates €93.00 Price Target for Renault SA (RNO)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/nordlb-reiterates-93-00-price-target-for-renault-sa-rno.html. Renault SA Company Profile Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Randgold Resources Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for SBA Communications Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBAC) Zacks Investment Research Comments on Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBPH) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Shares Up 12.9% Following Strong Earnings New York Times Co (NYT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Mosaic Co (MOS) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Benchmark Co. Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Mantech International Corp (MANT) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the fourteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have given a hold recommendation and eight have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 7,412.46 ($95.71). Several analysts have weighed in on RRS shares. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 6,400 ($82.63) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 7,400 ($95.55) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) traded down 2.13% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 6660.00. The company had a trading volume of 632,226 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 6.26 billion. Randgold Resources Limited has a 52 week low of GBX 5,410.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 9,820.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 7,109.00 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 6,736.38. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a GBX 1 ($0.01) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.12%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/randgold-resources-limited-rrs-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Randgold Resources Limited Company Profile Randgold Resources Limited is engaged in gold mining, exploration and related activities. The Company’s activities are focused on West and Central Africa. The Company operates through the gold mining segment. The Company operates various mines, such as Morila, Loulo, Gounkoto, Tongon and Kibali. The Company is exploring in African countries, such as Mali, Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Receive News & Ratings for Randgold Resources Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Flex Pharma Inc (FLKS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.63 Per Share MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley Boosts Neff Corp (NEFF) Price Target to $20.00 Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Earns “In-Line” Rating from Evercore ISI N+1 Singer Reiterates ” Buy” Rating for N Brown Group plc (BWNG) Quantum Pharma PLC’s (QP) ” Corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results CDW Corp (CDW) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Posts Earnings Results Amedisys Inc (AMED) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Willbros Group Inc (WG) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL) Director Buys $145,000.00 in Stock Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $479,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) ITT Inc. (ITT) Position Maintained by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Lowers Position in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Landstar System, Inc. Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) General Electric Company (GE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one brokerages that are presently covering the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $32.17. Several research firms have issued reports on GE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $38.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of General Electric Company from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.56 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Marijn E. Dekkers acquired 20,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $29.90 per share, with a total value of $598,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,900. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GE. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,383,193,000. Trustees of General Electric Pension Trust acquired a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,038,590,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in General Electric Company by 848.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 15,458,705 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $488,626,000 after buying an additional 13,828,422 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in General Electric Company by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 357,567,340 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $11,299,139,000 after buying an additional 10,321,746 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $177,435,000. 54.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) traded up 0.17% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $28.99. The company had a trading volume of 33,760,037 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $29.66 and its 200-day moving average is $30.25. The company has a market capitalization of $252.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.52 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company has a 52-week low of $28.19 and a 52-week high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $27.66 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.21 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 27th were paid a dividend of $0.24 per share. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.31%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 106.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “General Electric Company (GE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/general-electric-company-ge-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Free trade Unemployment Prescription drugs The government is swimming against the tide on Westpac’s Adani decision May 2, 2017 11.54pm EDT •Updated May 3, 2017 11.14pm EDT Data shows coal is on the way out. Wesfarmers/AAP The government is swimming against the tide on Westpac’s Adani decision May 2, 2017 11.54pm EDT •Updated May 3, 2017 11.14pm EDT David Peetz and Georgina Murray Authors David Peetz Professor of Employment Relations, Griffith University Georgina Murray Associate Professor in Humanities, Griffith University Disclosure statement David Peetz receives funding from the Australian Research Council and, as a university employee, has undertaken research over many years with occasional financial support from governments from both sides of politics, employers and unions, including the Mining and Energy Division of the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union. The research for the project behind this article, on finance and climate change, was funded within the university. Georgina Murray has received funding from the Australian Research Council and, as a university employee, has undertaken research over many years with occasional financial support from others, including the Mining and Energy Division of the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union. The research for the project behind this article, on finance and climate change, was funded within the university. Partners Griffith University provides funding as a member of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger The Australian government’s strident criticism of Westpac for not financing the Adani Carmichael coal mine is out of step with the economics. As the cost of renewable energy falls and its adoption increases, fossil fuels are becoming a riskier investment. It’s not just Westpac. This shift is reflected right across the finance industry. The big four Australian banks have all declined to finance this mine, as have many large international financial institutions. The Commonwealth Bank quit as the project’s financial adviser in August 2015. NAB ruled out financing the mine in September 2015. ANZ effectively ruled out financing in October 2015 and again, more firmly, in December 2016. Big overseas financiers Standard Chartered, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Citi, HSBC, Morgan Stanley, Société Générale, Crédit Agricole, JP Morgan Chase, Deutche Bank and BNP Baripas have also already abandoned or made clear their lack of support for the mine. Adani’s coal was to be used to generate electricity in India, recently seen as the future for the product given China’s shift away from coal. But Indian demand for coal is slipping. Its new National Electricity Plan has non-fossil fuels rising from the current 30% to 56% of installed power capacity by 2027. The Indian government itself now thinks it may not need any new coal power plants for at least a decade. As mines require a huge initial investment that pays itself off over many years, this increases the risk that the Carmichael mine will become a “stranded asset”. Shifting economics of coal Sure, financial institutions are under pressure from customers and activists to avoid investments that damage the climate. But for these institutions, such pressures only make a difference at the margin. For them it is the poor economics of coal that is fundamental. The long-term prospects of coal are weakened by the rapid changes in technology and the deterioration of the climate outlook. Solar energy prices have fallen more rapidly than most expected, and battery technology and use is rapidly improving. A recent study found that solar energy is on a trajectory to supply at least 3 terawatts (TW) of power globally by 2030, and potentially up to 10TW if certain barriers to installation can be overcome. For comparison, the world’s total electricity capacity from all sources as of 2014 was just 6TW. Financiers’ minds may be focused still further by the fact that, if anything, scientists appear to have underestimated the effects of climate change on sea levels, polar ice caps, and methane emissions from thawing permafrost and lakes. From short- to long-term thinking The fact that the financial industry is reluctant to fund the Carmichael mine is just one example of the phenomenon described in a report by the Asset Owners Disclosure Project (AODP) as “a fundamental power shift … from short-termers to long-termers”. There are several reasons for this, besides the changing economics of renewable technology, the worsening climate outlook, and the shifting policies in countries like China and India. New tools are being developed to enable investors to quantify the impact of climate on their investments. In financial circles, the more things can be counted, the more they count. Superannuation funds and overseas pension funds need to invest over long periods of time, and so are now forced to invest with climate change in mind. They can’t afford to have a stranded asset on their books. Reinsurers - essentially large firms that provide insurance for insurance companies - face the same issue. They need to minimise exposure to extreme weather events, which are increasingly influenced by climate change. Fund managers are creating financial products to enable investment in climate change adaptation. And some investors are taking more control over their investments, rather than leaving them in the hands of fund managers, so they can give appropriate priority to climate issues. This is not to say that financiers around the world are uniformly reacting to climate issues. The AODP report shows that, on average, European and Australian asset owners and fund managers have done well in acting on climate risk, whereas American, Middle Eastern and (until now) Chinese ones have done poorly. It’s also not true that finance has uniformly abandoned short-termism. “Climate-interested investors” currently account for just a third of the ownership of the world’s very large corporations. But no one is going to make even short-term profits out of the Adani coal mine, with its huge upfront capital investment, unless they get a substantial subsidy from the taxpayer. And the long-term prospects look grim. Those who argue that Westpac’s decision was “illogical” are swimming against both the financial and technological tides. Electricity Mining Coal Jobs Westpac Stranded assets Adani Group Business Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter The Conversation is a non-profit + your donation is tax deductible. Help knowledge-based, ethical journalism today. Make a donation You might also like AAP/Lukas Coch Australia’s climate bomb: the senselessness of Adani’s Carmichael coal mine AAP/Paul Miller The future of Australian coal: an unbankable deposit Companies in the developing world, like Adani Group headed by Gautam Adani, have achieved enormous success through strong ties with governments. Amit Dave/Reuters Unpicking the labyrinth that is India’s Adani It may not be coal for Christmas for Adani, unless it gets its foot in the ground. Coal image from www.shutterstock.com Adani should bow out gracefully from its Carmichael coal mine Most popular on The Conversation Can Bill Nye – or any other science show – really save the world? More people than ever before are single – and that’s a good thing Physics of poo: Why it takes you and an elephant the same amount of time How understanding the prisoner’s dilemma can help bridge liberal and conservative differences The myth of the college dropout Medieval medical books could hold the recipe for new antibiotics ‘Anumeric’ people: What happens when a language has no words for numbers? A digital archive of slave voyages details the largest forced migration in history She phubbs me, she phubbs me not: Smartphones could be ruining your love life Why can’t cats resist thinking inside the box? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 49,600 academics and researchers from 2,019 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 2 997 -0,5%  Dow 20 958 0,0%  Nasdaq 5 625 -0,3%  Euro 1,0883 0,0%  ATX P 1 516 -0,4%  EStoxx50 3 586 0,2%  Nikkei 19 446 0,7%  CHF 1,0828 0,0%  DAX 12 528 0,2%  FTSE100 7 235 -0,2%  Öl 50,5 -0,2%  Gold 1 236 -0,2%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Healthcare Trust of Americ a Aktie [WKN DE: A12F96 / ISIN: US42225P5017] Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (groß) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Zertifikate Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Optionsscheine Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Knock-Outs Historisch Analysen 03.05.2017 03:31:00 A A Teilen Drucken Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock Tweet SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Nachrichten zu Healthcare Trust of America Inc (A)mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Keine Nachrichten verfügbar. Analysen zu Healthcare Trust of America Inc (A)mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 04.01.17 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Mizuho 27.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Hold Wunderlich 26.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 21.03.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 05.01.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Outperform Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 04.01.17 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Mizuho 27.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Hold Wunderlich 26.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 21.03.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 05.01.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Outperform Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 04.01.17 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Mizuho 26.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 21.03.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 05.01.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Outperform Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 31.12.15 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 27.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Hold Wunderlich Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Mit Bomben und Granaten "Konjunkturell sind wir vorderhand aus dem Schneider" Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Aktien in diesem Artikel Healthcare Trust of America Inc (A) 29,84 0,74% Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Aktien Frankfurt Ausblick: DAX setzt Rekordjagd fort Angesichts frisch erstarkter Hoffnungen auf einen europafreundlichen Wahlausgang in Frankreich dürfte der DAX am Donnerstag neue Höhen erobern. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Latest News Dow 20,958 +8.01 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,073 -22.82 -0.37% S&P 500 2,388 -3.04 -0.13% 3:06 A.M. ET Punch Taverns swings to loss on write-downs 3:05 A.M. ET Shell shares gain 3.3% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Inmarsat swings to loss; outlook unchanged 3:05 A.M. ET Esure sees FY results at top end of guidance 3:04 A.M. ET Ladbrokes Coral revenue up; trading in line 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale shares down 2.4% after decline in quarterly profit 3:03 A.M. ET HSBC profit beats views, spurring buyback hopes 3:03 A.M. ET Societe Generale, Libya fund to settle fraud case 3:02 A.M. ET HSBC shares rise 2.9% after quarterly earnings report 3:01 A.M. ET G4S revenue rises 8.9% in first quarter 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,304.78 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,264.32 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.87 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Glencore lifts guidance; copper output falls 2:57 A.M. ET RSA Insurance sees operating profit ahead of plans 2:56 A.M. ET BMW sales, earnings rise on one-off gains 2:55 A.M. ET Buckingham Palace calls Queen’s staff for an emergency meeting, setting rumors blazing 2:55 A.M. ET Shell quarterly profit surges 2:52 A.M. ET Carlsberg quarterly revenue rises 5% 2:51 A.M. ET Next warns of full-year sales, profit shortfall Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock By Published: May 2, 2017 9:31 p.m. ET Share SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. HTA, +0.74% announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References HTA +0.22 +0.74% Most Popular Stephen Colbert on his anti-Trump rant: ‘I would do it again’ Why now may be a good time to buy gold and silver This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Healthcare Trust of America Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HTA $29.84 +0.22 (+0.74%) Volume 30.7M Open $29.50 High $30.25 Low $29.43 P/E Ratio 90.42 Div Yield 4.02 Market Cap 4.3B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the „Duke Acquisition”), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the „Southwest Health System Acquisition” and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the „Acquisitions”) or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area („GLA”). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as „expects,” „plans,” „estimates,” „anticipates,” „projects,” „intends,” „believes,” „outlook,” and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA’s forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA’s forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in HTA’s Form 10-K, and in HTA’s other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                       To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Related Links http://www.grubb-ellis.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsDividends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Roberto González Barrera joins the Hall of Fame of the Tortilla Industry Association of the United States Next PostNext New Quanta Magazine Website Makes Complex Science Come to Life Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Constellation Brands Prices Offering of Senior Notes VICTOR, N.Y., May 3, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE: STZ and STZ.B), a leading beverage alcohol company, announced today that it priced the public offering of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, consisting of (i) $500.0 million of 2.70% Senior Notes due 2022 (the „2022 notes”) for a public offering price of 99.782% of the principal amount of the 2022 notes; (ii) $500.0 million of 3.50% Senior Notes due 2027 (the „2027 notes”) for a public offering price of 99.766% of the principal amount of the 2027 notes; and (iii) $500.0 million of 4.50% Senior Notes due 2047 (the „2047 notes”) for a public offering price of 99.559% of the principal amount of the 2047 notes (collectively, the „notes”). The notes will be senior obligations that rank equally with all of Constellation’s other senior unsecured indebtedness, and will be guaranteed by the subsidiaries of Constellation that are guarantors under Constellation’s senior credit facility. Closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 9, 2017. Constellation intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay all of its outstanding 7.250% Senior Notes due May 2017 in the aggregate principal amount of $700 million and to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under its U.S. Term A Loan. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as the joint book-running managers of the offering. The notes are being offered only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated toll-free at (800) 294-1322 or emailing [email protected], or contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at (212) 834-4533. Alternatively, the prospectus and prospectus supplement may be obtained by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy notes. The notes will not be sold in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful. About Constellation Brands Constellation Brands is a leading international producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, Italy and Canada. Constellation is the third-largest producer and marketer of beer for the U.S. market and the world’s leading premium wine company with a leading market position in the U.S. Constellation’s wine portfolio is complemented by select premium spirits brands. Constellation’s brand portfolio includes Corona Extra, Corona Light, Modelo Especial, Modelo Negra, Pacifico, Ballast Point, Robert Mondavi, Clos du Bois, Kim Crawford, Meiomi, Mark West, Franciscan Estate, Ruffino, The Prisoner, SVEDKA Vodka, Casa Noble Tequila and High West Whiskey. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the „safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements which are not historical facts and relate to future plans, events or performance are forward-looking statements that are based upon management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Detailed information regarding risk factors with respect to the company and the offering are included in the company’s filings with the SEC, including the prospectus and prospectus supplement for the offering. CONTACTS Media Mike McGrew: 773-251-4934 Amy Martin: 585-678-7141 Investor Relations Patty Yahn-Urlaub: 585-678-7483 Bob Czudak: 585-678-7170 ### This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Constellation Brands Inc via Globenewswire Topic: Press release summary http://www.acnnewswire.com From the Asia Corporate News Network Copyright © 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. A division of Asia Corporate News Network. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FashionMia Offers Trendy Dresses for Women in Pretty Patterns and Designs Next PostNext American Dream U: Brewing The American Dream Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCommercial Real Estate, Dividends, Health Care/Hospitals, Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amy Newton Announced as Speaker for the 2017 CLM &amp; Business Insurance Workers’ Compensation Conference Next PostNext Keith Collins to oversee Southwest Power Pool Market Monitoring Unit beginning June 1, 2017 Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics FIT FB Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Facebook (FB) dips despite Q1 earnings beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Deserves Its Record High — And More FB stock hit a record high, clearing $150 for the first time. But the run in Facebook stock isn't over By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 2, 2017, 7:00 pm EDT Get FB alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Deserves Its Record High — And More Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Sunk After a Q2 Miss? Keep Your Eye on This. Recent Posts: Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Sentenced to Limbo After Q1 Earnings Why Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock Earnings Look Tempting Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Deserves Its Record High — And More View All Posts Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is trading at a record high once again, clearing the $150 level for the first time on Friday. It’s been an incredible run for Facebook stock, which traded below $18 less than five years ago. Since then, FB stock has risen by over 700%. It’s added some $370 billion in market value over that span. That’s enough to buy Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) or JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) at current prices! Source: Facebook There are good reasons for the gains in Facebook stock. It has become the world’s dominant social media platform. Facebook earnings continue to increase nicely. What’s notable at the moment is that even after climbing by 8x, FB stock still isn’t all that expensive. Those are just a few of the reasons why Facebook stock deserves its record high — and more. Facebook Will Continue to Dominate Advertising Advertising continues to move online — but that shift hasn’t been without its problems. So-called “click fraud” will cost businesses as much as $16 billion in 2017, according to one report. For many off-line businesses, the ability to track ROI and other metrics hasn’t been quite was promised. The famous quote from retailing pioneer John Wanamaker — “Half my advertising is wasted; I just don’t know which half” — still applies today. To be sure, Facebook has had some issues with measurement metrics of its own. But it’s publicly disclosed those issues and pledged to fix them. Meanwhile, over at Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), YouTube is dealing with advertiser concerns over placement. With concerns about the broader online ad ecosystem proliferating, advertisers increasingly are turning to Google and Facebook. A recent report suggested that 99% of all digital advertising growth — 99%! — accrued to the two giants last year. With Google and YouTube scuffling, Facebook has an opportunity to take share from Alphabet’s units. That leaves Facebook in prime position to be the platform of first and last resort for advertisers. Facebook Stock Isn’t Expensive Amazingly, given its growth and dominance, FB stock is rather cheaply valued. Facebook stock, backing out its ~$10 per share in cash, trades at under 21x 2017 analyst earnings estimates. Think about that. There are concerns about Facebook’s business — “fake news,” whether new competitors like Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) can take share, and international growth — among them.Incredibly, that forward multiple is lower than that of The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO). But which business seems more likely to grow in the next 10 years? The company facing soda taxes and millions of customers swearing off its products? Or the one so popular that more than one out of every four people in the world is a registered user? Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/facebook-inc-fb-stock-deserves-its-record-high-and-more/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace Top 5 Stocks to Buy in May 3 Blue-Chip Stocks That You Should Avoid 3 Off-the-Radar Plays That Yield 7% or More 7 Stocks to Sell Thanks to TERRIBLE Seasonality The 3 Best Comeback Stocks to Buy in 2017 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The Top 5 Stocks to Buy in May The 3 Best Comeback Stocks to Buy in 2017 7 Stocks to Sell Thanks to TERRIBLE Seasonality 3 Business Development Companies (BDCs) That Yield 7% or More 3 Reasons to Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Right Now Most Popular 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 4 High-Yield Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Dividends Apple Inc. (AAPL) vs. Facebook Inc (FB): Which Stock Should You Buy? Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Read This, Spike That What Does Wall Street Really Think of Trump? Many financial pros like the president’s business-friendly agenda but worry about his effectiveness. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By John Kimelman Biography May 2, 2017 6:10 p.m. ET Getty Images It’s understandable why many on Wall Street like the presidency of Donald Trump, at least on the record. For one, they can read the stock charts like anyone else. And since Trump was elected, the Standard & Poor’s 500 index has gained an impressive 11.8% as investors see much to like in presidential initiatives that include cutting corporate and individual taxes and reducing regulations. Moreover, there’s evidence in recent weeks that Trump has been more inclined to take the advice of the ex Wall Street executives in his administration such as Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn than more divisive figures like Steve Bannon. Trump’s softening of his tough trade stance against China in the past month is music to the ears of many on Wall Street who see the possibility of a trade war as bad for business. But as some fresh reporting by Reuters suggests, Wall Street might like Trump’s policies but that doesn’t mean that they are entirely comfortable with the man behind them or his ability to turn ideas into law. “On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump’s mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy,” writes Reuters. “ Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals.” But Reuters wrote that in “interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done.” Reuters wrote that while Wall Street executives at the Milken event “remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said.” The article also cited a recent report by financial services regulatory practice unit of PricewaterhouseCoopers that echoed the concerns of the executives quoted. “Despite Trump’s talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will yield few results, that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections,” the Reuters piece added. But while many on Wall Street are still seeking to give Trump the benefit of the doubt, there was at least one man at the Milken conference who was outspoken in his condemnation of the new president. Nouriel Roubini, an New York University economics professor and a man famous for forecasting the 2008 financial crisis, fears Wall Street is badly underestimating the negatives lurking beneath President Trump’s agenda, according to CNNMoney. In fact, Roubini, also known by his nickname “Dr. Doom,” believes Trump and his policies have “vaulted to the top of the list of risks threatening the global economy.” In comments to a CNNMoney reporter from the sidelines of the Milken event, Roubini argued that the “biggest uncertainty in the world and biggest tail risk comes from the economic, foreign and security policies of the Trump administration.” More From Barron’s Poll: Top Money Managers Favor Tech, Finance Under Trump Tax Plan, Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Big Property Plays in an Aging Bull Market The New York University professor explained that because the US is the world’s biggest economy, the consequences of a “severe policy mistake” can be enormous. “Markets are overestimating the positives and underestimating the negatives” from Trump’s policies,” Roubini told CNNMoney. Of course, these are the words of Dr. Doom so the possibility for negative overstatement is great. But what’s clear is that when it comes to appraising Donald Trump, the Wall Street establishment is talking out of both sides of its mouth. Email: editors@barrons.com Follow @johnkimelman Follow Barron’s on Twitter Like Barron’s on Facebook Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Read This, Spike That 1. The Media Gush, Gnash Teeth on Trump Tax Plan 2. The Market Endorses Trump’s First 100 Days 3. The Stock Market’s Wall of Worry Stands Tall 4. How Well Do Stocks Hold Up In Geopolitical Crises? 5. How Dollar Moves Stocks; More Stockpicker Pain Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple: Buy the Dip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Time to Buy European Bank Stocks 2 Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon 3 Under Armour Can't Rely On Sneakers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Search for: njtoday.net – New Jersey's oldest weekly newspaper Main menu Skip to content Home Union County Middlesex County NJ News Opinion Health Money Schools Recreation & Lifestyle Sports Offbeat News Sub menu About us Advertise Print Subscriptions Send us stuff Share Your Family Events Citizen Journalism Classified Ads Food & Recipes Featured, National Equality Act Reintroduced in Congress with Unprecedented Corporate Support by Staff Report • May 4, 2017 • 0 Comments The Human Rights Campaign (HRC) joined with bipartisan lawmakers and an unprecedented number of businesses to announce re-introduction of the Equality Act — federal legislation that would guarantee explicit, permanent protections for LGBT people under our nation’s existing civil rights laws. The bipartisan legislation would provide clear and equal protections under federal law for all Americans in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service, and federally-funded programs. Today, in a majority of U.S. states (31), LGBT people remain at risk of being fired, evicted or denied services because of sexual persecution for who they are. “No person’s fundamental rights should be determined by which side of a state line they live on,” said HRC President Chad Griffin. “The Equality Act will once and for all end the unacceptable patchwork of non-discrimination laws across this country that leaves LGBT people at risk. Every American should have a fair chance to earn a living, provide for their families, and live their lives without fear of discrimination. And at its core, that’s what the Equality Act is all about.” “Not only is discrimination is a real and persistent problem for far too many LGBT Americans, but this morally repugnant behavior is perfectly legal in most places,” said James Devine, a New Jersey Democratic strategist. “Americans have a right to privacy and deserve to be protected from bigotry.” Devine said polling has confirmed that nearly two-thirds of self-identified LGBT Americans report experiencing discrimination — including people like Carter Brown, a transgender man from Texas who lost his job after he was outed by his colleagues. Currently, 50 percent of LGBT Americans live in states where they are at risk of being fired, denied housing, or refused service because of who they are. There is no federal law explicitly protecting LGBT people from discrimination, and 31 states still lack fully-inclusive non-discrimination protections for LGBT people. Today’s announcement included unprecedented support from the business community: 92 major corporations have now joined HRC’s Business Coalition for the Equality Act. While the overwhelming majority of America’s leading businesses have already started addressing workplace fairness for LGBT employees, these major employers know how important the need is for a federal standard that treats all employees the same no matter which state they live in. The slate of companies endorsing the Equality Act have combined operations in all 50 states, headquarters spanning 23 states, and collectively generate $2.6 trillion in revenue. In total, these companies employ more than 5.8 million people across the United States. The overwhelming majority of Americans support full federal equality for LGBT people. Polling released last year by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) found that support for a bill like the Equality Act topped 70 percent nationally, including a majority of Democrats, Republicans and Independents. PRRI’s groundbreaking survey included 42,000 interviews in 50 states and found majority support for the Equality Act in all 50 states. The Equality Act is co-sponsored by 241 members of Congress. It was first introduced in 2015 by Representative David Cicilline (D-RI) and by Senators Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and Cory Booker (D-NJ). Major corporations that have endorsed the Equality Act include Abercrombie & Fitch Co.; Accenture; Adobe Systems Inc.; Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Airbnb Inc.; Alcoa Inc.; Amazon.com Inc.; American Airlines; American Eagle Outfitters; American Express Global Business Travel; Apple Inc.; Arconic; Automatic Data Processing Inc.; Bank of America; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Biogen; Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corp.; Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.; Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.; Brown-Forman Corp.; CA Technologies Inc.; Caesars Entertainment Corp.; Capital One Financial Corp.; Cardinal Health Inc.; Cargill Inc.; Chevron Corp.; Choice Hotels International Inc.; Cisco Systems Inc.; The Coca-Cola Co.; Corning Inc.; Cox Enterprises; CVS Health Corp.; Darden Restaurants Inc.; Delhaize America Inc.; Diageo North America; The Dow Chemical Co.; Dropbox Inc.; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont); eBay; EMC Corp.; Facebook Inc.; Gap Inc.; General Electric Co.; General Mills Inc.; Google Inc.; The Hershey Company; Hewlett Packard Enterprises; Hilton Worldwide Inc.; HP Inc.; HSN Inc.; Hyatt Hotels Corp.; IBM Corp.; Intel Corp.; InterContinental Hotels Group Americas; Johnson & Johnson; JP Morgan Chase & Co.; Kaiser Permanente; Kellogg Co.; Kenneth Cole Productions; Levi Strauss & Co.; Marriott International Inc.; MasterCard Inc.; McGraw Hill Financial; Microsoft Corp.; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; Monsanto Co.; Moody’s Corp.; Nike Inc.; Northrop Grumman Corp.; Office Depot Inc.; Oracle Corp.; Orbitz Worldwide Inc.; PepsiCo Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; Pure Storage Inc.; Qualcomm Inc.; Replacements Ltd.; Salesforce; SAP America Inc.; Sodexo Inc.; Symantec Corp.; T-Mobile USA Inc.; Target Corp.; Tech Data Corp.; TIAA; Twitter Inc.; Uber Technologies Inc.; Unilever; Warby Parker; Wedding Wire Inc.; Williams-Sonoma Inc.; and Xerox Corp. “Fairness and equality are core American values. But millions of LGBT Americans are still viewed as less than equal in the eyes of the law today,” said Cicilline. “I’m proud to introduce the Equality Act of 2017 with Senator Jeff Merkley. This bill ensures that every LGBT person can live their lives free from the fear of discrimination. Above all, it’s about honoring the values that have guided our nation since its founding. It’s critical that Congress pass the Equality Act into law.” “For far too long, the door of discrimination has been slammed shut on LGBTQ Americans,” added Senator Merkley. “It’s been slammed shut on equality, it’s been slammed shut on opportunity, and this must end. It’s time to have the Equality Act on the floor of the House and the floor of the Senate for a full debate.” “We cannot grow complacent in the quest for equal rights for all.  Every day it is evident that we still have work to do.  Basic constitutional human rights must be protected in every state,” LGBT Equality Caucus Co-Chair Jared Polis said.  “The Equality Act will finally give all LGBTQ Americans protections from discrimination. Equal rights are what sustain us as a unified nation, as the land of the free, and as an example for the entire world.” Despite significant advances, LGBT people across the country remain vulnerable to discrimination on a daily basis and too often have little recourse. With the advent of nationwide marriage equality, in many states, same-sex couples have the right to marry but have no explicit non-discrimination protections. In most states, this means that a same-sex couple could legally marry one day and risk being fired from their jobs, evicted from their apartment, or kicked out of a restaurant the next. The Equality Act ensures that the same protections already extended to other protected classes are equally available to LGBT Americans. It amends existing federal civil rights laws to explicitly prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity in education, employment, housing, credit, Federal jury service, public accommodations, and the use of Federal funds. In some of these areas, federal law prohibiting sex discrimination has already been properly interpreted by federal courts and administrative agencies to include discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. The Equality Act affirms that understanding of existing law and makes the prohibition against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity explicit, in order to provide greater clarity to members of the public, employers, schools, businesses and other affected parties. In areas where sex discrimination is not already prohibited, the bill amends existing law to bar discrimination on the basis of sex, as well as sexual orientation, and gender identity. Cicilline, who also led the introduction of the Equality Act of 2015, introduced the proposal today with more co-sponsors than ever before in the U.S. House. Today also marks the first time that the bill is being introduced as a bipartisan proposal in the House. The full text of the Equality Act can be viewed by clicking here. Connect with NJTODAY.NET Join NJTODAY.NET's free Email List to receive occasional updates delivered right to your email address! Online Form - Constant Contact Signup Form HTML Form Builder Print PDF Post navigation ← Trump could turn Megachurches into Super PACs Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertise With NJTODAY.NET Copyright © 2017 njtoday.net. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Centurylink Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity (FAM) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.14 Ducommun (DCO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Centurylink Inc (CTL) Announces Earnings Results $1.92 Earnings Per Share Expected for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) to Post $1.61 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Will Announce Earnings of $1.46 Per Share Groupon Inc (GRPN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile (SQM) to “Strong-Buy” Vetr Inc. Lowers Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) to Buy Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Stake Raised by Investment Management of Virginia LLC Genesee Valley Trust Co. Has $256,000 Position in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) National Grid plc (NGG) Shares Sold by FTB Advisors Inc. Sonoco Products Co (SON) Shares Sold by FTB Advisors Inc. Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $946,000 Position in PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) 98,721 Shares in Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Acquired by Falcon Point Capital LLC Investment Management of Virginia LLC Takes Position in United Insurance Holdings Corp (UIHC) Falcon Point Capital LLC Sells 30,780 Shares of Carriage Services, Inc. (CSV) Fortress Transprtn and Infr Investrs LLC (FTAI) Position Boosted by Falcon Point Capital LLC Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS Centurylink Inc (CTL) Announces Earnings Results May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Centurylink Inc (NYSE:CTL) issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The technology company reported $0.52 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $4.21 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.27 billion. Centurylink had a return on equity of 9.58% and a net margin of 3.58%. The company’s revenue was down 4.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.71 EPS. Centurylink updated its Q2 guidance to $0.46 – $0.52 EPS. Shares of Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) traded down 2.04% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $25.42. The company had a trading volume of 10,400,439 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $13.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.91 and a beta of 0.83. Centurylink has a 52 week low of $22.33 and a 52 week high of $33.45. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $24.40 and its 200 day moving average is $24.76. Centurylink also saw unusually large options trading on Monday. Traders purchased 10,056 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 686% compared to the average volume of 1,280 put options. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/centurylink-inc-ctl-announces-earnings-results.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on CTL shares. Vetr lowered Centurylink from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.27 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Morgan Stanley restated an “overweight” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on shares of Centurylink in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Centurylink from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Centurylink from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $28.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “sell” rating and set a $19.00 price objective on shares of Centurylink in a research report on Saturday, March 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $27.01. About Centurylink CenturyLink, Inc is an integrated communications company. The Company is engaged in providing an array of communications services to its residential and business customers. Its segments include business, which provides strategic, legacy and data integration products and services to small, medium and enterprise business, wholesale and governmental customers, including other communication providers, and consumer, which provides strategic and legacy products and services to residential customers. Receive News & Ratings for Centurylink Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BankUnited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Core Laboratories (CLB) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Has $94.898 Million Position in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) American Century Companies Inc. Raises Position in BankUnited (BKU) American Century Companies Inc. Reduces Stake in CDW Corp (CDW) Textron Inc. (TXT) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Boosts Position in Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) American Century Companies Inc. Acquires 684,015 Shares of Zions Bancorp (ZION) Investment Technology Group (ITG) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Highwoods Properties (HIW) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Laredo Petroleum (LPI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Will Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $221.02 Million $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million Analysts Expect Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) CEO Sells 1,117 Shares of Stock Daniel J. Mitchell Buys 11,000 Shares of Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Stock Richard H. Dozer Sells 1,833 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock American Century Companies Inc. Raises Position in BankUnited (BKU) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in shares of BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) by 15.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 2,665,817 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 360,001 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. owned approximately 2.51% of BankUnited worth $99,462,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in BKU. Aperio Group LLC raised its position in shares of BankUnited by 1.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 6,832 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 105 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of BankUnited by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 35,163 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,325,000 after buying an additional 170 shares during the period. BB&T Securities LLC raised its position in shares of BankUnited by 3.3% in the third quarter. BB&T Securities LLC now owns 10,552 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $318,000 after buying an additional 333 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of BankUnited by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 36,237 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,094,000 after buying an additional 848 shares during the period. Finally, Suntrust Banks Inc. raised its position in shares of BankUnited by 6.5% in the third quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 14,435 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $434,000 after buying an additional 884 shares during the period. 96.92% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) traded down 0.82% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $34.99. The company had a trading volume of 764,262 shares. BankUnited has a 52 week low of $27.85 and a 52 week high of $41.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $36.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $36.11. The company has a market capitalization of $3.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.24 and a beta of 1.01. BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.01. BankUnited had a net margin of 19.37% and a return on equity of 9.72%. The business earned $258.74 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $260.46 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.51 EPS. Analysts expect that BankUnited will post $2.40 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th were issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.40%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 11th. BankUnited’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 40.19%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/american-century-companies-inc-raises-position-in-bankunited-bku.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on BKU. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised BankUnited from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $42.00 to $41.00 in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised BankUnited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered BankUnited from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $42.00 to $39.00 in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Barclays PLC set a $42.00 price target on BankUnited and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, April 9th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $42.00 price target (down from $43.00) on shares of BankUnited in a report on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $39.31. In other BankUnited news, insider Joseph Roberto sold 1,759 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.80, for a total transaction of $70,008.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 18,889 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $751,782.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Mark Bagnoli sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.92, for a total transaction of $39,920.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 15,699 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $626,704.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 13,959 shares of company stock valued at $564,648 in the last three months. Insiders own 5.10% of the company’s stock. About BankUnited BankUnited, Inc is the bank holding company of BankUnited (the Bank). The bank is a national banking association. As of December 31, 2016, the Bank provided a range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties and six banking centers in the New York metropolitan area. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BKU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BankUnited (NYSE:BKU). Receive News & Ratings for BankUnited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essent Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Core Laboratories (CLB) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Has $94.898 Million Position in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) American Century Companies Inc. Raises Position in BankUnited (BKU) American Century Companies Inc. Reduces Stake in CDW Corp (CDW) Textron Inc. (TXT) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Boosts Position in Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) American Century Companies Inc. Acquires 684,015 Shares of Zions Bancorp (ZION) Investment Technology Group (ITG) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Highwoods Properties (HIW) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Laredo Petroleum (LPI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Will Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $221.02 Million $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million Analysts Expect Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) CEO Sells 1,117 Shares of Stock Daniel J. Mitchell Buys 11,000 Shares of Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Stock Richard H. Dozer Sells 1,833 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock American Century Companies Inc. Has $94.898 Million Position in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) by 20.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 2,623,677 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 445,823 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. owned approximately 2.81% of Essent Group worth $94,898,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in ESNT. First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Essent Group by 55.0% in the first quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 75,959 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,747,000 after buying an additional 26,957 shares during the last quarter. 361 Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Essent Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $205,000. SignalPoint Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Essent Group by 8.4% in the first quarter. SignalPoint Asset Management LLC now owns 24,386 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $882,000 after buying an additional 1,888 shares during the last quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. raised its stake in shares of Essent Group by 0.7% in the first quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 57,422 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,077,000 after buying an additional 373 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bowling Portfolio Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Essent Group by 14.1% in the first quarter. Bowling Portfolio Management LLC now owns 25,902 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $937,000 after buying an additional 3,195 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.37% of the company’s stock. Shares of Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) traded down 0.03% on Wednesday, reaching $36.64. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 452,589 shares. Essent Group Ltd has a 12-month low of $19.57 and a 12-month high of $39.50. The company has a market cap of $3.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.20 and a beta of 1.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $36.69 and its 200 day moving average price is $33.26. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 10th. The financial services provider reported $0.68 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $126.37 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $121.50 million. Essent Group had a return on equity of 17.85% and a net margin of 48.58%. The business’s revenue was up 29.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.48 EPS. Analysts forecast that Essent Group Ltd will post $2.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/american-century-companies-inc-has-94-898-million-position-in-essent-group-ltd-esnt.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Essent Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $39.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “hold” rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of Essent Group in a research report on Friday, April 28th. BTIG Research restated a “hold” rating on shares of Essent Group in a research report on Sunday, February 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Essent Group from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG assumed coverage on Essent Group in a research report on Friday, January 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $38.00 target price on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $35.86. Essent Group Company Profile Essent Group Ltd. is a private mortgage insurance company. The Company is engaged in offering private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Its products and services include mortgage insurance, contract underwriting, and Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ESNT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT). Receive News & Ratings for Essent Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
04/05/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 04/05/2017 Violence in Venezuela as protesters condemn Maduro decree Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It's a pantomime to push back the electoral process" Anti-government protester World 03/05/2017 Algeria: Voter apathy key challenge in parliamentary poll Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I know that none of them will come up with a change or anything new" Sofian Student in Algiers Business 03/05/2017 Facebook to hire 3,000 more monitors to block violent videos Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We're working to make these videos easier to report so we can take the right action sooner" Mark Zuckerberg Facebook CEO Sport 03/05/2017 Italian football legend Francesco Totti will retire at end of season Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Francesco is Roma" Monchi Director of Football, AS Roma World 03/05/2017 Britain's PM accuses EU politicians of trying to influence June's election Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 03/05/2017 Merkel backs German defence minister over far-right army terror scandal Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Alarm bells should have been heard earlier" Ursula von der Leyen German Defence Minister World 03/05/2017 'Fake news' VS free press: World Press Freedom Day 2017 Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Reporters play a critical role in holding governments accountable for rights abuses." Margaret Huang Executive Director, Amnesty USA Business 03/05/2017 Eurozone economy starts 2017 robustly Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires Aa Aa Now Reading: UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires 04/05/2017 UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires REUTERS 04/05/2017 By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) – UBS Group AG plans to hire about 100 wealth management client advisors over the next two years in Hong Kong, the biggest wealth hub in Asia-Pacific, to grab a bigger share of the fast-growing mid-tier millionaire segment. The Swiss bank’s sharpening focus on the middle of the wealth market comes as some global banks including Standard Chartered are raising the threshold for their private banking clients amid growing competition from regional players. “For us, the sweet spot is high-net-worth clients with investable assets of between $2 million and $50 million,” Jean-Claude Humair, regional market manager for Hong Kong at UBS, a bank known for its billionaire client list, told Reuters. “We see tremendous untapped opportunity in the entrepreneurs segment in Hong Kong,” he said. “The plan is to hire 50 client advisors in Hong Kong every year for the next two years to cater for these HNWIs (high-net-worth individuals).” With $286 billion worth of client assets as of end 2016 and about 1,100 client advisers, UBS is the largest private bank in Asia, followed by Citigroup and Credit Suisse Group, as per industry tracker Asian Private Banker. For a graphic on Asia’s top asset management firms, click http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/ASIA-WEALTH-REGULATIONS/010040LM1BM/wealth-management.jpg During the first quarter, a rebound in markets trading generated record wealth management revenues and profit before tax at the Swiss bank in Asia-Pacific, which has emerged as a key battleground for global wealth managers. With more than five million people boasting at least $1 million in liquid assets, Asia is the fastest-growing wealth region globally, according to data from Capgemini. UBS is shifting focus because the mid-segment is growing faster than the top-tier, or the ultra-high-net worth segment, which the bank classifies as individuals with more than $50 million in investable surplus. BUCKING THE TREND The high-net-worth business offers a better return on assets than that offered by the ultra-rich segment, UBS’s Humair said. The bank already covered three out of five billionaires in the region and almost 90 percent in Hong Kong, he added. With a host of local and regional banks crowding the low-and-mid-segment of the market, many of UBS’s global private banking rivals have raised their minimum wealth thresholds in the last couple of years to jump clear of rivals. Standard Chartered’s private banking business plans to raise the threshold from $2 million to at least $5 million over the next two years to optimise resources, a Standard Chartered spokeswoman said. She added the bank would continue to serve existing clients with assets of $2 million to $5 million. JPMorgan last year doubled its target client segment to at least $10 million in Asia. Meanwhile, regional banks including DBS Group have bolstered their presence in the millionaire segment via acquisitions. DBS, Singapore’s biggest lender, on Tuesday reported record first-quarter profit for its wealth management business. “I do believe we continue to gain share,” DBS Group CEO Piyush Gupta said. “It’s mostly from smaller players. I don’t think we are gaining market share against UBS, for example. UBS continues to grow as fast, if not faster than we do.” According to Capgemini, the ultra rich segment – which it defines as individuals with $30 million or more in assets – make up just 0.7 percent of Asia’s wealthy population, with the rest accounted for by those with $1-$30 million in assets. Total household wealth in Asia Pacific grew by 4.5 percent in 2016 from a year ago, compared to a drop of 1.7 percent in Europe and 2 percent growth in North America, according to Credit Suisse global wealth report. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Anshuman Daga in Singapore; Editing by Stephen Coates) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories world news 04/05/2017 Live updates after emergency meeting is called at Buckingham Palace, home... France 04/05/2017 Arguments and insults in fiery French presidential debate Venezuela 04/05/2017 Violence in Venezuela as protesters condemn Maduro decree Most viewed France 04/05/2017 Arguments and insults in fiery French presidential debate world news 03/05/2017 Trump poised to pick a fight over religious liberty vs. gay rights USA 03/05/2017 Trump reassures Abbas at the White House world news 03/05/2017 Seven-year-old Jamila is another victim of Yemen's civil war Russia 03/05/2017 Russia-Turkey relations have "fully recovered" - Putin Editor's choice world news 27/04/2017 'The US has long supported international justice, now it should be subjected... world news 01/05/2017 South Korea army slammed for 'gay witch-hunt' Portugal 28/04/2017 The great photos that summed up our world over the past year Flashback: one year ago world news 04/05/2016 Analysis: Trump triumphs over rivals but faces uphill battle against Clinton world news 04/05/2016 Video: Transgender woman 'assaulted on New York subway' world news 04/05/2016 Migrants in Idomeni react angrily to idea of visa-free Schengen travel for... USA 04/05/2016 Kasich crashes out of race leaving Trump unchallenged for Republican nomination Sport 04/05/2016 Former Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb facing life ban from football Editor's choice world news 27/04/2017 'The US has long supported international justice, now it should be subjected... world news 01/05/2017 South Korea army slammed for 'gay witch-hunt' Portugal 28/04/2017 The great photos that summed up our world over the past year no comment 02/05/2017 May Day in Paris world news 01/05/2017 The Godfather director and cast reunite after 45 years futuris 26/04/2017 Trash to treasure: how can we extract valuable resources from production... Sport 01/05/2017 Champions League: Madrid teams clash no comment 01/05/2017 South Korea THAAD scuffles USA 30/04/2017 Trump blasts 'failing media' at 100-day rally in Pennsylvania Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags USA Brexit Football British politics United Kingdom Vladimir Putin Germany Donald Trump Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Skip to main content Thu, May 04, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires Thursday, May 4, 2017 - 10:02 UBS Group AG plans to hire about 100 wealth management client advisors over the next two years in Hong Kong, the biggest wealth hub in Asia-Pacific, to grab a bigger share of the fast-growing mid-tier millionaire segment. PHOTO: REUTERS [HONG KONG] UBS Group AG plans to hire about 100 wealth management client advisors over the next two years in Hong Kong, the biggest wealth hub in Asia-Pacific, to grab a bigger share of the fast-growing mid-tier millionaire segment. The Swiss bank's sharpening focus on the middle of the wealth market comes as some global banks including Standard Chartered are raising the threshold for their private banking clients amid growing competition from regional players. "For us, the sweet spot is high-net-worth clients with investable assets of between US$2 million and US$50 million,"Jean-Claude Humair, regional market manager for Hong Kong at UBS, a bank known for its billionaire client list, told Reuters. "We see tremendous untapped opportunity in the entrepreneurs segment in Hong Kong," he said. "The plan is to hire 50 client advisors in Hong Kong every year for the next two years to cater for these HNWIs (high-net-worth individuals)." With US$286 billion worth of client assets as of end 2016 and about 1,100 client advisers, UBS is the largest private bank in Asia, followed by Citigroup and Credit Suisse Group, as per industry tracker Asian Private Banker. Powered by GET.com sentifi.com Market voices on: During the first quarter, a rebound in markets trading generated record wealth management revenues and profit before tax at the Swiss bank in Asia-Pacific, which has emerged as a key battleground for global wealth managers. SEE ALSO: Morgan Stanley, UBS among banks being hauled up over US Treasuries With more than five million people boasting at least US$1 million in liquid assets, Asia is the fastest-growing wealth region globally, according to data from Capgemini. UBS is shifting focus because the mid-segment is growing faster than the top-tier, or the ultra-high-net worth segment, which the bank classifies as individuals with more than US$50 million in investable surplus. The high-net-worth business offers a better return on assets than that offered by the ultra-rich segment, UBS's Humair said. The bank already covered three out of five billionaires in the region and almost 90 per cent in Hong Kong, he added. With a host of local and regional banks crowding the low-and-mid-segment of the market, many of UBS's global private banking rivals have raised their minimum wealth thresholds in the last couple of years to jump clear of rivals. Standard Chartered's private banking business plans to raise the threshold from US$2 million to at least US$5 million over the next two years to optimise resources, a Standard Chartered spokeswoman said. She added the bank would continue to serve existing clients with assets of US$2 million to US$5 million. JPMorgan last year doubled its target client segment to at least US$10 million in Asia. Meanwhile, regional banks including DBS Group have bolstered their presence in the millionaire segment via acquisitions. DBS, Singapore's biggest lender, on Tuesday reported record first-quarter profit for its wealth management business. "I do believe we continue to gain share," DBS Group CEO Piyush Gupta said. "It's mostly from smaller players. I don't think we are gaining market share against UBS, for example. UBS continues to grow as fast, if not faster than we do." According to Capgemini, the ultra rich segment - which it defines as individuals with US$30 million or more in assets - make up just 0.7 per cent of Asia's wealthy population, with the rest accounted for by those with US$1-US$30 million in assets. Total household wealth in Asia Pacific grew by 4.5 per cent in 2016 from a year ago, compared to a drop of 1.7 per cent in Europe and 2 per cent growth in North America, according to Credit Suisse global wealth report. REUTERS private banking UBS millionaires wealth management Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Australia central bank governor: Rates will not always be this low 2:14 PM HSBC Q1 pretax profit falls 19% 1:19 PM US dollar builds on gains but Asia markets struggle 12:44 PM UOB's FDI advisory unit draws S$27b in business flows into Asean in 2016 12:01 PM Australia dollar skids to 4-month lows, NZ dollar vulnerable 11:29 AM Big Chinese banks asked to launch 'inclusive finance' units: Xinhua 9:36 AM Breaking News 2:49 pm Dozens of Fairfax journalists down pens in protest over job cuts 2:46 pm Australia shares dip for third session; NZ lower 2:38 pm Through Singapore's CLTX, German bourse seeks to tap Asia's commodities 2:32 pm BMW sees forecasts in reach after Q1 profit boost 2:14 pm Australia central bank governor: Rates will not always be this low 1:47 pm Dust storm blows across north China, flights cancelled 1:43 pm Taiwan: Stocks flat after eight straight sessions of gains 1:41 pm HK's next leader pledges to heal divisions, put city back on "normal course" 1:19 pm HSBC Q1 pretax profit falls 19% 1:14 pm Two dead, including suspect in Dallas-area college shooting: police Most Read 1 Changes to Singapore's Cabinet from May 1 2 A US$130b manager sells Singtel as competition intensifies 3 Marco Polo Marine suspends trading as planned debt revamp hits a roadblock 4 Sabana Reit unitholders vote against manager removal, wind-up 5 Stocks to watch: Sabana Reit, First Ship Lease Trust, Noble Group Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Emerge Energy Services LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Issues Earnings Results -$0.09 Earnings Per Share Expected for Brightcove Inc (BCOV) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) to Announce -$0.34 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Will Post Earnings of $1.00 Per Share Hovnanian Enterprises (HOV) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Post Holdings (POST) Share Price ContraFect Corp (CFRX) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Chase Investment Counsel Corp Invests $925,000 in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $40.015 Million Position in Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Increases Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) 33,581 Shares in Associated Banc Corp (ASB) Acquired by 361 Capital LLC Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Position Boosted by Tillar Wenstrup Advisors LLC 6,649 Shares in Pool Co. (POOL) Acquired by 361 Capital LLC 361 Capital LLC Purchases New Position in Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Engility Holdings, Inc. (EGL) Stake Boosted by Capital One National Association Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Position Raised by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Increases Stake in Cabot Corp (CBT) Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Announces Earnings Results General Cable Co. (BGC) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Zacks: Brokerages Expect Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) to Announce -$0.34 Earnings Per Share May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Emerge Energy Services LP (NYSE:EMES) to report ($0.34) earnings per share for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Five analysts have issued estimates for Emerge Energy Services’ earnings, with estimates ranging from ($0.56) to ($0.26). Emerge Energy Services reported earnings per share of ($1.43) during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 76.2%. The company is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report before the market opens on Wednesday, May 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Emerge Energy Services will report full year earnings of ($0.30) per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.84) to $0.08. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the business will report earnings of $2.04 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.25 to $3.05. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that follow Emerge Energy Services. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The oil and gas company reported ($0.38) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.32) by $0.06. The company earned $75.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $71.75 million. Emerge Energy Services had a negative return on equity of 255.24% and a negative net margin of 28.61%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 153.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned ($1.43) earnings per share. A number of research firms recently issued reports on EMES. Wunderlich boosted their target price on shares of Emerge Energy Services from $20.00 to $30.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Emerge Energy Services from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on shares of Emerge Energy Services to $17.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Emerge Energy Services from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.17. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/zacks-brokerages-expect-emerge-energy-services-lp-emes-to-announce-0-34-earnings-per-share.html. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) traded down 5.44% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $11.81. The stock had a trading volume of 740,227 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $13.08 and a 200 day moving average of $14.13. The firm’s market capitalization is $355.14 million. Emerge Energy Services has a 52-week low of $3.00 and a 52-week high of $24.45. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of EMES. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Emerge Energy Services by 33.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 449,069 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $5,856,000 after buying an additional 111,345 shares during the period. Castleark Management LLC increased its position in shares of Emerge Energy Services by 73.3% in the fourth quarter. Castleark Management LLC now owns 313,480 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $3,859,000 after buying an additional 132,550 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. increased its position in shares of Emerge Energy Services by 4.4% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 66,894 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $926,000 after buying an additional 2,804 shares during the period. RR Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth $693,000. Finally, GLG Partners LP purchased a new position in shares of Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth $286,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 25.04% of the company’s stock. About Emerge Energy Services Emerge Energy Services LP owns, operates, acquires and develops a portfolio of energy service assets. The Company operates through Sand segment. The Company conducts its Sand operations through its subsidiary, Superior Silica Sands LLC (SSS). The Company’s Sand business mines, processes and distributes silica sand, an input for the hydraulic fracturing of oil and gas wells. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Emerge Energy Services (EMES) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 3, 2017 | 9:48pm EDT UBS breaks ranks with push for mid-tier Asian millionaires A UBS advertisement is displayed on top of a commercial building in Hong Kong, China May 2, 2017. Picture taken May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip By Sumeet Chatterjee | HONG KONG HONG KONG UBS Group AG (UBSG.S) plans to hire about 100 wealth management client advisors over the next two years in Hong Kong, the biggest wealth hub in Asia-Pacific, to grab a bigger share of the fast-growing mid-tier millionaire segment. The Swiss bank's sharpening focus on the middle of the wealth market comes as some global banks including Standard Chartered (STAN.L) are raising the threshold for their private banking clients amid growing competition from regional players. "For us, the sweet spot is high-net-worth clients with investable assets of between $2 million and $50 million," Jean-Claude Humair, regional market manager for Hong Kong at UBS, a bank known for its billionaire client list, told Reuters. "We see tremendous untapped opportunity in the entrepreneurs segment in Hong Kong," he said. "The plan is to hire 50 client advisors in Hong Kong every year for the next two years to cater for these HNWIs (high-net-worth individuals)." With $286 billion worth of client assets as of end 2016 and about 1,100 client advisers, UBS is the largest private bank in Asia, followed by Citigroup (C.N) and Credit Suisse Group (CSGN.S), as per industry tracker Asian Private Banker. During the first quarter, a rebound in markets trading generated record wealth management revenues and profit before tax at the Swiss bank in Asia-Pacific, which has emerged as a key battleground for global wealth managers. With more than five million people boasting at least $1 million in liquid assets, Asia is the fastest-growing wealth region globally, according to data from Capgemini. UBS is shifting focus because the mid-segment is growing faster than the top-tier, or the ultra-high-net worth segment, which the bank classifies as individuals with more than $50 million in investable surplus. BUCKING THE TREND The high-net-worth business offers a better return on assets than that offered by the ultra-rich segment, UBS's Humair said. The bank already covered three out of five billionaires in the region and almost 90 percent in Hong Kong, he added. With a host of local and regional banks crowding the low-and-mid-segment of the market, many of UBS's global private banking rivals have raised their minimum wealth thresholds in the last couple of years to jump clear of rivals. Standard Chartered's private banking business plans to raise the threshold from $2 million to at least $5 million over the next two years to optimize resources, a Standard Chartered spokeswoman said. She added the bank would continue to serve existing clients with assets of $2 million to $5 million. JPMorgan (JPM.N) last year doubled its target client segment to at least $10 million in Asia. Meanwhile, regional banks including DBS Group (DBSM.SI) have bolstered their presence in the millionaire segment via acquisitions. DBS, Singapore's biggest lender, on Tuesday reported record first-quarter profit for its wealth management business. "I do believe we continue to gain share," DBS Group CEO Piyush Gupta said. "It's mostly from smaller players. I don't think we are gaining market share against UBS, for example. UBS continues to grow as fast, if not faster than we do." According to Capgemini, the ultra rich segment - which it defines as individuals with $30 million or more in assets - make up just 0.7 percent of Asia's wealthy population, with the rest accounted for by those with $1-$30 million in assets. Total household wealth in Asia Pacific grew by 4.5 percent in 2016 from a year ago, compared to a drop of 1.7 percent in Europe and 2 percent growth in North America, according to Credit Suisse global wealth report. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Anshuman Daga in Singapore; Editing by Stephen Coates) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Facebook shares dip from high as investors fret over costs, future profit Facebook Inc reported surging quarterly profit and revenue on Wednesday, helped by its fast-growing mobile ad business, but its shares dipped from a record high in after-hours trading as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. Tesla plugs older Model S as new buyers turn to Model 3 SAN FRANCISCO Electric-car maker Tesla Inc on Wednesday reported first-quarter revenue that more than doubled, and while saying the upcoming Model 3 was on schedule for July, it downplayed the mass-market vehicle to give a sales pitch for its more expensive Model S. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
