Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EQT Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 2,741 Shares in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Acquired by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. US Bancorp DE Acquires 137,430 Shares of TransCanada Co. (TRP) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE Core Laboratories (CLB) Position Increased by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Has $86 Million Position in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) US Bancorp DE Boosts Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc. AT Bancorp Maintains Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Lucas Capital Management Sells 9,894 Shares of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) $0.33 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tegna Inc (TGNA) This Quarter Surgical Care Affiliates Inc (SCAI) Receives $52.50 Average Target Price from Brokerages Uni Select Inc (UNS) Receives C$43.57 Average PT from Analysts Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Receives $13.50 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Price Target at $27.80 Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) Issues Earnings Results Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Tygh Capital Management Inc. Acquires New Stake in Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Tygh Capital Management Inc. Decreases Position in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Altfest L J & Co. Inc. raised its position in EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) by 21.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 5,040 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 875 shares during the period. Altfest L J & Co. Inc.’s holdings in EQT were worth $308,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of EQT by 5.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,117,821 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,243,095,000 after buying an additional 933,499 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in EQT by 8.6% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 17,065,832 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,239,321,000 after buying an additional 1,344,202 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. boosted its position in EQT by 9.1% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 9,035,038 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $552,041,000 after buying an additional 756,782 shares during the period. Boston Partners boosted its position in EQT by 7.3% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 7,408,773 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $538,025,000 after buying an additional 506,135 shares during the period. Finally, Aristotle Capital Management LLC boosted its position in EQT by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 3,103,382 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $202,961,000 after buying an additional 102,463 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) traded down 3.33% during trading on Thursday, reaching $56.25. 3,158,630 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is $9.72 billion. EQT Co. has a 12-month low of $55.36 and a 12-month high of $80.61. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $60.61 and its 200-day moving average is $63.77. EQT (NYSE:EQT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. The firm earned $897.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $713.65 million. EQT had a negative return on equity of 0.53% and a negative net margin of 28.16%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 64.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.07 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that EQT Co. will post $1.44 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $0.03 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.21%. EQT’s dividend payout ratio is presently -4.49%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/eqt-co-eqt-stake-boosted-by-altfest-l-j-co-inc.html. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on EQT shares. KLR Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price objective on shares of EQT in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Tudor Pickering raised shares of EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Stifel Nicolaus started coverage on shares of EQT in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $63.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of EQT in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.64. In other news, Director A. Bray Jr. Cary bought 421 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were purchased at an average price of $61.10 per share, for a total transaction of $25,723.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider M Elise Hyland sold 3,479 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.56, for a total transaction of $210,688.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 15,941 shares in the company, valued at approximately $965,386.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.10% of the company’s stock. EQT Company Profile EQT Corporation is a natural gas company. The Company operates through three segments: EQT Production, EQT Gathering and EQT Transmission. The EQT Production segment includes its exploration for, and development and production of, natural gas, natural gas liquids and a limited amount of crude oil, primarily in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT). Receive News & Ratings for EQT Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV Decreases Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Parnassus Investments CA Purchases 6,158 Shares of KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Position Increased by Parnassus Investments CA ING Groep NV Purchases 15,282 Shares of Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. Has $2.472 Million Position in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Stake Cut by Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. APG Asset Management N.V. Lowers Position in Baidu Inc (BIDU) Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Stake Boosted by APG Asset Management N.V. ING Groep NV Sells 7,515 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Edison International (EIX) Position Decreased by APG Asset Management N.V. Denny's Co. (DENN) Given “Neutral” Rating at Instinet U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) CFO Jeffrey S. Finnin Sells 8,000 Shares Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given a $123.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Insider Kyle Gano Sells 15,000 Shares salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Chairman Marc Benioff Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (FIX) CFO William George III Sells 28,396 Shares Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Declares $0.20 Quarterly Dividend Uniti Group Inc (UNIT) to Issue $0.60 Quarterly Dividend Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) EVP Michael I. Otner Sells 7,500 Shares Edison International (EIX) Position Decreased by APG Asset Management N.V. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet APG Asset Management N.V. decreased its stake in shares of Edison International (NYSE:EIX) by 0.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 2,257,818 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 20,831 shares during the period. APG Asset Management N.V. owned about 0.69% of Edison International worth $179,745,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Edison International by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 25,627,938 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $1,844,971,000 after buying an additional 118,129 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares in the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Edison International by 8.6% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 11,222,827 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $807,931,000 after buying an additional 885,507 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in shares of Edison International by 14.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 11,220,099 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $810,652,000 after buying an additional 1,403,621 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Edison International during the fourth quarter valued at about $300,299,000. 81.30% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded up 1.22% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $79.78. 1,712,307 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Edison International has a 12-month low of $67.44 and a 12-month high of $81.33. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $80.08 and its 200 day moving average price is $74.54. The company has a market cap of $25.99 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.07 and a beta of 0.15. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The utilities provider reported $1.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.21. Edison International had a net margin of 8.80% and a return on equity of 9.59%. The firm had revenue of $2.46 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.71 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.82 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Edison International will post $4.20 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be given a $0.5425 dividend. This represents a $2.17 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.72%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. Edison International’s payout ratio is currently 80.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Edison International (EIX) Position Decreased by APG Asset Management N.V.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/edison-international-eix-position-decreased-by-apg-asset-management-n-v.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $85.00 price target (up previously from $82.00) on shares of Edison International in a research report on Wednesday. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $83.00 price target (up previously from $80.00) on shares of Edison International in a research report on Tuesday. Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $84.00 price target (up previously from $78.00) on shares of Edison International in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. Mizuho reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $91.50 price target on shares of Edison International in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Edison International from $79.00 to $81.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $82.41. In other news, Director Vanessa C. L. Chang sold 2,500 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.03, for a total value of $197,575.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 2,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $197,575. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Ronald L. Litzinger sold 26,035 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.64, for a total transaction of $1,943,252.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 11,354 shares in the company, valued at approximately $847,462.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 32,192 shares of company stock worth $2,433,387. Insiders own 1.51% of the company’s stock. About Edison International Edison International is the holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). As of December 31, 2016, SCE, a public utility, was primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. The Company is also the parent company of Edison Energy Group, Inc (Edison Energy Group), a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and distributed solar to commercial and industrial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edison International (NYSE:EIX). Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent University of Iowa must pay $1.4 million to Jane Meyer Chris Simpson goes from hospital to Victory Lane at MLRA race Planning commission changes course, backs Crestwood Ridge Hawkeye Downs' new leadership has lofty vision for future Cedar Rapids Kennedy boys win MVC Valley track meet Kernels blow 9th-inning chance, lose in extras to Lake County, 4-3 Cedar Rapids Kennedy boys win MVC Valley track meet Chris Simpson goes from hospital to Victory Lane at MLRA race Mount Vernon girls, Western Dubuque boys rule the Wamac Cedar Rapids Washington hurdler Amara Taylor claims redemptive MVC crown Threat to break up banks isn't scaring Wall Street White House doesn't appear to be inclined to act Video Photo Gary Cohn Economic adviser Abaca Press/TNS White House economic adviser, Gary Cohn (left), shown here with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, did not make a case for splitting up big banks when he met recently with a financial lobbying group, some attendees say. By Bloomberg News May 4, 2017 at 3:15 pm | Print View Despite President Donald Trump’s repeated assertions that he might support breaking up big banks, Wall Street doesn’t appear to be worried. Yet. The calm is fueled by signals from administration aides in private meetings with industry executives to discuss rolling back financial rules, a Trump priority. While not making any assurances, the officials aren’t harping on the issue, according to people who have participated in or been briefed on the discussions. In fact, the topic of reviving Glass-Steagall — the 1933 law separating investment and commercial banking — rarely comes up. Trump’s top economic adviser Gary Cohn last month eased the concerns of at least two bank CEOs who called him after he spoke approvingly of Glass-Steagall in a meeting with senators, people familiar with the matter said. Neither Cohn nor the Treasury Department’s Craig Phillips made a case for splitting up banks when they met recently with an important financial lobbying group, said some attendees. There also is a sense in the industry that lawmakers have little appetite to take on another controversial legislative fight, especially one that would anger big donors. Republicans, who control both houses of Congress, are particularly loath to support such a dramatic reshaping of the banking system. “I’m sure it will be brought up,” said Bob Corker, R-Tenn., who sits on the Senate Banking Committee. “But is there a lot of momentum around this in the House and Senate? Currently there is not.” Still, Trump’s most recent comments about breaking up banks have caused a few tremors as banking executives try to parse what he meant. Financial institutions taking special notice include Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase and Co. All three have substantial footprints in commercial and investment banking, so their business models would be severely affected if they had to break up. Though they still think any action is unlikely, those banks are telling their trade associations and lobbyists they shouldn’t dismiss Trump’s comments out of hand. A nightmare scenario, some finance executives said, would be another major scandal similar to the JPMorgan trader known as the London Whale who lost billions of dollars, or Wells Fargo’s fake accounts fiasco. Such an embarrassment could spur a wave of lawmakers to support a drastic move such as breaking up banks. Spokesmen for the banks declined to comment. Interviews with about a dozen people, including executives at most of the largest banks, industry lobbyists and lawyers focused on financial regulation, show that the administration’s rhetoric is often different from reality. For example, Cohn told the bank CEOs who contacted him after his Senate meeting that he was simply responding to a question from U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., implying that he had been trapped into discussing Glass-Steagall. He added that he was echoing comments Trump made on the campaign trail as well as backing language in the Republican platform that expresses support for the law, said people briefed on the conversations who requested anonymity. Both executives were left with the impression that they shouldn’t fret, the people added. Later in the month, Cohn and Phillips, who is leading the Treasury’s review of financial regulations, met in Washington, D.C., with the board of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, known as Sifma. The two talked more about creating jobs and boosting lending, rather than making structural changes to banks. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom declined to comment on the meeting. She said Cohn is “putting his extensive knowledge of the financial world to work for the American people, and they are the ones he is thinking about when formulating economic policy.” Cheryl Crispen, a Sifma spokeswoman, said, “We are not going to provide a comment on any discussions from our board meeting.” The Glass-Steagall law was part of the government’s move to regulate Wall Street in the wake of the 1929 stock market crash. It was repealed in 1999, spurring a wave of bank mergers and the growth of large, one-stop-shop financial services companies. Among the best known was the combination of Citicorp and Travelers Group that created Citigroup. The 2008 financial crisis and the $700 billion taxpayer bailout of Wall Street sparked a renewed interest in the law, as some Democrats and others on the left argued that splitting up the massive banks would ensure that they would never again threaten the economy or need another rescue. Congress, however, took another tack, passing the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, which piled on new capital requirements and trading rules but left the largest banks intact. The result, many executives said, is stronger institutions that are able to provide large-scale lending and other services that the biggest, global corporations need. “It would be against America’s interests to break up the large banks,” Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America, the nation’s second-largest lender, said Wednesday at the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit in New York. In fact, he added, it would “be crazy.” U.S. lawmakers debated the issue after the financial crisis and decided that universal banks are good for the economy, Daniel Pinto, JPMorgan’s head of investment banking, said Tuesday during an interview in Riyadh. “They needed to be properly capitalized, have proper liquidity management and a strong resolution mechanism,” Pinto said. “That has already happened.” As a candidate, Trump was highly critical of Dodd-Frank, saying its strictures have forced banks to cut back on lending. But he also praised Glass-Steagall, a nod to his populist, anti-Wall Street message. Now in office, Trump and other administration officials have touted their support for a “21st century, modern Glass-Steagall.” What that means, however, is anyone’s guess. None of Trump’s advisers have offered details on a plan and, in the Bloomberg News interview, the president was similarly vague. “There are, you know, some people that want to go back to the old system, right?” he said. “So we’re going to look at that. We’re going to, we’re looking at it right now as we speak.” Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, said that he has a hard time taking Trump at his word, especially as he has populated his administration with finance executives. “So far, Trump has just talked up Glass-Steagall without actually doing anything, which is what you’d expect from a guy who puts big banks in charge of policy,” said Stanley, whose group would like to see the law reinstated. Financial institutions don’t seem to be taking Trump’s threats at face value, either. The large banks didn’t say much about reinstating Glass-Steagall in comments their trade associations have been submitting to the Treasury for its review of financial regulations. That process was triggered by an executive order Trump signed earlier this year, and the department is slated to issue a report in early June that lays out recommendations for eliminating rules. Sifma, in a letter than ran some 260 pages, devoted about a paragraph to the issue, arguing that the litany of rules already imposed on banks make structural reform “unnecessary.” Another organization, the Clearing House Association, barely noted the controversy at all, tucking in roughly a sentence on the issue deep into a 50-page draft that was recently sent to its members. The lack of wording alarmed some of the lenders it represents, especially after Trump’s comments, and they lobbied to change it. Greg Baer, the association’s president, explained that he was reluctant to press the issue since Congress was unlikely to ever pass a new Glass-Steagall, people briefed on the discussions said. Instead, he offered to personally raise the matter with Treasury officials. A Clearing House spokesman declined to comment. But when it released its letter to the Treasury earlier this week, there was new language opposing any move to break up banks. And, it was more prominently placed, in the last paragraph of the introduction. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Wall Street ends flat as health bill pas ... Prince Philip, Queen Elizabeth's husband ... Facebook steers away from big sports Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Polymetal International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proteon Therapeutics Inc (PRTO) Receives $3.40 Average Target Price from Analysts Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given New GBX 956 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Helmerich & Payne, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2018 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share (HP) Analysts Offer Predictions for Myriad Genetics, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MYGN) Pearson plc (PSON) Receives “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC South32 Ltd (S32) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Adva Optical Netwo (ADVOF) to Sell Saga PLC (SAGA) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Raises Position in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact DXC Technology (CSC) Share Price Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Has $371,000 Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Advisor Partners LLC Sells 254 Shares of Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Stake Decreased by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Invests $265,000 in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Advisor Partners LLC Takes Position in NVR, Inc. (NVR) Wright Investors Service Inc. Buys Shares of 2,790 Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Nice Ltd (NICE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.64 Per Share $0.69 EPS Expected for Huron Consulting Group (HURN) This Quarter Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given New GBX 956 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) had its price target decreased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 980 ($12.65) to GBX 956 ($12.34) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an underweight rating on the mining company’s stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 960 ($12.40) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,200 ($15.49) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Panmure Gordon reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,192 ($15.39) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Citigroup Inc lowered their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 1,014 ($13.09) to GBX 1,000 ($12.91) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 810 ($10.46) to GBX 840 ($10.85) and gave the company a sector performer rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 847.42 ($10.94). Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) traded down 2.53% during trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 963.50. 1,114,598 shares of the stock traded hands. Polymetal International PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 665.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,367.91. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,026.04 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 914.38. The stock’s market cap is GBX 4.14 billion. WARNING: “Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given New GBX 956 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/polymetal-international-plc-poly-given-new-gbx-956-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a €0.18 ($0.20) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This is a positive change from Polymetal International PLC’s previous dividend of $0.15. This represents a dividend yield of 1.54%. About Polymetal International PLC Polymetal International plc is a gold and silver mining company operating in Russia, Kazakhstan and Armenia. The Company operates through nine segments: Voro (CJSC Gold of Northern Urals); Okhotsk operations (LLC Okhotskaya Mining and Exploration Company and Svetloye LLC); Dukat (JSC Magadan Silver); Omolon (Omolon Gold Mining Company LLC); Varvara (JSC Varvarinskoye; JSC Komarovskoye Mining Company); Amursk/Albazino (Albazino Resources Ltd, Amur Hydrometallurgical Plant LLC); Mayskoye (Mayskoye Gold Mining Company LLC); Kyzyl (Bakyrchik Mining Venture LLP and Inter Gold Capital LLP), and Armenia (Kapan MPC CJSC and LV Gold Mining CJSC). Receive News & Ratings for Polymetal International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/tesla-motors-why-its-miss-wasnt-as-bad-as-it-lookedand-why-it-doesnt-matter-1493913171 Stocks to Watch Tesla Motors: Why Its Miss Wasn’t as Bad as It Looked…and Why It Doesn’t Matter Tesla's loss wasn't as bad as it appeared. But that doesn't mean JPMorgan's Ryan Brinkman is getting bullish. By Ben Levisohn May 4, 2017 11:52 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Tesla (TSLA) reported a much larger-than-expected loss after yesterday's market close, but it might not have been as bad as it looks. Illustration: Getty Images Don't take my word for it. That analysis is coming from JPMorgan's Ryan Brinkman and team, who have an underweight rating on Tesla: Tesla’s 1Q results tracked better than expected, led by stronger margin on roughly in line revenue, and a better than expected cash flow performance, given lower capital expenditures. Revenue tracked roughly in line ($2,696 mn vs. JPM $2,607 mn and consensus $2,608 mn), and automotive gross margin was better (27.8% vs. JPM 24.7% and consensus 25.6%), leading to better than expected gross profit ($678 mn vs. JPM $575 mn) and less than feared operating losses (-$154 mn vs. JPM -$227 mn). Headline adjusted EPS of -$1.33 appeared to track well below JPM of -$0.21, but was entirely driven by volatile non-cash noncontrolling interest expense associated with the SolarCity business, while operating loss was less. Does that mean Brinkman is ready to join the bulls? Hardly. While Brinkman did raise his Tesla price target to $190 from $185, he maintained his Underweight rating. "We continue to be cautious relative to the potential for a slower than guided start to Model 3 assembly" he explains, "and newly believe that the potential for Model 3 pre-orders cancellations may increasingly become a point of investor concern" You've been warned. Shares of Tesla have dropped 5.4% to $294.22 at 11:50 a.m. today. Text Size Regular Medium Large Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Walt Disney: Guardians of Its Stock? NEXT Chesapeake Energy: What Did We Do Wrong?!?! Most Popular Tesla’s New Truck: Don’t Laugh, Says Analyst Is the 8-Year-Old Bull Market Near Its End? Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Get More For Your Money™ Get More For Your Travel CREDIT CARDS TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD ADMIN US SG ROUND THE WORLD FOR FREE WE GOT US$54,000 WORTH OF AIR TICKETS NEARLY FREE We are Pedro Pla and Grace Cheng, frequent flyers, travel hackers, credit card geeks and husband-and-wife co-founders of GET.com. We got 4 Round-the-World (RTW) air tickets on Business Class to 5 continents worth US$54,000 for FREE (well almost, we only had to pay taxes and fees). We'll use these free tickets to travel to Africa, Europe, South America, North America and Asia for 6 months with our two toddlers, starting January 2017. Read How We Did It» South African Airways A340 Business Class Review (2017): Johannesburg to Cape Town (SA 323) Singapore Airlines A350-900 Business Class Review (2017): SIN-JNB, #SingaporeAirA350 Singapore Airlines Business Class Lounge Review (2017): SilverKris Lounge at Changi Airport How To Get Free Business Class Flights Worth $54,000 What We Did With One Million Air Miles Earned From Credit Card RewardsMore trip reports» CREDIT CARDS OUR PICKS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards Bonus Offer Credit Cards Credit Card Roundups REWARDS Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards LOW INTEREST Balance Transfer Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards TRAVEL Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards SMALL BUSINESS Business Credit Cards LIFESTYLE Student Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Supermarket Credit Cards Credit Card Blog TRAVEL GET.COM'S TRAVEL GUIDES More Travel Guides» FREQUENT FLYER NEWS Alaska Mileage Plan Named Top Airline Loyalty Program In The Airline World Southwest Rapid Rewards Might Be The Best Thing In The Airline World Alaska Airlines Named Top Airline In The United States Companions Flying On Miles + Cash Tickets To Enjoy Free Upgrades On Delta Flights DIRECTV Is Now Giving 50,000 American AAdvantage Miles For New Signups There's Still Time To Earn Multiple 1,000 Bonus Delta SkyMiles Before June Ends Join Alaska Mileage Plan And Take An Alaskan Or Virgin America Flight By Sept. 30 To Earn 5,000 Bonus Miles Delta Jacks Up Standby And Flight Change Fees By 50% Enjoy 500 Free Miles When You Open A Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer AccountMore Travel News» BEST TRAVEL TIPS & HACKS How To Buy Cheap Airline Tickets - A Guide By GET.com How To Avoid High Air Travel Fees - A Guide By GET.com How To Find Cheap Hotels For Your Holiday - A Guide By GET.com Best Credit Cards That Give You Up To $250 Of Air Travel Credit (2017) How To Transfer Your Miles To Family Members For Free Flights Airport Lounge Clubs - 5 Ways To Save On Passes Best Credit Cards That Maximize The Value Of Your Miles For Travel (2017) Best Credit Cards That Come With Free Travel Insurance (2017) Air Travel Rights - A Guide By GET.com Travel Credit Cards - What Are Your Air Miles Really Worth? (2017) Cheap Travel - 4 Saving Tips For Backpackers (And Other Budget Travelers) Cheap Travel - Can You Still See The World On $100 A Day? Get More Hotel Deals Out Of Your American Express Card 10 Ways To Find Cheaper Holiday Stays Hilton Reward Stays - Top 4 Credit Cards BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS Business Charge Cards Business Rewards Cards Business Travel Cards Business Airlines Cards Low Interest Business Cards No Annual Fee Business Cards American Express Business Cards Visa Business Cards BLOG Earn Up To A $200 Bonus: Cash Back Cards With The Best Bonus Offers You Can Now Pool Your Hilton Honors Points With Up To 10 People World's Longest Dreamliner Flight Between Perth And London Now On Sale With Qantas Alaska Airlines Now Limits Guests In Some Priority Pass Lounges Air India To Start Fining Unruly Passengers Who Delay Flights Qatar Airways Will Add Flights To San Francisco In 2018 Southwest Airlines Plans To Stop Overbooking Flights Canada's WestJet Wants To Bring Lower Fares With A New Ultra-Low-Cost Airline GET.comCredit CardsEarn Up To A $200 Bonus: Cash Back Cards With The Best Bonus Offers Earn Up To A $200 Bonus: Cash Back Cards With The Best Bonus Offers Did you know that some cash back credit cards may reward you with points instead of straight up cash in the form of statement credit? People who prefer to have more flexibility in what they can do with their credit card rewards might appreciate earning points that can also be redeemed for cash back. With the points that you earn on qualifying purchases that you make with your credit card, you can accumulate and redeem these points for things like travel, gift cards, charitable donations, merchandise and of course, cash. Some cards let you bag a flat rate of cash back on almost all purchases while some may offer you different percentages of cash back on purchases in certain categories. That being said, credit cards aren't created equal. Certain cards fare a little better and which card is right for you really depends on your needs, lifestyle and credit score among other things. But some of the best cash back cards cards have one thing in common - bonus offers. Fret not if you aren't sure which card you can consider signing up for because we at GET.com will show you our pick of the 5 best cash back cards with great bonus offers. It's always a good idea to take advantage of bonus offers to get more for your money, especially if you were already planning on spending money on items and services or a big-ticket purchase. 5 Cash Back Cards With The Best Bonus Offers 1. Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Wells Fargo's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.80/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card NEW! Earn a $200 cash rewards bonus after spending $1,000 in the first 3 months Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on virtually every purchase Enjoy 1.8% cash rewards on qualified mobile wallet purchases, like Apple Pay® or Android Pay™, during the first 12 months from account opening No category restrictions or sign ups and cash rewards don't expire as long as your account remains open Get up to $600 protection on your cell phone (subject to $25 deductible) against covered damage or theft when you pay your monthly cellular telephone bill with your Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card 0% Intro APR for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers, then a 13.74%-25.74% variable APR; balance transfer fees apply $0 Annual Fee Select "Apply Now" to learn more about the product features, terms, and conditions APPLY NOWAt Wells Fargo's secure website 0% intro APR for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers 13.74%-25.74% (Variable) $0 Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card or view more details of Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card . See more Wells Fargo credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Wells Fargo's secure website Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card lets you earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on essentially every purchase that you make as there aren't any category restrictions or quarterly activations involved. As a welcome bonus, Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card lets you earn a $200 cash rewards bonus after you've spent $1,000 on your new card within the first three months of account opening. Besides cash redemption, you can redeem your cash rewards for gift cards, travel, merchandise or even charitable donations. Your cash rewards do not expire as long as your account is open. But, keep in mind that cash redemptions online or by phone can be redeemed in $25 increments whereas cash redemptions by withdrawal from a Wells Fargo ATM or a rewards redemption to an eligible Wells Fargo account from a Wells Fargo ATM can be redeemed in $20 increments only. This card has a $0 annual fee. 2. Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.50/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card Get a $200 cash rewards bonus after you spend $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption Redeem your cash rewards for a deposit into a U.S. checking or savings account, a statement credit or gift cards. Redemptions start at $50 Cash rewards do not expire as long as your account is open, active and in good standing Enjoy a 0% introductory APR for 15 months on Balance Transfers made within 45 days of account opening. After that, a variable APR will apply, 15.74%, 20.74% or 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness Please note, there is a fee for balance transfers No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website 0% on purchases and balance transfers for 15 months (on balance transfers made within 45 days of account opening) 15.74%, 20.74% or 25.74% Variable $0 Why we like it Get a $200 cash rewards bonus after you spend $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase. Excellent Related Links Read our review of Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® or view more details of Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® . See more Barclaycard credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® also makes it easy for you to earn a $200 cash rewards bonus. All you have to do is charge $1,000 in purchases to your card within the first 90 days of account opening. Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® lets you earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase you make with your card. Additionally, you get to earn 5% of your cash rewards back each time you redeem your cash rewards. This redemption bonus can be used toward your next redemption. Plus, as long as your account remains open, active and in good standing, your cash rewards will not expire. Besides redeeming your cash rewards for a statement credit, you can choose to redeem them for gift cards or deposit them into a U.S. savings or checking account. Cash rewards redemption begins from $50. This card has no annual fee. 3. Chase Freedom® Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Chase Freedom® Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.85/5 User Rating: 3.00/5Rate This Card Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases - it's automatic 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, then a variable APR of 15.74-24.49%. Balance transfer fee is 5% of the amount transferred, $5 minimum Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers 15.74% - 24.49% Variable $0 Why we like it Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate. Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months. Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. We least like 5% cash back on combined purchases in bonus categories capped at $1,500 per quarter. Has foreign transaction fees. Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of Chase Freedom® or view more details of Chase Freedom® . See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Chase Freedom® is another quick and easy option for you to earn cash rebates. If you are a new cardholder of Chase Freedom®, this card rewards you with a $150 bonus (i.e. 15,000 bonus points) after you spend just $500 on your purchases within the first three months of account opening. You can easily earn another $25 bonus by adding an authorized user to your card account. While you can earn unlimited 1% cash back on all the purchases you make with your Chase Freedom®, you get to earn a generous 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases every calendar quarter you activate the bonus categories. Just to illustrate this a little clearer, the 5% cash back comprises 4% additional cash back rewards on top of the usual 1% cash back rewards earned on each purchase. Remember to activate your 5% cash back bonus every quarter before the activation deadline to get in on this offer. This card has no annual fee. 4. Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.90/5 User Rating: 3.00/5Rate This Card Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening. Unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase - it's automatic Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, then a variable APR of 15.74-24.49%. Balance transfer fee is 5% of the amount transferred, $5 minimum Redeem for cash - any amount, anytime Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers 15.74% - 24.49% Variable $0 Why we like it Unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase - it's automatic. Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening. Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ or view more details of Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ . See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Similar to the above-mentioned Chase Freedom®, Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ lets you earn a $150 bonus (i.e. 15,000 bonus points) after you spend $500 on eligible purchases within the first three months of account opening. You'll also get to enjoy a $25 bonus after you add your first authorized user to your account and make your first purchase using your Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ within the first three months of account opening. Bear in mind that these welcome bonuses from Chase are only available if you are a new cardmember. Instead of an unlimited 1% cash back that you can earn on your purchases, Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ lets you earn an automatic 1.5% unlimited cash back on every eligible purchase you make with your card. Your points do not expire so long as your account is open and in good standing. This card has no annual fee. 5. BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Our Rating: VIEW DETAILS Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.60/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend at least $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening No annual fee $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend at least $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening Earn 1% cash back on every purchase, 2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs, and 3% on gas up to the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarter No changing categories and no expiration on rewards 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases AND for any balance transfers made in the first 60 days, then, 13.74% - 23.74% Variable APR. 3% fee (min $10) applies to balance transfers Get a 10% customer bonus every time you redeem your cash back into a Bank of America® checking or savings account If you're a Preferred Rewards client, you can increase that bonus to 25% - 75% See Rates and Fees See Rates and Fees VIEW DETAILS 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases AND for any balance transfers made in the first 60 days 13.74% - 23.74% Variable APR No annual fee Why we like it $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend at least $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening. Earn 1% cash back on every purchase, 2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs, and 3% on gas up to the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarter. We least like Foreign transaction fee. Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card or view more details of BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card . See more Bank of America credit cards. VIEW DETAILS BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card lets you earn a $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend $500 or more on purchases within the first 90 days of account opening. This one-time bonus offer is strictly meant for new cardholders only. With BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card, you'll earn 1% cash back on each purchase, 2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs (excluding drugstores and convenience stores), and 3% on gas up to the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each calendar quarter. You can start redeeming your cash rewards when your cash rewards balance is at least $25, for a statement credit, check or an electronic deposit into a Bank of America® checking or savings account, or a contribution to an eligible Merrill Lynch Cash Management Account®. Also, enjoy a 10% customer bonus every time you redeem your cash back into a Bank of America® checking or savings account or the said Merrill Lynch account. This card has no annual fee. Denise Bay updated May 04, 2017 Tweet Denise Bay is a staff writer at GET.com. Email: denise.bay@get.com.Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. How We Rate Credit Cards How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features. Credit Cards From Partners * Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Chase Freedom® Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Express Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Citi Prestige® Card Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card from American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card from American Express BankAmericard® Credit Card Capital One® VentureOne® Rewards Credit Card Chase Slate® Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card Capital One® Secured Mastercard® Top 10 Credit Cards Best Credit Cards 2017 Compare Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Credit Card Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards American Express Cards Bank of America Cards Barclaycard Credit Cards Capital One Cards CitiCards Chase Credit Cards Discover Card US Bank Credit Cards Visa Cards Canadian Credit Cards Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit No Credit At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity on our content & provide transparent & unbiased information. Companies don't pay us to include their products although we receive a compensation when you successfully apply to products from our partners. See how we make money here.At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity. Comments At GET.com it's all about your saving and getting experience. There's nothing more helpful for all of us Getters than a true life experience, a tip or a trick relating to a reviewed product. Read more about comments. More Good Reading Blue Cash Preferred® Card And Blue Cash Everyday® Card from American Express Now Offer 10% Cash Back On Restaurant Spending 5 Crazy Secret Ways To Save On Flights And Hotels Show Small Businesses Some Love And Gear Up For Shopping Savings On Small Business Saturday® How To Redeem Citi ThankYou Points For KrisFlyer Miles On Singapore Airlines Sign up to our newsletter Hi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000 using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers. COMPARE CARDS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards GET.com About Us Press Contact GET CONNECTED *Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the offers that appear on this site are from companies from which GET.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). While we try to offer a comprehensive list of offers, GET.com does not include all companies or all offers. Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. GET.com is a US registered trademark. All other trademarks found on GET.com belong to their respective owners. The presence of a third-party trademark on GET.com does not in any way imply an affiliation with that trademark's owner. Copyright 2017 GET.com - Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - How GET.com Is Financed WANT TO GET discounts & deals from all banks in one app? Yes Get dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discounts No I prefer to pay full price× How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Position Maintained by Whittier Trust Co. Maxwell Technologies Inc. (MXWL) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Has $73.835 Million Position in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (PMBC) Raised to “Outperform” at Hovde Group Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers Paragon Commercial Corp (PBNC) to Market Perform Sirius XM Holdings’ (SIRI) Underweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Price Target Raised to $75.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) to Neutral Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Position Reduced by First Midwest Bank Trust Division Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Stake Raised by First Midwest Bank Trust Division Actuant Co. (ATU) Stake Raised by First Midwest Bank Trust Division Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Shares Sold by First Midwest Bank Trust Division First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $206,000 Stake in Masco Corp (MAS) Meyer Handelman Co. Purchases New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Maintains Stake in Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS FBR & Co (FBRC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.19 EPS FIG Partners Research Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Langen Mcalenn Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) to Neutral May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note released on Monday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has $23.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Solar Capital from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, February 4th. Compass Point initiated coverage on shares of Solar Capital in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They issued a buy rating and a $22.40 price target for the company. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered shares of Solar Capital from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, National Securities increased their price target on shares of Solar Capital from $22.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Solar Capital has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $22.34. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded down 2.11% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $21.29. 140,878 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Solar Capital has a 12-month low of $17.80 and a 12-month high of $22.94. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $22.42 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.42. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The financial services provider reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.03. The business earned $34.39 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $36.24 million. Solar Capital had a return on equity of 7.83% and a net margin of 50.98%. Analysts expect that Solar Capital will post $1.74 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) to Neutral” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-solar-capital-ltd-slrc-to-neutral.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd were given a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.36%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 21st. Solar Capital’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 89.89%. In other news, insider Michael S. Gross acquired 19,666 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were bought at an average cost of $22.28 per share, with a total value of $438,158.48. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 165,894 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,696,118.32. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 5.80% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in SLRC. PVG Asset Management Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Solar Capital during the third quarter valued at approximately $4,972,000. Green Square Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 1.1% in the third quarter. Green Square Capital LLC now owns 10,409 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $218,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the period. Ares Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 45.0% in the third quarter. Ares Management LLC now owns 287,527 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,900,000 after buying an additional 89,260 shares during the period. HBK Investments L P increased its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 14.1% in the third quarter. HBK Investments L P now owns 16,819 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $345,000 after buying an additional 2,073 shares during the period. Finally, Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 1.8% in the third quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 80,765 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,657,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the period. 59.26% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Solar Capital Company Profile Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Activism America’s Biggest Corporations Are Helping Trump’s Agenda Corporate Backers of Hate campaign calls on companies to end practices that benefit from Trump's agenda. By Ana Maria Archila, Javier H. Valdés / AlterNet May 4, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Eric Crama / Shutterstock Donald Trump has made it clear that he intends to govern exactly as promised in his campaign, unrolling a series of harmful policies designed to hurt immigrants, workers, and their families. Yet the government cannot implement this hateful agenda on its own. On immigration, for instance, it will need the help of private prison and immigrant detention companies who can house the vast numbers of immigrants already being rounded up for deportation, Wall Street firms who can provide the funding for them, software companies that make billions in government contracts from the agencies deporting immigrants and militarizing the border, and manufacturers who can build a border wall. These companies - household names like JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Boeing - stand to gain enormously from Trump’s plans.  Executives of many of these companies sit on Trump’s Business Council or advise the President. And while they all seek to cultivate a reputation as civic leaders, few have publicly denounced Trump’s anti-immigrant agenda or his plans to roll back worker protections, while they have all proved willing to position themselves to gain from Trump’s policies. Unlike Trump’s headline-grabbing Executive Orders, these companies’ ties with the White House have gone under the radar. That needs to change. It is time to name these corporations and reveal once and for all their complicity in Trump’s agenda. That is why we are launching a campaign to let the American people target these companies and encourage elected officials to divest taxpayer funds from them. The Center for Popular Democracy and Make The Road New York have launched a campaign to draw attention to nine companies - Goldman Sachs, Blackstone, JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Blackrock, Boeing, IBM, Uber, and Disney. This “Corporate Backers of Hate” campaign calls on companies to disassociate themselves from the Trump administration and end corporate practices that benefit from his agenda. We are not the first to cast suspicion on these companies’ misdeeds. Portland, Oregon, recently decided to divest from all corporations altogether, barring all investments in corporate debt and shifting city money to other types of investments like U.S. Treasury bonds. Elected officials in states like New York are exploring similar approaches. Our campaign will encourage other states and cities to follow this lead and stop investing in, or doing business with, in companies that put immigrant communities and workers at risk. They include JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo, which both finance the debt of the two largest private prison companies in the country, CoreCivic and GeoGroup. Wells Fargo owns more than $30 million worth of shares in these companies. That is more than double the value of their investments on Election Day, given that share prices of these companies have soared since Trump’s victory. The list continues. Goldman Sachs is the 9th largest shareholder in CoreCivic and the 33rd largest in GeoGroup. Blackrock has shares in both companies worth more than $700 million. The Boeing Company, meanwhile, may become a critical player in constructing any kind of border wall. Since 2008, the company has received more than $1 billion in contracts from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support the agency’s work policing the US-Mexico border. In 2005, they received a $67 million multi-year contract to help build a 2,000 mile “virtual border fence” along the border – a project eventually scrapped after significant delays and overspending. Boeing’s CEO has refused to rule out working with the administration on their latest misguided attempt to build a wall. Finally, Trump’s immigration policies will benefit companies who have a stake in data management, particularly IBM, which has received $1.7 billion from Immigration and Customs Enforcement and CBP since 2008. The head of IBM serves on the Business Council and advises Trump’s new Office of American Innovation. When more than 100 technology companies signed a legal brief opposing Trump’s Muslim ban, IBM did not join. And though thousands of IBM employees have publicly opposed the company’s ties with the Trump administration, their CEO has refused to step off the Business Council. These are just a few of the companies that could benefit from the pain of immigrant communities and the separation of families. In the pursuit of financial gain, actual lives could be on the line. The unleashing of ICE has already hurt scores of immigrants -- since Trump’s inauguration alone, more than 21,000 immigrants have been detained and possibly separated from their families – and the corporations standing by Trump are directly implicated in their suffering. Given the stakes, it is clear that “business as usual” is no longer an option. These corporations have exercised their sway over our democracy for far too long. It is time to take a stand and make clear that our communities will not be exploited for corporate profits. We will not stay silent any longer.   Ana Maria Archila is Co-Executive Director of the Center for Popular Democracy (@popdemoc). Javier H. Valdés is Co-Executive Director of Make The Road New York (@MakeTheRoadNY).           Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg 'He Just Seemed to Go Crazy': Senior GOP Aides Stunned by Trump's Demented Behavior in Last 24 Hours David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 07:30 WATCH: Delta Flight Attendant Threatens Parents with Jail for Refusing to Give Up 2-Year-Old Son's Seat Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 07:35 Are You Smarter Than the President? Take This Quiz and Find Out! Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 14:11 Argentina Backs Out of Honoring Jimmy Carter with Highest Award at Trump Administration's Urging Jen Hayden / DailyKos Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 07:49 The Department of Justice Is Really Prosecuting a Woman for Laughing at Jeff Sessions Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 10:19 'Read the F*cking Emancipation Proclamation': Stephen Colbert Schools Trump on the Civil War Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 04:33 The New GOP Plan to Repeal Obamacare Would Actually Create Real 'Death Panels' Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 05/03/2017 - 09:25 Robert Reich: Trump's Heading Us Toward Another Financial Crisis Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 08:32 Here’s What Happened When the Trump White House Gave an 'Alt-Right' Troll Access to the Press Room Matt Gertz / Media Matters Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 08:46 'I'm Not Sure He's OK': MSNBC's Joe and Mika Are Worried by Trump's 'Bizarre' Behavior Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/02/2017 - 06:05 Today's Top Stories Economy House Republicans Narrowly Pass Zombie Trumpcare, Senate Likely to Kill It News & Politics Trump's Republican Party Is Now a Neo-Confederate Party, Far More Jefferson Davis Than Abe Lincoln Top 5 Bad Hombres Loved by Trump Economy Greg Palast: Trump's Tax Cuts Are More Evidence America's Greedy Billionaires Have Staged a Political Coup News & Politics Stephen Colbert Lets James Comey Have It: 'You Screwed the Country' Human Rights WATCH: Delta Flight Attendant Threatens Parents with Jail for Refusing to Give Up 2-Year-Old Son's Seat Activism May the 4th Be With the Resistance: President Trump Comes Home to Raucous Protest on Star Wars Day News & Politics Watch Republicans Run When Asked If They've Even Read Their New Health Care Bill Economy The GOP's Latest Health Care Replacement Bill Is Even More Heartless Than First Thought News & Politics 'You Should Be Ashamed!' Massachusetts Congressman Tears Republicans to Pieces on House Floor Before Trumpcare Vote Media The Public Does Not Really Have a Clue About Fake News News & Politics The Destructive Ignorance of Donald Trump's Supporters Appears to Know No Limits News & Politics Peter Buffett Stirred the Pot Over the Role of Philanthropy Environment Stephen Hawking: We Have 100 Years to Leave Earth Belief How Trump Is a Kind of Miracle for the Religious Right, Previously in Decline Activism New Yorkers Plan to Let Trump Know He's Not Welcome in His Home City News & Politics You're Not Safe from Republicans' Obamacare Replacement if You Get Your Insurance Through Work Activism Hightower: What Populism Really Is—And It Is Not Mobs, Rants or Opinion Polls News & Politics The South's Political Clout Is Rising Under Trump News & Politics In Heated Georgia House Race, GOP Candidate's Husband Sends Message Urging Voters to 'Free the Black Slaves From the Democratic Plantation' World India Is About to Be Grilled on Its Human Rights Record by 112 Countries at U.N. Review Drugs Chris Christie's Deranged Reefer Madness Rant Economy Another GOP Tax Plan for Millionaires Culture Does ESPN Have Anywhere to Go but Down? News & Politics Trump's New Gold-Plated DC Hotel Is a Lobbyist Paradise, with $100 Cocktails—Rooms Are Still Available Economy Life in a ‘Degrowth’ Economy, and Why You Might Actually Enjoy It Environment No, Not the Wine! Climate Change Takes Its Toll on Grapes FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals What a Trumpcare Nightmare: Just About Everyone With Health Care Is Going to Pay More, Get Less and Face Chaos Surprising Stuff Happens to Men Who Earn Less Than Their Wives May the 4th Be With the Resistance: President Trump Comes Home to Raucous Protest on Star Wars Day ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Center for Global Policy Solutions: Baltimore High School Students Win $10,000 at Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition Zack Tasker and Femi Adebogun holding the $10,000 check prize „What we are doing with Testify is building applications that we wished existed when we were starting out in middle school and high school.” — Femi Adebogun, Testify Software Solutions CEO Washington, DC (PRWEB) May 04, 2017 The Center for Global Policy Solutions’ 2017 Future of Wealth Summit awarded Baltimore County, MD, teenagers top honors at the event’s Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition. Student-run Testify Software Solutions won the JPMorgan Chase & Co.-sponsored competition for its Mindmap app, a sophisticated game application that allows teachers to gain new insights into their K-12 students’ learning styles. The EdTech startup was founded by a group of high school seniors, including Femi Adebogun and Zack Tasker, who accepted the $10,000 prize. Testify will use the money to offer Mindmap free of charge to 5,000 students in Baltimore City Schools. More than 40,000 students in several East Coast school districts already use Mindmap. „What we are doing with Testify is building applications that we wished existed when we were starting out in middle school and high school,” Adebogun said. „These were applications that really would have benefited us as students. Now, we want to help the millions of kids coming behind us.” The competition capped-off the three-day Summit, which convened a wide range of leaders to discuss “Technology, Inclusion, and Social Change.” CGPS sought tech-based solutions to help traditionally marginalized communities. It received more than 100 proposals from around the world. Four finalists presented their plans to a panel of judges at the Summit. “The Testify team embodies the reason we started this competition,” says CGPS President and CEO Maya Rockeymoore. “Not only did we want to generate discussion about the need for more diversity in the tech sector, but also to help the next generation to reach their full potential and prosper.” “It was a pleasure to experience firsthand the innovative thinking coming from all the presenting finalists at the Inclusion Revolution Competition,” said Tom Regnante, Commercial Bank Maryland Market Executive, JPMorgan Chase. “It’s a tremendous sign for our future business and civic leaders that these two Baltimore teenagers had the ambition to develop Mindmap and improve their every day school environment. Thanks to the Future of Wealth Summit, they now have the resources to make the application available to more students.” In addition to Testify, the judges—Melissa Bradley of Sidecar Social Finance, May Samali of the Urban Innovation Fund, Tom Regnante of JPMorgan Chase, Angel Rich, CEO of the Wealth Factory, Inc. and the 2016 Financial Inclusion Competition winner, and Jessica Norwood of The Runway Project—also heard presentations from Pasadena-based CodeSpark Academy, Olé Education Fund of New Mexico, and Washington, D.C.-based Nafasi, Inc. “At the end of day, the future of wealth is about Zack and me. It’s about my little brother,” Adebogun said. “I am glad that at least somebody is thinking about us because a lot of times, we are forgotten.” Founded on the principle that a more inclusive nation is a stronger, more prosperous one, the Center for Global Policy Solutions (CGPS) is a 501(c)(3) that equips businesses and organizations with the tools to effect change, driving society toward inclusion. Drawing on our unique blend of policy and advocacy expertise, CGPS develops strategies, research, programs, policies, and communications that address disparities in health, education, and economic security by race/ethnicity, place, gender, and age. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Catalent to Launch Innovative Fish Oil Supplement Product at Vitafoods Europe Next PostNext Augmented Reality Software Market – Software Function, Vertical & Geography – Expected to Reach $35.22 Billion by 2022 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Asia-Pacific Axial Fan Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Caulking Gun Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Asia-Pacific Air Starters Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Asia-Pacific Aero-engine Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 April 2017 Issue of Crystallography Times Featuring the Latest Crystallographic News Is Now Online RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → Performance Details for: JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Performance Details for: JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) John Dagger May 4, 2017 0 Comment (NYSE:JPM), Financial, JPM, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Money Center Banks, NYSE JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) | Thursday May 4, 2017 With a market cap of 312.94 B, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has a large market cap size. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) has been on the stock market since its IPO date on the 12/30/1983. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is in the Money Center Banks industry and Financial sector. Average volume for JPMorgan Chase & Co., is 15722.97, and so far today it has a volume of 11512600. Performance year to date since the 12/30/1983 is 1.96%. To help you determine whether JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) is undervalued the following values will help you decide. P/E is 13.35 and forward P/E is 11.38. PEG perhaps more useful shows that JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a value for PEG of 1.98. P/S ratio is 5.45 and the P/B ratio is 1.36. The P/Cash and P/Free cash flow is 0.27 and *TBA respectively. At the current price JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) is trading at, 87 (0.58% today), JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a dividend yield of 2.30%, and this is covered by a payout ratio of 28.70%. Earnings per share (EPS) is 6.52, and this is looking to grow in the next year to 14.13% after growing 4.00% this past year. EPS growth quarter over quarter is 21.90%, and 11.00% for sales growth quarter over quarter. The number of shares outstanding is 3597.01, and the number of shares float is 3567.59. The senior management bring insider ownership to 0.10%, and institutional ownership is at 77.20%. The float short is 0.81%, with the short ratio at a value of 1.84. Management has seen a return on assets of 0.90%, and also a return on investment of 5.90%. The ability for JPMorgan Chase & Co., to deal with debt, means it current ratio is *TBA, and quick ratio is *TBA. Long term debt/equity is 1.26 and total debt/equity is 1.26. In terms of margins, JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a gross margin of *TBA, with its operating margin at 73.00%, and JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a profit margin of 41.40%. The 52 week high is -6.90%, with 56.55% being its 52 week low. The 20 day simple moving average is 0.84% and the 200 day simple moving average is 12.35%. Disclaimer: Remember there is a risk to your investment, this is not a recommendation, nor personal advice, never invest more than you are able too loose.   Share This Post You might also like: Morning Buzz: The Williams Companies, Inc. (NYSE:WMB) Morning Worth Watching Stocks: Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE:HTA) Morning Trending Stocks: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Morning Stock Highlights: Groupon, Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN) Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website © Copyright 2016
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Center for Global Policy Solutions: Baltimore High School Students Win $10,000 at Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition Center for Global Policy Solutions: Baltimore High School Students Win $10,000 at Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition Posted on May 4, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Student-run Testify Software Solutions won the JPMorgan Chase & Co.-sponsored competition for its Mindmap app Washington, DC (PRWEB) May 04, 2017 The Center for Global Policy Solutions’ 2017 Future of Wealth Summit awarded Baltimore County, MD, teenagers top honors at the event’s Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition. Student-run Testify Software Solutions won the JPMorgan Chase & Co.-sponsored competition for its Mindmap app, a sophisticated game application that allows teachers to gain new insights into their K-12 students' learning styles. The EdTech startup was founded by a group of high school seniors, including Femi Adebogun and Zack Tasker, who accepted the $10,000 prize. Testify will use the money to offer Mindmap free of charge to 5,000 students in Baltimore City Schools. More than 40,000 students in several East Coast school districts already use Mindmap. "What we are doing with Testify is building applications that we wished existed when we were starting out in middle school and high school," Adebogun said. "These were applications that really would have benefited us as students. Now, we want to help the millions of kids coming behind us." The competition capped-off the three-day Summit, which convened a wide range of leaders to discuss “Technology, Inclusion, and Social Change.” CGPS sought tech-based solutions to help traditionally marginalized communities. It received more than 100 proposals from around the world. Four finalists presented their plans to a panel of judges at the Summit. “The Testify team embodies the reason we started this competition,” says CGPS President and CEO Maya Rockeymoore. “Not only did we want to generate discussion about the need for more diversity in the tech sector, but also to help the next generation to reach their full potential and prosper.” “It was a pleasure to experience firsthand the innovative thinking coming from all the presenting finalists at the Inclusion Revolution Competition,” said Tom Regnante, Commercial Bank Maryland Market Executive, JPMorgan Chase. “It’s a tremendous sign for our future business and civic leaders that these two Baltimore teenagers had the ambition to develop Mindmap and improve their every day school environment. Thanks to the Future of Wealth Summit, they now have the resources to make the application available to more students.” In addition to Testify, the judges—Melissa Bradley of Sidecar Social Finance, May Samali of the Urban Innovation Fund, Tom Regnante of JPMorgan Chase, Angel Rich, CEO of the Wealth Factory, Inc. and the 2016 Financial Inclusion Competition winner, and Jessica Norwood of The Runway Project—also heard presentations from Pasadena-based CodeSpark Academy, Olé Education Fund of New Mexico, and Washington, D.C.-based Nafasi, Inc. “At the end of day, the future of wealth is about Zack and me. It’s about my little brother,” Adebogun said. “I am glad that at least somebody is thinking about us because a lot of times, we are forgotten.” Founded on the principle that a more inclusive nation is a stronger, more prosperous one, the Center for Global Policy Solutions (CGPS) is a 501(c)(3) that equips businesses and organizations with the tools to effect change, driving society toward inclusion. Drawing on our unique blend of policy and advocacy expertise, CGPS develops strategies, research, programs, policies, and communications that address disparities in health, education, and economic security by race/ethnicity, place, gender, and age. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14306506.htm Latest News NOMATIC’s New Backpacks Blast Past Kickstarter Campaign Goal in Just 45 Minutes, Now Surpassing $500,000 Raised in Less than 48 Hours NYPPEX Announces 2Q2017 Roundtable Webinar Highlights: Expect Higher Secondary Private Equity Transaction Volumes Ahead NEWSCYCLE and Piano Form Official Partnership Severalnines and ProxySQL Enable Hundreds of Thousands of Database Connections Without Breaking a Sweat Catalent to Launch Innovative Fish Oil Supplement Product at Vitafoods Europe UFG Named to Forbes’ ® 2017 List of “America’s 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies” Center for Global Policy Solutions: Baltimore High School Students Win $10,000 at Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition Fluence Analytics Raises Series A Financing Global Consumer Media Usage Grew 2.6% to 49.1 Hours Weekly in 2016, Driven By High-Octane Mobile Media Channels, As Digital Media Nearly Doubles Share of Usage in 5 Years Service-Flow Corp. Chooses Knowledge 17 as First US Industry Event to Showcase Its Technology and Services © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DISH Network Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Profund Advisors LLC Has $1.152 Million Stake in Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) Profund Advisors LLC Raises Position in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Norbord Inc. (OSB) Position Increased by Acadian Asset Management LLC ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 230 Shares of WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Acadian Asset Management LLC Has $7.605 Million Stake in Sanmina Corp (SANM) Profund Advisors LLC Sells 2,042 Shares of American Water Works Company Inc (AWK) ProShare Advisors LLC Has $3.792 Million Stake in AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corp Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms  Hold Rating for Galliford Try plc (GFRD) N+1 Singer Reaffirms ” Hold” Rating for James Fisher & Sons plc (FSJ) Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Lifted to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. James F. Laird, Jr. Sells 2,000 Shares of Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. (DHIL) Stock John Mcmanus Sells 14,942 Shares of MGM Resorts International (MGM) Stock Insider Selling: BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) CEO Sells $478,600.00 in Stock Towerview Llc Sells 9,534 Shares of Saga Communications, Inc. (SGA) Stock First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (FR) Insider Sells $507,240.00 in Stock Zacks: Brokerages Expect Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Will Post Earnings of $1.02 Per Share Deutsche Bank AG Downgrades Cna Financial Corp (CNA) to Hold Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at Cowen and Company DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Stock Rating Upgraded by KeyCorp Profund Advisors LLC Raises Position in DISH Network Corp (DISH) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Profund Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) by 10.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 18,147 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,775 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC’s holdings in DISH Network Corp were worth $1,152,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 7.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 24,440,962 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,338,875,000 after buying an additional 1,712,291 shares during the last quarter. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter worth $942,242,000. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 9,652,643 shares of the company’s stock worth $559,179,000 after buying an additional 138,830 shares during the last quarter. Tourbillon Capital Partners L.P. increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. Tourbillon Capital Partners L.P. now owns 5,803,356 shares of the company’s stock worth $336,188,000 after buying an additional 410,056 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FMR LLC increased its position in shares of DISH Network Corp by 13.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,729,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $331,921,000 after buying an additional 698,352 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 47.98% of the company’s stock. DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) traded up 0.45% during trading on Thursday, reaching $60.65. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 493,150 shares. DISH Network Corp has a 1-year low of $43.86 and a 1-year high of $65.61. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $62.34 and its 200-day moving average price is $60.13. The stock has a market cap of $28.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.88 and a beta of 1.09. DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.09. The firm had revenue of $3.68 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.76 billion. DISH Network Corp had a return on equity of 40.84% and a net margin of 6.48%. The company’s revenue was down 3.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.84 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that DISH Network Corp will post $2.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Profund Advisors LLC Raises Position in DISH Network Corp (DISH)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/profund-advisors-llc-raises-position-in-dish-network-corp-dish.html. DISH has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Morgan Stanley raised DISH Network Corp from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $75.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research downgraded DISH Network Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and issued a $62.00 price target (up from $59.00) on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “focus list” rating on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. DISH Network Corp currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $68.86. In other DISH Network Corp news, EVP Warren Schlichting sold 8,878 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.90, for a total value of $549,548.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Treasurer Kyle J. Kiser sold 32,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.90, for a total value of $2,011,750.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 49.40% of the company’s stock. About DISH Network Corp DISH Network Corporation is a holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Pay-TV and Broadband, and Wireless. It offers pay-TV services under the DISH brand and the Sling brand (collectively Pay-TV services). The DISH branded pay-TV service consists of Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licenses authorizing it to use direct broadcast satellite and Fixed Satellite Service spectrum, its owned and leased satellites, receiver systems, third-party broadcast operations, customer service facilities, a leased fiber optic network, in-home service and call center operations, and certain other assets utilized in its operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DISH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH). Receive News & Ratings for DISH Network Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Murphy Pohlad Asset Management LLC Decreases Position in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Raises Stake in Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $1.381 Million Stake in Carnival Corp (CCL) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Decreased by Analyst Facebook Inc (FB) Given a $175.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €65.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Unitil Co. (UTL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Buy” Rating for The GEO Group Inc (GEO) American Express Company (AXP) Stake Lowered by Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Sells 9,000 Shares of Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €85.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts A. D. Beadell Investment Counsel Inc. Reduces Stake in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Medtronic plc. (MDT) is Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV’s 3rd Largest Position Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Purchases 769 Shares of Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) William Blair Weighs in on Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AMG) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Healthcare Trust Of America Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HTA) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Insider Sells $1,681,767.36 in Stock Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (WDR) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Raises Stake in Newell Brands Inc (NWL) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. boosted its position in Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) by 25.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 29,400 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 5,876 shares during the period. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A.’s holdings in Newell Brands were worth $1,387,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of NWL. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 5.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 22,868,748 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,021,092,000 after buying an additional 1,116,005 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 32.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,288,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $700,222,000 after buying an additional 3,225,216 shares during the last quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 7,414,985 shares of the company’s stock worth $331,079,000 after buying an additional 1,020,000 shares during the last quarter. Iridian Asset Management LLC CT boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 44.4% in the fourth quarter. Iridian Asset Management LLC CT now owns 5,174,073 shares of the company’s stock worth $231,022,000 after buying an additional 1,590,044 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 6.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,823,693 shares of the company’s stock worth $254,017,000 after buying an additional 284,522 shares during the last quarter. 93.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) opened at 45.48 on Thursday. Newell Brands Inc has a 52-week low of $43.43 and a 52-week high of $55.45. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $47.25 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.46. The stock has a market capitalization of $21.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.44 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands also was the recipient of unusually large options trading on Monday. Traders bought 15,519 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of 1,044% compared to the average daily volume of 1,357 call options. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.80. The firm earned $4.14 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.27 billion. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 3.98%. Newell Brands’s revenue was up 165.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.56 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Newell Brands Inc will post $3.05 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Raises Stake in Newell Brands Inc (NWL)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/candriam-luxembourg-s-c-a-raises-stake-in-newell-brands-inc-nwl.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on NWL shares. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $67.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $61.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. KeyCorp decreased their price target on Newell Brands from $60.00 to $57.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $53.00 price target (down previously from $60.00) on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $57.47. In other Newell Brands news, President Mark Tarchetti purchased 13,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $45.22 per share, for a total transaction of $587,860.00. Following the purchase, the president now owns 201,995 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,134,213.90. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Martin E. Franklin sold 340,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.34, for a total value of $16,435,600.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 4,840,926 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $234,010,362.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 350,706 shares of company stock valued at $16,944,135 over the last 90 days. 0.66% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Newell Brands Company Profile Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NWL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL). Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Obamacare repeal bill squeaks by in House Trump savors health care win: ‘Hey, I’m president’ Doubted and mocked, Ryan delivers big for Trump Europe to Trump: Don't abandon Paris climate deal Senate GOP rejects House Obamacare bill Lewandowski quits lobbying firm Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print GOP poised to pass health care bill … WHAT INSIDERS HAVE LEARNED from the process -- TUESDAY GROUP might oust leader over deal -- Lewandowski inks CITGO contract -- B’DAY: Polson Kanneth By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/04/17 06:56 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2p8RAGY ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Good Thursday morning. BULLETIN at 5:05 a.m.: “LONDON (AP) - Buckingham Palace says Prince Philip will no longer carry out engagements starting this fall.” Story Continued Below THINGS ARE FINALLY LOOKING GOOD FOR THE GOP HEALTH CARE BILL. They’ve announced a vote, and most of the time, that’s a good sign for the majority. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy told reporters yesterday that they “have enough votes” to pass the American Health Care Act, along with an $8-billion boost for high-risk pools, secured by Reps. Fred Upton (R-Mich.) and Billy Long (R-Mo.). It will be close, though, and the politics of such razor-thin margins are tricky. EVERYONE WANTS CREDIT FOR THE CHANGE IN FORTUNES. The White House says it was President Donald Trump who flipped votes in person and on the phone. Maybe, but the real work was done by people like Rep. Patrick McHenry (R-N.C.), McCarthy, Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.). Frankly, House Freedom Caucus Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) kept the talks alive in the first place. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh THIS IS A BIG VICTORY FOR SPEAKER RYAN who really needed to get this through for internal political purposes, and to show his muscle with the White House. REMEMBER … The plan was to move this bill by the end of January. It’s now May. Deadlines are really bad for Republicans. AND… They are voting on this without an official budget and coverage assessment from the Congressional Budget Office. This is not the process Republicans have promised to their voters. REP. ELIJAH CUMMINGS (D-MD.) walked through a bunch of reporters standing outside Ryan’s office yesterday evening and jokingly thanked the GOP for giving them the House back. A stretch, perhaps, but maybe not. HUFFPO’S MATT FULLER’S WHIP LIST -- 18 nos, 3 lean nos, 17 lean yes, 14 undecided. http://huff.to/2qCoOk3 More than 22 nos sinks this thing. WE HEAR… Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) has returned from his foot surgery in Utah. We doubted we’d see him again! WHAT WE’VE LEARNED -- We’ve spoken to many of the inside players who got the deal done. Here’s what they say they’ve learned, and here’s what they say they need to do going forward if they have a prayer of passing bills like tax reform and an infrastructure package. -- WHAT LEADERSHIP THINKS: Congress-White House unity is crucial -- from the beginning of any legislative process. If they want tax reform to get through, they need to be on the same page when it comes to principles. They already messed that up when it comes to tax reform, but there's time to get together. But they should do it soon. -- WHAT CONSERVATIVES THINK: Don’t draft legislation for the middle of the conference. You’ll lose conservatives and moderates can’t be counted on. If you start with a conservative proposal, you’ll have a natural constituency. From there, make concessions to bring everyone else on board. No one wanted to own this bill. You need to start with conservatives because the president cares about how his base response to policy on Capitol Hill. -- WHAT WHITE HOUSE INSIDERS THINK THE PRESIDENT SHOULD LEARN: The president needs to do less talking -- period. His strength is not policy, it’s personality. He wins people over by sheer force of himself, but often complicates legislation because he doesn’t understand the substance. As we pointed out in Playbook a few weeks ago, Trump needs to meet with lawmakers individually. He could then nail them down on specifics. Groups are too unruly for him. KYLE CHENEY, JOHN BRESNAHAN and JOSH DAWSEY: “The [vote] still promises to be heart-pounding. About 18 Republican lawmakers are publicly opposed to the GOP plan, leaving leaders room for only a handful of additional defections. And at least two dozen members are still publicly undecided. House vote-counters crisscrossed the chamber late Wednesday, pigeonholing reluctant colleagues in a last-ditch bid to put the measure over the top.” http://politi.co/2pAGHBx TRUTH BOMB -- “Extra cash in health bill gets votes -- but not coverage,” by Adam Cancryn: “Eight billion dollars might be enough to persuade a few reluctant Republicans to vote for the latest Obamacare repeal bill. But it won’t come close to covering the costs for millions of Americans with serious and expensive pre-existing medical conditions. The extra money for ‘high-risk pools’ in states that choose to opt out of Obamacare is the key change that might get the House bill over the finish line in a high-stakes vote now set for Thursday. But industry experts say it may cost billions more to cover sick patients who might otherwise see their premiums skyrocket to levels they cannot afford.” http://politi.co/2oZGlWg PROBLEMS FOR THE BILL’S NAMESAKE -- “Tuesday Group leader under fire over health care deal: GOP Rep. Tom MacArthur says some Republican colleagues have accused him of putting the House majority at risk,” by Rachael Bade and Kyle Cheney: “Moderates in recent days have cornered MacArthur, a leader of the centrist Tuesday Group, on the House floor or in hallways to air their gripes. ‘You are going to make us lose the majority,’ one said, according to MacArthur. “MacArthur’s Tuesday Group colleagues have even suggested they might oust him as leader, as The Hill first reported. MacArthur has become so toxic within the group that he’s intentionally stayed out of final negotiations this week, as leaders try to cajole dozens of centrists to accept the deal he brokered with conservatives. “‘My amendment has caused far more of a stir than I anticipated,’ MacArthur said in an interview Wednesday. ‘And I made the judgment that I think for me, particularly with the moderates, it’s better if I stay out of the way at the moment.’ Asked Wednesday afternoon if he was worried about his leadership position in Tuesday Group, MacArthur responded, ‘We’ll see.’ ‘I do accept you cannot lead people who don’t want to go where you want to go, so I’ll see what they want, and I’ll see what I want,’ he said.” http://politi.co/2pIiTtF 1 ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: "The same attributes that drive business success — innovation, ingenuity and the ability to efficiently marshal human and financial capital — also offer tremendous promise to help solve pressing societal challenges," Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon notes in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2qfojfJ ****** TOP TALKER -- “Annotating Steve Bannon’s whiteboard: Steve Bannon has listed all of Trump’s campaign promises on his office whiteboard. How are they coming along?” by Matt Nussbaum, Nancy Cook, Aidan Quigley and Lily Mihalik: “POLITICO took a look at how some of the promises have fared — and how Bannon’s check marks, signaling accomplishment, measure up with reality.” http://politi.co/2pJPxgz ANNIE READS SO YOU DON’T HAVE TO -- “The most revealingly unrevealing quotes from Ivanka Trump’s new book: We mined the advice book’s 222 pages for clues into what drives the notoriously private first daughter,” by Annie Karni: “Some of the bromides she doles out are so nice, she wrote them twice. ‘I believe that we each get one life and it’s up to us to live it to the fullest,’ she writes on page 8 of the book. On page 145, she repeats the line verbatim: ‘I believe that we each get one life — and it’s up to us to live it to the fullest.’ In another chapter, Ivanka Trump lists calligraphy, chess and dancing, as a few good options for stress-relieving, balance-achieving hobbies for working women.” http://politi.co/2pJKhd4 ... $14.56 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2pC6omu CASHING IN -- “Lewandowski’s firm quietly inked Citgo deal,” by Ken Vogel: “A firm co-founded by Donald Trump’s initial campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, quietly agreed to lobby for the oil company Citgo as the company, which is owned by the leftist government of Venezuela, was becoming increasingly embroiled in tensions involving the United States, Venezuela and Russia. Officials with Lewandowski’s firm, Avenue Strategies, confirmed that last month it formalized a $25,000-a-month lobbying contract with Citgo. ... Sources familiar with the contract say that Avenue Strategies was brought on by Citgo to help provide access to the Trump administration amid calls for the U.S. to seize the company’s assets as a way to expand the impact of sanctions against Venezuela.” http://politi.co/2p0bKrw THE OBAMA BEAT -- “Obamas unveil design of presidential center in Chicago,” by the Chicago Tribune’s Angela Caputo, Katherine Skiba and Blair Kamin: “Barack and Michelle Obama on Wednesday offered the first look at the design of the planned Obama Presidential Center in Jackson Park -- a campus of three buildings highlighted by an eye-catching museum, whose height and splaying walls would make a bold architectural statement. “Calling it a ‘transformational project for this community,’ the former president said he and Michelle Obama envisioned a vibrant setting that would be akin to Millennium Park -- a destination for those drawn to the presidential center and the park itself. But to achieve this, the plans call for closing Cornell Drive, a major access route used by thousands of commuters a day. “‘It’s not just a building. It’s not just a park. Hopefully it’s a hub where all of us can see a brighter future for the South Side,’ he told an audience of about 300 political and community leaders at the South Shore Cultural Center. It will also become, the Obama Foundation said, the first completely digital presidential library, with no paper records stored on site.” http://trib.in/2p8Mo5Z -- “Obama’s carefully political post-presidency,” by Isaac Dovere: “Democrats hoping that Barack Obama will use his first big post-presidential address in Boston on Sunday to slam President Donald Trump or lay out a vision for the party will be disappointed. “Obama won’t speak directly about the Democratic Party, the midterm elections or the 2020 campaign. That will come in the fall, when he resumes doing Democratic fundraising. Returning to the city where his famous Democratic convention speech launched him into the presidency, Obama -- who will accept the Profiles in Courage Award at the John F. Kennedy Library -- will focus on civic engagement, especially among young people, which is a focus of his fledgling foundation. But if people hear a political message, he's just fine with that, too. He'll be talking about more engagement in a non-partisan way, but the more people who get involved, he believes, the better that will happen to be for Democrats.” http://politi.co/2pbNb74 THE JUICE … -- ANDREESSEN HOROWITZ has its annual D.C. Tech Policy Summit today. Speakers include Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.), Marc Andreessen, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Rep. Patrick McHenry (R-N.C.). http://bit.ly/2p0b0TD TRUMP’S THURSDAY -- Trump is meeting with Catholic cardinals and leaders, and will sign an executive order aimed at easing restrictions on religious groups. He’ll participate in a National Prayer Day event before heading to New York, where he’ll meet with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Rupert Murdoch will introduce Trump at an event honoring Turnbull. WATCH OUR INTERVIEW this morning with Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.). Doors open at 9 a.m. and the event will start around 9:20 a.m. The event is sponsored by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation. Livestream http://politi.co/2p0oizg Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: Former President Barack Obama points at a sketch of the proposed Obama Presidential Center during a gathering at the South Shore Cultural Center in Chicago, Illinois, on May 3. | Scott Olson/Getty Images BREAKING ON PAGE SIX ... "Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski are engaged," by Emily Smith. http://pge.sx/2pKs6E9 OMINOUS TIME MAGAZINE COVER -- “WARNING: WE ARE NOT READY FOR THE NEXT PANDEMIC” http://bit.ly/2pIO9Jc COURT WATCH -- “Rumors surround Justice Kennedy exit, but he’s not talking,” by AP’s Mark Sherman: “As one justice settles into his new job at the Supreme Court, is another about to leave? Eighty-year-old Justice Anthony Kennedy is so far refusing to comment on speculation that he may soon retire after 29 years on the court. But that hasn’t stopped President Donald Trump and, obliquely, the Republican senator in charge of high court confirmation hearings from weighing in on the prospect that Kennedy could step down as soon as this spring or summer. If not this year, several former law clerks said they would not be surprised to see the justice retire in 2018.” http://apne.ws/2pIFTsD COMING ATTRACTIONS -- “Senate Republicans brace for leadership scramble,” by Burgess Everett, Seung Min Kim, and John Bresnahan: “Senate Republican leadership is set for a major shake-up after the next election. Though Mitch McConnell plans to stay put for years to come, his leadership team is about to undergo its biggest overhaul in years: All four other GOP leaders are term-limited in their current posts, including Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas, Conference Chairman John Thune of South Dakota, Policy Chairman John Barrasso of Wyoming and Conference Vice Chairman Roy Blunt of Missouri. “The Senate Republican Conference us brimming with ambitious members, and the leadership reordering will be a critical opportunity for longtime and more junior lawmakers to raise their profiles and build their résumés. Cornyn would never challenge McConnell, but the Kentucky Republican’s lock on the top job could create a bottleneck for senators looking to ascend the ranks and establish a national profile.” http://politi.co/2qHOICv PLAYBOOK INBOX – “National Constitution Center Receives Grant to Educate Americans on the Civil War”. They’re getting a $500,000 grant from the Pew Charitable Trusts. TEVI TROY in Politico Magazine, “How to Make the Heritage Foundation Great Again: Jim DeMint’s ouster could be just what conservatism needs”: “The search for a new leader also gives Heritage a chance to correct some of the deviations Heritage has made from its original model, and re-establish itself as the idea factory that the conservative movement needs. To succeed in such an effort, Heritage needs a leader with a scholarly background. DeMint’s predecessor Ed Feulner – who is retaking the reins in an acting capacity while the search for a replacement takes place – has a Ph.D. Such a credential is helpful but not necessary. What is required is a background as an author of serious work and an interest in taking ideas seriously. Politicians can sometimes fit this bill—the late Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan had impeccable academic credentials, and so does sitting Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse—but being an elected official in and of itself does not serve as a qualification.” http://politi.co/2q0S5bh ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Strong financial health is the foundation on which strong families and communities are built. As part of our model of investing in key drivers of economic opportunity, JPMorgan Chase is supporting nonprofit partners that promote financial health. Read more in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2oQw5uq ****** TOP-ED – DANA MILBANK in WaPo, “Now we know: Bill Clinton cost his wife the presidency”: “Almost three hours into a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday, FBI Director James Comey shed new light on his decision to go public about his agency’s investigations into Hillary Clinton’s emails, first in July 2016 and again, with devastating effect, in late October, 11 days before the election. “The specific reason he cited: Bill Clinton’s decision to board Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s plane in late June, when their planes were both on a tarmac in Phoenix. ‘The capper was — and I’m not picking on Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who I like very much — but her meeting with President Clinton on that airplane was the capper for me,’ Comey said. Comey decided to ‘step away’ and announce, without consulting the Justice Department, that Hillary Clinton shouldn’t be charged. In Comey’s telling, this public announcement in turn required Comey to speak up again in October, when more emails were found.” http://wapo.st/2pH8NcF … Matt Wuerker’s funny Comey cartoon http://politi.co/2qC2U0i FOR YOUR RADAR -- “Emmanuel Macron is 39 and his wife is 64. French women say it’s about time,” by WaPo’s Mary Jordan: http://wapo.st/2qHTQqe FUTURECAST – per the Aspen Institute: “Autonomous vehicles are going to change everything we know about living in and getting around cities. The Aspen Institute and Bloomberg Philanthropies released a primer for understanding just how all of our lives will be different in a world full of automated taxis, Deliverybots, driverless shuttles and more. This is a field guide to the kinds of AVs that will call cities home in the future, and how they work.” http://bit.ly/2p7LSoM MEDIAWATCH -- “Right-wing troll Mike Cernovich goes professional with new hosting gig at InfoWars,” by CNN’s Oliver Darcy: “In many ways, the marriage between Cernovich and InfoWars is a perfect fit. Both represent a brand of journalism perhaps best comparable to the National Enquirer. Each hawks sensational and often wildly inaccurate or misleading stories to their audiences, but mixes them in with a smattering of items that appear to hold some water. ... While most of their reports may not be accurate, they can point to legitimate scoops corroborated by mainstream news outlets as evidence they should be trusted on everything else they report, blurring the lines for news consumers.” http://cnnmon.ie/2p08tsp --“Eliana Johnson: Writing from the Right” -- Yale Daily News http://bit.ly/2pJBSGA --FOX News Channel has signed Jessica Tarlov, a Democratic strategist and senior director of research at Bustle Digital Group, as a contributor. OUR FAULT -- In Power Briefing yesterday we referred to the Glover Park Group as GPS. GPG announced a strategic partnership with two other communications firms: Finsbury, based in the U.K. and New York City, and Hering Schuppener, which is headquartered in Germany. http://bit.ly/2px6ZEQ GUIDE TO FEDERAL BUDGET & APPROPS PROCESS: The federal budget process is complicated; brush up on your knowledge so you’re ready to act as the budget winds its way through Congress. The guide http://politi.co/2pr4J1C Playbookers SPOTTED: Arkansas GOP Reps. Steve Womack and Bruce Westerman and Sen. John Boozman (R-Ark.) at the Arkansas State Society get-together at Entergy, 101 Constitution Avenue ... Reps. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) and Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) eating at the Thai place next to Bullfeathers ... GA-06 Republican candidate Karen Handel at Tortilla Coast ... Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.), Rep. Mia Love (R-Utah) and Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) dining with actress Stacey Dash at the Capitol Hill Club Wednesday night. SPOTTED last night at our Playbook Power List party at the Newseum: Kellyanne Conway, Catharine Cypher, Eli Miller, Andrew Kovalcin, Alyssa Farah, Dan Conston and Kara Genderson, Doug Andres, AshLee Strong, Courtney Alexander, Myra Adams, Matt Gorman, Joe Hack, Anson Kaye, Reps. Ro Khanna (D-Calif.) and Ruben Gallego (D-Ariz.), Becca Rutkoff, Libby Wuller, Heather Purcell, Matt Negrin, Ryan Williams, Tony Sayegh, Matt Schlapp, Nihal Krishan, Sara Fischer, Michael Ramlet, Parita Shah, Kelley McCormick, Hannah Schapiro, Charlie Spiering, Josh and Blair Latoff Holmes, Doug Thornell, Alex Skatell, Camden Stuebe, Alex Trowbridge, Jill Zuckman, Michael Moroney and Francesca Chambers, Eli Yokley, Kate Nocera, Sarah Kliff. OUT AND ABOUT – Last night, also at the Newseum, “The Circus” on Showtime hosted a screening of a short documentary chronicling Donald Trump’s first 100 days, narrated by Jeff Goldblum. The event and panel discussion was shot by “The Circus” crew and will be part of the show’s season finale this Sunday. The discussion, moderated by “The Circus” co-hosts Mark Halperin, John Heilemann and Mark McKinnon, featured former Clinton campaign comms director Jen Palmieri, Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) and ACU Chairman Matt Schlapp. Pics http://politi.co/2pKrlL2 SPOTTED: Dan Balz, Michael Bender, Michael Briggs, Mike Feldman, Teddy Davis, Jennifer Epstein, Tammy Haddad, Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), Jonathan Martin and Betsy Fischer Martin, Ed O’Keefe, Nedra Pickler, Mitch Rose, TJ Ducklo, James Shannon, Robin Sproul, Matt Negrin, Alex Trowbridge, Marco Lopez and Arit John. SPOTTED last night at an evening tech expo at Entertainment Software Association headquarters featuring demos of Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and Mixed Reality products from industry leaders: Andy Phelps, Will Mason, Mike Gallagher, Benny Johnson, Wren Dillingham, Katie Frates, Zach Graves, Adnan Jalil, Chris Herndon, Austin Carson, Amanda Faulkner, Ali Amirhooshmand, Michael Petricone, Jordan Ballard, Rep. Bill Flores SPOTTED at the Susan B. Anthony List 10th anniversary gala at the Mellon Auditorium: keynote speaker VP Mike Pence, award honoree Leonard Leo, Kellyanne Conway, Paul Singer, Cesar Conda, Carrie Severino, Jason Thielman, Travis Korson, Marjorie Dannenfelser, Bob McEwen, Bob Heckman, Brian Baker, Alveda King, Gary Marx, Grover Norquist, incoming HHS assistant secretary of public affairs Charmaine Yoest, Frank Cannon, Reps. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), Virginia Foxx (R-N.C.), Louie Gohmert (R-Texas), and Diane Black (R-Tenn.). TRANSITIONS -- Lauren Reamy has been promoted to legislative director for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), while Robert “Bobby” Zarate will lead Rubio’s foreign policy team. Matt Wolking has been promoted to senior communications adviser and press secretary, and Olivia Perez-Cubas is rejoining Rubio’s Senate office as communications director. … Geoffrey Okamoto started on Monday as a deputy assistant secretary of the Treasury in international affairs. Previously, he served as the staff director of the Senate Banking subcommittee on financial institutions under Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.). ... … Eli H. Miller has been designated as Acting U.S. director of the Asian Development Bank, and acting U.S. Director of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. Eli is keeping his position as chief of staff at Treasury. ... Cambridge Analytica has hired Richard Robinson as VP of CA Commercial, based in London. Robinson recently served as managing director at ad tech company Turn and is a Google alum. ... … Holli Heiles left her job as senior adviser and counsel to Rep. French Hill (R-Ark.) this week to join the House Financial Services Committee as counsel for the subcommittee on capital markets. ... Reilly O’Connor is announcing the launch of Lincoln Park Group, a boutique government relations and public affairs firm for trade association and corporate clients. O’Connor previously was head of federal affairs and policy for the Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America. http://politi.co/2paI3jJ BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Polson Kanneth, senior editorial producer for CNN’s “State of the Union” and an ABC News alum, is 34. He’s “celebrating with my wife. We’re going to have a nice dinner out in our neighborhood— just the two of us, which is perfect and the best way to celebrate.” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2p8FI85 BIRTHDAYS: George F. Will is 76 ... Shira Center, political editor at the Boston Globe ... HuffPost’s Eliot Nelson ... Todd Stern … Megan Kopf Stackhouse, VP of PR at NBC’s “Today” show ... Charlie Chambers (Heimerdinger) ... USAID alum Allison Bormel ... Siobhán Steel, getting her master’s at Georgetown in their Security Studies program, is 27 ... Ellen Qualls … Erin Mershon, health policy reporter at CQNow and a Politico alum ... CAA’s Darnell Strom, a Bill Clinton and DNC alum (h/t Rachel Adler) … Politico’s Ted Hesson ... Steve Ross, executive director of Artists and Athletes … Steve Rosenberg of Hogan Lovells ... Shana Mansbach, a speechwriter at State ... Mitchell Rivard, Rep. Dan Kildee’s deputy COS and Michigan comms director for Hillary in 2016, is 27, celebrating this evening with friends at Sonoma wine bar (h/t Michael LaRosa) ... Rep. Colleen Hanabusa (D-H.I.) ... ... Jay Timmons, president and CEO of the National Association of Manufacturers … Katy Quinn ... Charlotte McCoy, VP at Black Rock Group (h/t Anna Epstein) ... Terrell Halaksa, former assistant secretary of education, now partner at HCM Strategists (h/t Alex Slater) ... Derya Agis ... Kathy O’Hearn of Vital Voices (h/t Tammy Haddad) … Liam Prince, Jonathan’s son … AP’s David Pace … Travis Mason … Joe Harper … John R. Gagain Jr. ... former NY assemblyman Richard Brodsky ... Akmal Ali, principal at Catalyst Partners and a DHS alum … Natalie Sabbath ... Miles Hansen (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... country music HOF Randy Travis ... Voice alum RaeLynn (h/ts Kurt Bardella) ... sports reporter Erin Andrews is 39 ... the former president of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, is 89 ... Katherine Jackson, matriarch of the Jackson musical family, is 87 ... Will Arnett is 47 ... Lance Bass (‘N Sync) is 38 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: The corporate responsibility strategy and approach was developed, tested and refined at JPMorgan Chase through efforts on the ground in communities around the world. Learn more about the company’s model for impact in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2ppK1gZ ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 5/4/17 Wednesday, 5/3/17 Tuesday, 5/2/17 Monday, 5/1/17 Sunday, 4/30/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine What Trump Can Learn From Kansas’ Tax Troubles By Kyle Pomerleau, Scott Drenkard and John Buhl Is This $2,000 Fake IKEA Bag a Sign of the Apocalypse? By Kimberly Chrisman-Campbell Clinton and Helms Nearly Ruined State. Tillerson Wants to Finish the Job. By Jeremy Konyndyk How to Make the Heritage Foundation Great Again By Tevi Troy More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basi... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Thu May 4, 2017 | 5:38am EDT China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point A logo of Ant Financial is displayed at an event of the company in Hong Kong, China November 1, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti | HONG KONG HONG KONG China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group (BABA.N), is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International (MGI.O), Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ.AX), Citigroup (C.N), Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), Goldman Sachs (GS.N), HSBC (HSBA.L), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and JPMorgan (JPM.N), have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide (EEFT.O) to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of $15.20 per share.  MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Japan's ORIX to buy 22 percent of Israel geothermal energy firm Ormat TEL AVIV Japan's ORIX Corp will buy a 22.1 percent stake in Israeli geothermal energy producer Ormat Technologies Inc for $627 million from a group led by the FIMI private equity fund, the companies said on Thursday. CIBC sweetens offer for PrivateBancorp with more cash Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce increased the cash element of its offer for Chicago-based PrivateBancorp Inc on Thursday in a final $4.9 billion bid to push the deal through ahead of a May 12 shareholder vote. SNC-Lavalin CEO says Elliott's stake in WS Atkins not an obstacle to deal MONTREAL SNC-Lavalin CEO Neil Bruce said on Thursday activist investor Elliott Capital's stake in WS Atkins "is not an obstacle" to buying the firm. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Raised to GBX 340 Coach Inc (COH) PT Set at $42.00 by BMO Capital Markets I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Trakm8 Holdings PLC (TRAK) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Stock Price Down 8.9% After Earnings Miss Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) PT Set at €89.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) a €20.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Manulife Financial Corp. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (MFC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Lowered by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC (LON:BARC)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 225 ($2.91) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 7.68% from the company’s previous close. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on BARC. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 230 ($2.97) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 260 ($3.36) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 270 ($3.49) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, BNP Paribas reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 245 ($3.16) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 223.79 ($2.89). Shares of Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) opened at 208.95 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 219.81 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 219.07. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 35.43 billion. Barclays PLC has a one year low of GBX 121.10 and a one year high of GBX 267.32. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were given a GBX 2 ($0.03) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. This is a boost from Barclays PLC’s previous dividend of $1.00. This represents a dividend yield of 0.82%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/barclays-plc-barc-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Ian Cheshire bought 50,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 210 ($2.71) per share, for a total transaction of £105,000 ($135,571.34). Barclays PLC Company Profile Barclays PLC is a global financial services holding company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. The Company’s segments include Barclays UK and Barclays International. The Barclays UK segment includes the local consumer, small business, the United Kingdom wealth and credit cards business. Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC (BARC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Raised to GBX 340 Coach Inc (COH) PT Set at $42.00 by BMO Capital Markets I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) PT Set at $9.00 by Roth Capital Trakm8 Holdings PLC (TRAK) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Stock Price Down 8.9% After Earnings Miss Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) PT Set at €89.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) a €20.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Manulife Financial Corp. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (MFC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Lowered by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Glencore PLC (GLEN) PT Raised to GBX 340 May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) had its price target hoisted by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 330 ($4.26) to GBX 340 ($4.39) in a research report issued on Tuesday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the natural resources company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target points to a potential upside of 18.55% from the company’s current price. GLEN has been the topic of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 365 ($4.71) price target (down previously from GBX 390 ($5.04)) on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. AlphaValue reiterated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 337 ($4.35) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 410 ($5.29) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 390 ($5.04) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.68) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Glencore PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 344.52 ($4.45). Shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) opened at 286.80 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 40.87 billion. Glencore PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 124.55 and a 1-year high of GBX 347.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 314.21 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 297.14. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be given a dividend of €0.04 ($0.04) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/glencore-plc-glen-pt-raised-to-gbx-340.html. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value The list is dominated by banks in the United States and China. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 3, 2017 at 10:11PM Over the past decade, the world's biggest banks have only gotten bigger, as growth and industry consolidation have continued to bolster their balance sheets. The 10 largest financial institutions in the world now have market capitalizations of at least $100 billion each. Bank Market Capitalization at End of Q1 2017 JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) $319 billion Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) $282 billion Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) $257 billion Industrial & Commercial Bank of China $246 billion China Construction Bank $202 billion Citigroup $165 billion HSBC $161 billion Agricultural Bank of China $157 billion Bank of China $155 billion Commonwealth Bank of Australia $119 billion Data source: Bank of America. JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America can all thank major acquisitions for their places at the top of the list. In 2008 alone: JPMorgan Chase bought Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. Wells Fargo more than doubled in size by acquiring Wachovia. Bank of America inked its long-desired purchase of Merrill Lynch. Moreover, given that most banks are leveraged by a factor of 10-to-1 or more, market capitalization gives only a partial hint of these banks' true size. To this end, JPMorgan Chase has $2.6 trillion worth of assets on its balance sheet, compared with $2.3 trillion at Bank of America and $2.0 trillion at Wells Fargo. Image source: Getty Images. And you can even take this one step further by including assets under management and/or custody. These aren't held on a bank's balance sheet but instead are merely administered on behalf of clients, who retain the assets on their own balance sheets. That would add $481 billion to Wells Fargo's heft, $2.6 trillion to Bank of America (if you factor in all of its clients balances), and nearly $25 trillion to JPMorgan Chase, which serves as one of only a handful of custodial banks, overseeing trillions of dollars' worth of assets for institutional investors. Most of the other banks on this list, aside from the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and HSBC, are based in China. This illustrates the point that Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, has made repeatedly over the past few years: If regulators in the United States break up the country's biggest banks, they'll cede the apex of global finance to institutions in China. "I do not want any American to look back in 20 years and try to figure out how and why America's banks lost the leadership position in financial services," Dimon wrote in his 2015 shareholder letter. "If not us, it will be someone else and likely a Chinese bank." The thing to watch going forward, in turn, is whether China's banks will in fact eventually emerge on top. The country is growing faster, it faces less stringent financial regulations, and its banks have the express backing of the government, given the blurring between public and private institutions in the East Asian country.  John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 3, 2017 at 10:11PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.85 up $0.08 (0.34%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.10 up $0.10 (0.11%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.18 up $0.33 (0.60%) Read More A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report 22 Million People Use Bank of America's Mobile App Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ferrellgas Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ferrellgas Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Position Reduced by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Sells 700 Shares of Wabash National Co. (WNC) Nwam LLC Buys New Stake in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Transocean LTD (RIG) Shares Sold by Nwam LLC Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC Searle & CO. Maintains Stake in CA, Inc. (CA) New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.36 Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Omnicom Group (OMC) Stock Price Lightbridge Corp (LTBR) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Issues Earnings Results Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results LSV Asset Management Has $94.342 Million Stake in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.17 EPS Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) CFO Theodore Blegen Sells 177 Shares of Stock Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Acquires 1,341 Shares Renasant Corp. (RNST) Director Michael D. Shmerling Acquires 500 Shares Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI) Position Raised by LSV Asset Management Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nwam LLC raised its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP) by 149.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 25,627 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 15,350 shares during the period. Nwam LLC’s holdings in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. were worth $154,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,059,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. by 34.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 404,911 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,713,000 after buying an additional 104,459 shares in the last quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. by 272.4% in the first quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 350,823 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $2,105,000 after buying an additional 256,617 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. by 52.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 211,506 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $1,268,000 after buying an additional 73,177 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Picton Mahoney Asset Management acquired a new stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. during the third quarter valued at about $2,328,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 7.21% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP) traded down 2.37% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $5.77. The company had a trading volume of 416,135 shares. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. has a 52 week low of $5.04 and a 52 week high of $20.85. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $5.98 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.02. The company’s market capitalization is $560.57 million. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 9th. The oil and gas company reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.28. The firm earned $579.25 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $654.13 million. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P.’s quarterly revenue was down 10.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.58 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. will post ($0.23) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Shares Bought by Nwam LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/ferrellgas-partners-l-p-fgp-shares-bought-by-nwam-llc.html. FGP has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Bank of America Corp set a $5.00 target price on Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Zacks Investment Research cut Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $6.00 target price on shares of Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $11.67. In other news, Director Pamela A. Breuckmann bought 18,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $5.82 per share, for a total transaction of $104,760.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Company insiders own 0.48% of the company’s stock. Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. Company Profile Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. is engaged in the retail distribution of propane and related equipment sales, and midstream operations, which include crude oil logistics. The Company’s segments include propane and related equipment sales, midstream operations-crude oil logistics, and corporate and other. The propane and related equipment sales segment consists of the distribution of propane and related equipment and supplies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FGP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (NYSE:FGP). Receive News & Ratings for Ferrellgas Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ferrellgas Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years onA decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? Though the effects of the financial crisis in 2007-08 are still reverberating, banks are learning to live with their new environment, writes Patrick Lane. But are they really safer now? print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 6th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon THE ELECTION OF Donald Trump as America’s 45th president dismayed most of New York; Mr Trump’s home city had voted overwhelmingly for another local candidate, Hillary Clinton. But Wall Street cheered. Between polling day on November 8th and March 1st, the S&P 500 sub-index of American banks’ share prices soared by 34%; finance was the fastest-rising sector in a fast-rising market. At the time of the election just two of the six biggest banks, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, could boast market capitalisations that exceeded the net book value of their assets. Now all but Bank of America and Citigroup are in that happy position. Banks’ shares were already on the up, largely because markets expected the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates after a long pause. It obliged in December and March, with three more rises expected this year. That should enable banks to widen the margin between their borrowing and lending rates from 60-year lows. Mr Trump’s victory added an extra boost by promising to lift America’s economic growth rate. He wants to cut taxes on companies, which would fatten banks’ profits directly as well as benefiting their customers. He has also pledged to loosen bank regulation, the industry’s biggest gripe, declaring on the campaign trail that he would “do a big number” on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which overhauled financial regulation after the crisis. So have the banks at last put the crisis behind them? This special report will argue that many of them are in much better shape than they were a decade ago, but the gains are not evenly spread and have further to go. That is particularly true in Europe, where the banks’ recovery has been distinctly patchy. The STOXX Europe 600 index of bank share prices is still down by two-thirds from the peak it reached ten years ago this month. European lenders’ returns on equity average just 5.8%. America’s banks are significantly stronger. In investment banking, they are beating European rivals hollow. They are no longer having to fork out billions in legal bills for the sins of the past, and they are at last making a better return for their shareholders. Mike Mayo, an independent bank analyst, expects their return on tangible equity soon to exceed their cost of capital (which he, like most banks, puts at 10%) for the first time since the crisis. But financial crises cast long shadows, and even in America banks are not back in full sun yet. Despite the initial Trump rally, the S&P 500 banks index is still about 30% below the peak it reached in February 2007 (see chart). Debates about revising America’s post-crisis regulation are only just beginning. And the biggest question of all has not gone away: are banks—and taxpayers—now safe enough? Latest updates Striking out on the American dream Prospero14 hours ago Did a selfie accidentally reveal the administration’s plan to halt all visas? Gulliver15 hours ago America’s food-truck industry is growing rapidly despite roadblocks Graphic detail16 hours ago Ivanka Trump and the push for paid parental leave Democracy in America16 hours ago Retail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates 21 hours ago Foreign reserves 21 hours ago See all updates Plenty of Americans, including many who voted for Mr Trump, are still suspicious of big banks. The crisis left a good number of them (though few bankers) conspicuously poorer, and resentment easily bubbles up again. Last September Wells Fargo, which had breezed through the crisis, admitted that over the past five years it opened more than 2m ghost deposit and credit-card accounts for customers who had not asked for them. The gain to Wells was tiny, and the fine of $185m was relatively modest. But the scandal cost John Stumpf, the chief executive, and some senior staff their jobs, as well as $180m in forfeited pay and shares. Wells has been fighting a public-relations battle ever since, and mostly losing. This report will take stock of the banking industry, chiefly in America and Europe, a decade after the precipitous fall from grace of banks on both sides of the Atlantic (see article). The origins of the crisis lay in global macroeconomic imbalances as well as in failures of the financial system’s management and supervision: a surfeit of savings in China and other surplus economies was financing an American borrowing and property binge. American and European banks, economies and taxpayers bore the brunt. Banks in other parts of the world, by and large, fared far better. In Australia and Canada, returns on equity stayed in double figures throughout. It helped that Australia has just four big banks and Canada five, which all but rules out domestic takeovers and keeps margins high. As commodity prices have sagged recently, so has profitability in both countries, but last year Australia’s lenders returned 13.7% on equity and Canada’s 14.1%, results that banks elsewhere can only envy. Japan’s biggest banks, which had been reckless adventurers in the heady 1980s and 1990s, did not remain wholly unscathed. Mizuho suffered most, writing down about ¥700bn ($6.8bn). The Japanese were able to pick through Western debris for acquisitions to supplement meagre returns at home. Some chose more wisely than others: MUFG’s stake in Morgan Stanley was a bargain, whereas Nomura’s purchase of Lehman Brothers’ European business proved a burden. Chinese lenders were mostly bystanders at the time, remaining focused on their domestic market. The seven consequences of apocalypse Ask bankers what has changed most in their industry in the past decade, and top of their list will be regulation. A light touch has been replaced by close oversight, including “stress tests” of banks’ ability to withstand crises, which some see as the biggest change in the banking landscape. Before the crisis, says the chief financial officer of an international bank, his firm (and others like it) carried out internal stress tests, for which it collected a few thousand data points. When his bank’s main supervisor started conducting tests after the crisis, the number of data points leapt to the hundreds of thousands. It is now in the low millions, and still rising. The number of people working directly on “controls” at JPMorgan Chase, America’s biggest bank, jumped from 24,000 in 2011 (the year after the Dodd-Frank act, the biggest reform to financial regulation since the 1930s) to 43,000 in 2015. That works out at one employee in six. The second big change is far more demanding capital requirements, together with new rules for leverage and liquidity. Bankers and supervisors agree that the crisis exposed banks’ equity cushions as dangerously thin. For too many, leverage was the path first to profit and then to ruin. Revised international rules, known as Basel 3 (still a work in progress), have forced banks to bulk up, adding equity and convertible debt to their balance-sheets. The idea is that a big bank should be able to absorb the worst conceivable blow without taking down other institutions or needing to be rescued. Between 2011 and mid-2016 the world’s 30 “globally systemically important” banks boosted their common equity by around €1trn ($1.3trn), mostly through retained earnings, says the Bank for International Settlements in Basel. Third, returns on equity have been lower than before the crisis. In part, that is a natural consequence of a bigger equity base. But the fallout from the crisis has also squeezed returns in another way. Central banks first pushed interest rates to ultra-low levels and then followed up with enormous purchases of government bonds and other assets. This was partly intended to help banks, by making funding cheaper and boosting economies. But low rates and flat yield curves compress interest margins and hence profits. Balance-sheets have been stuffed with cash, deposited at central banks and earning next to nothing. According to Oliver Wyman, a consulting firm, the share of cash in American banks’ balance-sheets jumped from 3% before the crisis to a peak of 20% in 2014. As the world economy is at last reviving after several false starts, earnings may pick up in Europe as well as in America. Sweat your assets Fourth, sluggish revenues, combined with the competing demands of supervisors and shareholders, have forced banks to screw down their costs and to think much harder about how best to use scarce resources. “If I’m going to get a good return on a high amount of capital, I’d better focus on what I’m good at,” says Jim Cowles, Citigroup’s boss in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Citi, which under Sandy Weill in the late 1990s had become a sprawling financial supermarket, selling everything from investment-banking services to insurance, has retreated to become chiefly a corporate and investment bank, much as it had been in the 1970s and 1980s. Its bosses emphasise its “network”, a presence in nearly 100 countries that multinationals’ treasurers can count on. It once also had retail banks in 50 countries, many of them second-string. That total is now down to 19. Such retreat from marginal businesses has also meant fewer jobs and lower bonuses, even if bankers’ pay is still the envy of most. That has brought about a fifth change: banks have become less attractive employers for high-powered graduates. “The brightest people no longer want to go to banks but to Citadel [a hedge-fund firm],” laments a senior banker. Some millennials, he adds, are drawn to technology companies instead. Others “don’t want to deal with business at all”. That is because of a sixth change: the financial sector’s reputation was trashed by the crisis. One scandal followed another as the story of the go-go years unfolded: providing mortgages to people who could not afford them; mis-selling securities built upon such loans; selling expensive and often useless payment-protection insurance; fixing Libor, a key interest rate; rigging the foreign-exchange market; and much more. Seventh and last, financial technology is becoming ever more important. That may be better news for banks than it sounds, despite the creakiness of some of their computer systems. Plenty of financial startups are trying to muscle in on their business, but in a highly regulated industry heavyweight incumbents are harder to usurp than booksellers or taxi drivers. As a result, there is a good chance of banks and technology companies forming mutually beneficial partnerships to improve services to their customers rather than fighting each other. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "Ten years on" Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon Be the first to comment Reuse this content → When the music stopped: How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Health-care reformRepublicans sign up for political painUnited States BiotechnologyCell-free biotech will make for better productsScience and technology Daily chartAmerica’s food-truck industry is growing rapidlyGraphic detail You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years on: After Dodd-FrankAmerican banks think they are over-regulated Time to loosen the reins, say America’s banks. Not so fast, say regulators print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 4th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon “LEFT TO OUR own devices,” said Lloyd Blankfein, boss of Goldman Sachs, in February, “we wouldn’t hold as much capital as we are holding.” He is not alone. “It is clear that the banks have too much capital,” wrote Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, America’s biggest bank by assets, in a letter to shareholders last month. American banks, both big and small, are chafing. Since 2009 the 33 banks deemed to be “systemically important”, which are subject to stress tests by the Federal Reserve, have added $700bn in common equity. The eight banks considered to be of global systemic importance (G-SIBs, in banking parlance) must meet not only the capital and leverage requirements agreed on by international supervisors after the crisis (see article) but also additional surcharges levied by the Fed. Among other changes, Mr Dimon wants this “gold-plating” to go. Perhaps most irritating to the banks are the Fed’s annual stress tests, estimating how much equity would be burned up in a hypothetical crisis. The Fed may also limit banks’ dividends and share repurchases if it finds they do not have enough capital in the worst scenario. Banks are given plenty of information about the imaginary catastrophe—but not about the models the Fed uses in the tests. It is hard, they mutter, to hit a moving target in the dark. The Fed, however, does not want banks to arrange their balance-sheets merely to meet the test. Daniel Tarullo, the designer of the Fed’s stress-test apparatus, who stepped down as a governor last month, said in a farewell speech that the tests needed refining but that they had to adapt to new risks, and that publishing models would “result in less protection for the financial system”. Bankers freely admit that they had too little equity before the crisis. Now they say they have too much. Mr Dimon points out that under the worst scenario in the Fed’s stress test last year, the 33 banks’ hypothetical losses amounted to $195bn. That is bound to be an overstatement: the test assumes that each and every bank will be the worst affected. But it still amounts to less than 10% of their combined loss-absorbing resources. They are now required to hold so much capital, Mr Dimon writes, that lending and the American economy are being held back. The banks grumble about a surfeit of rules as well as of capital. The Fed’s first stress tests predated, by a year, the Dodd-Frank act of 2010, which recast American financial regulation. The law runs to 848 pages. It abolished one watchdog but created two more, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which is made up of the heads of regulatory agencies and is chaired by the treasury secretary. It laid out procedures for dealing with bankruptcy of systemically important banks, using public money if need be. In all it imposed 390 requirements for which regulators had to come up with new rules. According to Gabriel Rosenberg of Davis Polk, a law firm, only 279 have been finalised. Banks moan that the regulation of mortgages—more than half of which are now originated by non-banks—is especially fiendish. The Dodd-Frank act has thickened the “spaghetti soup” Latest updates Striking out on the American dream Prospero14 hours ago Did a selfie accidentally reveal the administration’s plan to halt all visas? Gulliver15 hours ago America’s food-truck industry is growing rapidly despite roadblocks Graphic detail16 hours ago Ivanka Trump and the push for paid parental leave Democracy in America16 hours ago Retail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates 21 hours ago Foreign reserves 21 hours ago See all updates Complaints about red tape extend far beyond Wall Street. America has a total of around 5,900 banks, all but 100-odd of which hold assets of less than $10bn, a category dubbed “community” banks; indeed, more than 5,000 of them hold less than $1bn. Community banks, like their bigger peers, say regulation is costing them too much and restricting lending. Community banks have plenty of other problems as well. They lack scale; their risks are locally concentrated; and they face competition not only from bigger banks but also from online lenders. Already one-fifth of small businesses—the community banks’ staple—look to online lenders when seeking a loan. Small banks have been in decline for decades (see chart). Stephen Cecchetti, of Brandeis University, and Kim Schoenholtz, of New York University’s Stern School of Business, point out that this downward trend did not accelerate after Dodd-Frank. Still, extra regulation has not helped. Karen Mills of Harvard Business School, a former head of the federal government’s Small Business Administration, says that Dodd-Frank has thickened the “spaghetti soup”. In particular, community banks’ ability to make loans of under $150,000 has been weakened. Although they are exempt from many of the regulations governing large institutions, such as supervisory stress tests, the fixed costs of regulation weigh more heavily on smaller lenders. “Bank presidents are really thinking about regulation more than serving customers,” says Hester Peirce, of the Mercatus Centre at George Mason University in Washington, DC. Do a big number If Hillary Clinton had been elected president last November, bankers’ best hope for regulation might have been more of the same. Mr Trump, by contrast, has promised to “do a big number” (meaning a radical cutback) on the Dodd-Frank act. No one knows how big. All Mr Trump has done so far is to issue an executive order listing seven unobjectionable principles for financial regulation (sample: “foster economic growth and vibrant financial markets through more rigorous regulatory impact analysis”) and to instruct the treasury secretary to assess by early June whether existing laws can deliver these objectives. A separate proclamation has paved the way for easing rules on financial advisers’ duties to their clients. Nothing much is likely to happen soon, although ideas are in the air. Gary Cohn, Mr Trump’s chief economic adviser, has mused about a “21st-century version” of the Glass-Steagall act, a Depression-era law, repealed in 1999, that forced the separation of commercial and investment banking. Separately, Republicans in the House of Representatives have said that they want to pass a bill to replace Dodd-Frank by the summer. But the new administration wanted to concentrate on replacing Barack Obama’s health-care law (over which it came a cropper) and on reforming taxes. And although Mr Trump has a treasury secretary in place, Steven Mnuchin, other jobs in the department that require approval by the Senate, plus many that do not, have not yet been filled. Passing new legislation may anyway be tricky. Although the Republicans have majorities in both the House and the Senate, they lack the 60 votes needed to break a filibuster (debating a bill for so long that it runs out of time) in the upper house. Persuading eight Democrats to join them appears a tall order for anything that looks like a sop to Wall Street, but some sound keen on Mr Cohn’s Glass-Steagall idea. Budgetary measures can be passed with a simple majority. That may allow Republicans to restrict funding for (and perhaps restructure) the CFPB, which is financed through the Fed rather than directly by Congress, or perhaps to gut Dodd-Frank’s bankruptcy procedure. There may be broad agreement on some areas. One is that small banks’ burden should be eased, for instance via complete exemption from the Volcker rule, which bans banks from trading most securities for their own profit, and from owning private-equity and hedge funds, and which was aimed at big institutions. It helps that community banks have plenty of congressional clout. Another is that the threshold of $50bn in assets for designating a bank as systemically important, and so subject to detailed stress-testing, is too low. The smallest are no systemic threat, and the limit discourages otherwise sensible mergers that would push banks above it. The Fed has already eased some requirements for smaller systemic banks. It should also be possible to loosen the reins without new laws. Dodd-Frank gives regulators a fair amount of discretion, and Mr Trump will be able to choose a number of new ones. Most important (and possibly imminent) is a replacement for Mr Tarullo, long a thorn in the banks’ sides, to oversee financial stability at the Fed. Two other slots at the central bank are vacant. Thomas Curry’s term as the Comptroller of the Currency, who oversees national banks, ended on April 9th. And in November Martin Gruenberg’s term as chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) is due to run out. Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, intends to revive legislation that he proposed last year. At the core of his Financial CHOICE (Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs) act is indeed a choice: banks can opt to maintain a leverage ratio, of equity to total liabilities, of 10%, in return for exemption from such burdens as minimum ratios of equity to risk-weighted assets laid down in international banking standards, “living wills” setting out how they could be wound up if they went bust, and those pesky stress tests. With enough equity, the theory goes, a failing bank would be no risk to the taxpayer and so could be left in peace. If it overreached, only its shareholders would suffer. A book published in March by academics at the Stern School and NYU’s law school, “Regulating Wall Street: CHOICE Act vs Dodd-Frank”, compares the two acts, section by section. It argues that Dodd-Frank has made the American financial system safer, both since the crisis and relative to those of other large countries; but its many pages and associated rules have not got to the heart of systemic risk, and are more burdensome than necessary. So does CHOICE represent an improvement? Start with a tick in its favour. The Volcker rule, the NYU team concludes, could go. It is supposed to stop banks using deposits insured by taxpayers to fund risky proprietary trading. But it was not such trading that caused the crisis, and the rule does not reduce risk enough to justify the burden of compliance. Banks complain that they must send reams of data to regulators daily to show that they are complying. They say that if the rule were scrapped they would not reopen proprietary trading desks anyway. A separate study, by consultants at Oliver Wyman, finds that the Volcker rule and similar regulations in Europe may have harmed liquidity in some important markets, including repos, which provide short-term funding, corporate bonds and commercial mortgage-backed securities, because banks now hold much less of such stuff on their balance-sheets. Neither Dodd-Frank nor CHOICE, says the NYU team, tackles important flaws in American regulation. The country has lots of different watchdogs, and who oversees what depends on a company’s legal form rather than its economic function. Its property and mortgage markets are distorted by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which guarantee almost all housing loans. Both laws leave these problems untouched. CHOICE’s central bargain—10% leverage in return for less regulation—may make sense for smaller, non-systemic banks. For the bigger ones, it looks like a bad deal both for the banks themselves and for the wider economy. Eliminating stress tests for systemically important banks, argue the NYU authors, “could be catastrophic”. One of them, Philipp Schnabl, says the point is not how much capital banks have in normal times but how much they have in hand when trouble arrives. And because leverage ratios treat all assets as equally risky, banks may have an incentive to increase risk—and hence, they hope, returns—while keeping the ratio constant. You need risk-weighting too. Moreover, measuring leverage is not as simple as it looks. American accounting principles, known as GAAP, allow banks to offset derivative exposures on the asset and liability sides of their balance-sheets. International standards, or IFRS, restrict this possibility, because the liabilities will still exist in bankruptcy. Balance-sheets are therefore smaller, and leverage ratios larger, under GAAP than under IFRS. This matters. Thomas Hoenig, vice-chairman of the FDIC, is no fan of regulatory risk-weighting. He thinks it is fine for banks to use it internally, but not for supervisors to decide priorities for them, pointing out that “I cannot predict the future.” So he also favours leverage ratios of at least 10%—but for all banks, and on the IFRS measure. In December, America’s eight G-SIBs had a combined leverage ratio of 8.2% under GAAP but only 6.3% under IFRS. In the 2008 crisis, Mr Hoenig notes, their losses amounted to 6% of tangible assets. Disentangling risk He recently put more flesh on his proposals. Dodd-Frank was “well-intended”, he says, but its “many and complicated” regulations are too burdensome for all banks, especially small ones. For the largest ones, he thinks, the law has “served to enshrine too big to fail”. He suggests that big banks should split commercial and investment banking into separately capitalised and managed subsidiaries, each capable of entering bankruptcy without public support. The FDIC would insure deposits in the commercial subsidiary (as before), which would be subject to a leverage ratio of at least 10%; the investment-banking arm’s requirement would be based on risk, but should be no less than that of stand-alone broker-dealers today (8.4%). In return, big banks could be freed from a whole array of regulations, including stress tests and living wills. The idea, Mr Hoenig notes, is similar to the “ring-fencing” of retail banks in Britain, due in 2019. (Mr Cohn could also be thinking along these lines.) Others say that 10%, however you measure it, is not enough. In “The Bankers’ New Clothes”, published in 2013, Anat Admati of Stanford and Martin Hellwig of the Max Planck Institute for Research on Collective Goods proposed a minimum of 20%. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis estimated last year that Dodd-Frank had cut the chance that big American banks would need another public bail-out at least once in the next 100 years only from 84% to 67%. To reduce the probability to 9%, it proposed the equivalent of a leverage ratio of 15%. Banks that fell short after five years would see the bar raised, eventually to 24%. Underlying all this is a divergence between what suits a big bank and what suits the economy as a whole. Unsupervised, banks are likely to issue too little capital, because they do not take into account the effect of a systemic crisis on other banks or on the economy as a whole. That is why the biggest face more demanding capital rules and stress tests. The alternative is to force them to have so much equity on their balance-sheets that they can fail without bringing down the lot. Mr Dimon argues that the banks have already passed that point: “Essentially, too big to fail has been solved—taxpayers will not pay if a bank fails.” The question now is whether Mr Trump appoints supervisors who agree with Mr Dimon. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "After Dodd-Frank" Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon Be the first to comment Reuse this content → Bother over Basel: Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Health-care reformRepublicans sign up for political painUnited States BiotechnologyCell-free biotech will make for better productsScience and technology Daily chartAmerica’s food-truck industry is growing rapidlyGraphic detail You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Triple-S Management Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Triple-S Management Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $5.342 Million Stake in National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 157,331 Shares of Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 8,890 Shares of Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $6.588 Million Stake in CM Finance Inc (CMFN) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Acquires New Stake in Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Summit Securities Group LLC Purchases 9,439 Shares of American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Stake Decreased by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Stake Boosted by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Algert Global LLC Acquires 47,833 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 72 Shares of State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) Carbonite Inc (CARB) Shares Sold by Algert Global LLC Fibrocell Science Inc (FCSC) Receives $4.42 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Target Price at $97.80 Analysts Set SunPower Co. (SPWR) Target Price at $8.90 Analysts Set Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Price Target at $37.86 Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.19 EPS Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results TiVo Corp (TIVO) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Algert Global LLC Boosts Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) 96,387 Shares in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Acquired by Algert Global LLC Algert Global LLC Acquires 47,833 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Algert Global LLC raised its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS) by 127.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 85,257 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 47,833 shares during the period. Algert Global LLC owned approximately 0.35% of Triple-S Management Corp. worth $1,498,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of GTS. Lakewood Capital Management LP boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 68.8% in the third quarter. Lakewood Capital Management LP now owns 763,705 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,748,000 after buying an additional 311,247 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Triple-S Management Corp. during the fourth quarter worth $4,112,000. Heartland Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 26.0% in the first quarter. Heartland Advisors Inc. now owns 656,087 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,527,000 after buying an additional 135,327 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 85.9% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 60,712 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,257,000 after buying an additional 28,046 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 4.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 401,925 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,815,000 after buying an additional 15,458 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 87.63% of the company’s stock. Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS) traded up 0.56% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $18.01. 36,029 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $434.22 million, a P/E ratio of 25.37 and a beta of 0.89. The company has a 50 day moving average of $17.77 and a 200 day moving average of $19.91. Triple-S Management Corp. has a 12-month low of $16.49 and a 12-month high of $27.08. Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.05. Triple-S Management Corp. had a return on equity of 1.41% and a net margin of 0.65%. The firm had revenue of $730.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $731.47 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.45 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Triple-S Management Corp. will post $1.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Algert Global LLC Acquires 47,833 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/algert-global-llc-acquires-47833-shares-of-triple-s-management-corp-gts.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Triple-S Management Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday. Triple-S Management Corp. Company Profile Triple-S Management Corporation operates as a managed care company. The Company offers a range of managed care and related products in the commercial, Medicaid and Medicare markets. The Company’s segments include Managed Care, Life Insurance, and Property and Casualty Insurance. The Managed Care segment is engaged in the sale of managed care products to the Commercial, Medicare and Medicaid market sectors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS). Receive News & Ratings for Triple-S Management Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Triple-S Management Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital One National Association Has $957,000 Stake in ITT Inc. (ITT) Capital One National Association Sells 5,424 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Avista Corp (AVA) Shares Bought by Trillium Asset Management LLC Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Bought by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Trillium Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 20,661 INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Stake Raised by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires New Stake in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) CFO Scott T. Wheeler Sells 757 Shares of Stock Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Tilly Levine Sells 20,000 Shares Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Insider Matthew Roberts Buys 657 Shares of Stock Graham Co. (GHM) Insider James R. Lines Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Insider S. Chris Jacobsen Sells 3,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: HubSpot Inc (HUBS) General Counsel Sells 316 Shares of Stock RLI Corp. (RLI) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.83 NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Boosted by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Aqua America Inc (WTR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Capital One National Association Sells 5,424 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital One National Association cut its position in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) by 16.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 27,772 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 5,424 shares during the period. Capital One National Association owned 0.06% of Mercury Systems worth $1,084,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 11.5% in the third quarter. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA now owns 501,007 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $12,310,000 after buying an additional 51,687 shares during the period. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 24.8% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 537,968 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $13,218,000 after buying an additional 107,007 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 4.4% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 7,852 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 332 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 28.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 7,658 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $188,000 after buying an additional 1,692 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 197.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 45,161 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,110,000 after buying an additional 29,965 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.14% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded up 1.02% during trading on Thursday, reaching $39.74. The company had a trading volume of 355,879 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $38.76 and its 200 day moving average is $33.61. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 68.64 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems Inc has a 52 week low of $19.78 and a 52 week high of $40.86. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. The company earned $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.54 million. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 62.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.25 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Mercury Systems Inc will post $1.10 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/capital-one-national-association-sells-5424-shares-of-mercury-systems-inc-mrcy.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on MRCY shares. SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $36.00 target price for the company. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Mercury Systems from $28.00 to $30.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Mercury Systems from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Mercury Systems has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $41.50. In other news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.80, for a total transaction of $362,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 586,249 shares in the company, valued at $22,160,212.20. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Michael A. Daniels purchased 2,683 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $37.31 per share, with a total value of $100,102.73. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 60,096 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,242,181.76. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders sold 28,800 shares of company stock valued at $1,091,904 over the last quarter. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRCY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mtu Aero Engines A - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mtu Aero Engines A with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Downgraded to Hold at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Upgraded by Citigroup Inc to Neutral Mtu Aero Engines A (MTUAY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Neutral” Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Upgraded to “Buy” by Deutsche Bank AG Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Given “Hold” Rating at Maxim Group First Savings Financial Group Inc (FSFG) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Brokerages Set Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) PT at $77.94 Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.13 Per Share Banco Bradesco SA Announces Special Dividend of $0.01 (BBD) Triangle Capital Co. (TCAP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.45 Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” NanoString Technologies Inc (NSTG) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Malibu Boats (MBUU) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.12 EPS Tesla Inc (TSLA) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $1.30 EPS Panalpina Welt Ag Unspon (PLWTY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Qiagen NV’s (QGEN) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Commerzbank Ag Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) to Hold Mtu Aero Engines A (MTUAY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Neutral” May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Mtu Aero Engines A (NASDAQ:MTUAY) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Wednesday. MTUAY has been the topic of several other reports. Berenberg Bank downgraded Mtu Aero Engines A from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a neutral rating on shares of Mtu Aero Engines A in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Shares of Mtu Aero Engines A (NASDAQ:MTUAY) traded down 0.78% on Wednesday, reaching $72.88. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 582 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.49 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.34. Mtu Aero Engines A has a 1-year low of $44.72 and a 1-year high of $73.45. The company has a 50 day moving average of $66.46 and a 200 day moving average of $59.27. Mtu Aero Engines A (NASDAQ:MTUAY) last posted its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The aerospace company reported $1.15 EPS for the quarter. The firm had revenue of $1.34 billion for the quarter. Equities research analysts expect that Mtu Aero Engines A will post $6.92 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/mtu-aero-engines-a-mtuay-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral.html. Receive News & Ratings for Mtu Aero Engines A Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mtu Aero Engines A and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pearson plc (PSON) Receives “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC South32 Ltd (S32) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Adva Optical Netwo (ADVOF) to Sell Saga PLC (SAGA) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Raises Position in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact DXC Technology (CSC) Share Price Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Has $371,000 Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Advisor Partners LLC Sells 254 Shares of Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Stake Decreased by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Invests $265,000 in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Advisor Partners LLC Takes Position in NVR, Inc. (NVR) Wright Investors Service Inc. Buys Shares of 2,790 Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Nice Ltd (NICE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.64 Per Share $0.69 EPS Expected for Huron Consulting Group (HURN) This Quarter Admiral Group plc (ADM) Given Sell Rating at Shore Capital Bovis Homes Group plc’s (BVS) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Centamin PLC’s (CEY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Panmure Gordon Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Given “Equal Weight” Rating at Barclays PLC Saga PLC (SAGA) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 215 ($2.78) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on the stock. Peel Hunt reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a neutral rating and a GBX 200 ($2.58) price objective for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a buy rating on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an add rating and issued a GBX 235 ($3.03) price objective on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Beaufort Securities reissued a buy rating on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Saga PLC presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 228.33 ($2.95). Shares of Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) traded down 0.85% on Wednesday, hitting GBX 210.00. The stock had a trading volume of 5,195,774 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 207.49 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 195.98. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.34 billion. Saga PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 175.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 227.38. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/saga-plc-saga-given-neutral-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be paid a GBX 5.80 ($0.07) dividend. This is an increase from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 2.84%. In other news, insider Jonathan Hill sold 24,683 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 208 ($2.69), for a total transaction of £51,340.64 ($66,288.75). About Saga PLC Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smiths Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smiths Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Smiths Group plc (SMIN) Given “Overweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Schroders plc (SDR) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC The Sage Group plc (SGE) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds British American Tobacco PLC (BTI) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.05 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Stock Price Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Plans $0.51 Quarterly Dividend KBC Group NV (KBC.BE) Plans $1.97 Dividend Civitas Social Housing PLC Announces Dividend of GBX 0.75 (CSH) Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.21 EPS North Star Investment Management Corp. Holds Stake in Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Position Reduced by BB&T Corp BB&T Corp Has $3.232 Million Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Position Lowered by BB&T Corp Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Boosted by Analyst FY2017 EPS Estimates for Kraton Corp (KRA) Raised by Analyst Smiths Group plc (SMIN) Given “Overweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Smiths Group plc (LON:SMIN) in a research note released on Wednesday morning. They currently have a GBX 1,730 ($22.34) price objective on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also commented on the company. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,810 ($23.37) target price on shares of Smiths Group plc in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their target price on Smiths Group plc from GBX 1,600 ($20.66) to GBX 1,730 ($22.34) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. HSBC Holdings plc upped their target price on Smiths Group plc from GBX 1,700 ($21.95) to GBX 1,900 ($24.53) and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Smiths Group plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They issued a buy rating and a GBX 1,670 ($21.56) target price for the company. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,587 ($20.49) target price on shares of Smiths Group plc in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,582.92 ($20.44). Shares of Smiths Group plc (LON:SMIN) traded up 0.36% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 1669.00. 1,366,297 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,611.06 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,497.47. Smiths Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,028.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,675.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 6.60 billion. WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/smiths-group-plc-smin-given-overweight-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a GBX 13.55 ($0.17) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.85%. In other news, insider Chris O’Shea purchased 4,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 1,630 ($21.05) per share, for a total transaction of £73,350 ($94,706.26). About Smiths Group plc Smiths Group plc is a technology company. The Company operates in five divisions: John Crane, Smiths Medical, Smiths Detection, Smiths Interconnect and Flex-Tek. The John Crane division offers mechanical seals, seal support systems, engineered bearings and power transmission couplings, among others. The Smiths Medical division offers infusion systems, vascular access (including safety needles), patient airway and temperature management equipment, and specialty devices in areas of in vitro fertilization, diagnostics and emergency patient transport. Receive News & Ratings for Smiths Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smiths Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi What Deglobalization Means for Companies and Their Markets, Capital, and Talent - Board Leaders to Convene at 2017 WomenCorporateDirectors Global Institute in New York, May 9-11 News provided by WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. 04 May, 2017, 14:46 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- What: WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation (WCD) hosts its annual Global Institute and Visionary Awards Dinner, bringing together more than 200 top women board chairs, board committee chairs, CEOs, and other directors from all over the world. Twitter: @WomenCorpDirs, #WCDboards When:   Pre-Institute Family Business Governance Institute – May 9 Global Institute Daytime sessions – May 10-11 Visionary Awards Dinner – evening of May 10 Where: New York City Theme: "The New Era of Deglobalization: Navigating the Unpredictable" Why: Globalization is being increasingly challenged – and even resisted – around the world. What does this mean for global markets, talent, and capital flows? How are boards guiding their companies amid uncertainty about the very future of globalization? The WCD Global Institute covers these themes, as well as issues around corporate culture and "tone at the top" – where many companies have seen their failures covered widely across traditional and social media. The program also features an in-depth discussion with Alaska Air President and CEO Bradley Tilden and director Marion Blakey (President & CEO, Rolls Royce North America, Inc.), as well as directors and C-suite officers from GE, AT&T, News Corp., The Coca-Cola Company, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays PLC, Intel Capital, Tata Communications, and other top global organizations. Additionally, the Institute will present the new WCD Thought Leadership Commission report, "The Visionary Board at Work: Developing a Culture of Leadership." Created in conjunction with Pearl Meyer, WCD's fourth annual TLC report provides a guide for aligning organizational culture and leadership development with a company's business strategy. In a special pre-Institute day of programming, WCD is hosting its Family Business Governance Institute, designed for women CEOs, directors, and shareholders of family businesses with revenues >$100 million. The Visionary Awards will honor Alaska Air, Ecolab, Duchossois Group, and Isabelle Marcoux, chair of the board of Transcontinental, Inc. Media credentials To apply for media credentials to cover this event, please contact Suzanne Oaks Brownstein or Trang Mar of Temin and Company at 212-588-8788 or news@teminandco.com. About the WCD Foundation Global Institute The WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation (WCD) 2017 Global Institute is an unprecedented opportunity for global board directors to share corporate governance and business strategies and to build partnerships with a purpose, in a private, invitation-only setting. The Institute is a high-powered idea forum exploring compelling issues on the minds of today's board directors and their companies. Sponsors of WCD, the Global Institute, and the Visionary Awards include: KPMG (Global Institute Lead Sponsor and Global Lead Sponsor); Spencer Stuart (Global Executive Sponsor); Vinson & Elkins (Global Strategic Sponsor); The Coca-Cola Company (Global Institute Leader Sponsor); JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Global Institute Benefactor and Supporting Sponsor); Pearl Meyer (Global Institute Host Sponsor and Strategic Sponsor); Latham & Watkins (Global Institute Host Sponsor and Strategic Sponsor); Henri Bendel (Global Institute Sip and Shop Host Sponsor); Sullivan & Cromwell (Global Institute Host); IFC (Global Institute Supporter); Marriott (Global Institute Supporter); Marsh & McLennan (Global Institute Supporter); The Center for Audit Quality (Global Institute Supporter); and Equilar (Global Institute Sponsor). Additional speakers at the Institute include: Anu Aiyengar (United States), Head of Mergers & Acquisitions (North America) Investment Banking, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; WCD member Vinod Kumar (India), Managing Director and Group CEO, Tata Communications; Director, Human Capital Leadership Group Julianne Canavaggio (Panama), Head of Central America & Caribbean, Lazard; Director, Conservatorio and Inversiones Malemar; WCD member Trina Van Pelt (United States), Vice President, Intel Capital; Managing Director of Internet of Things (IoT) and Autonomous Driving Groups Marina Brogi (Italy), Director of Luxottica Group and Salini Impregilo; Full Professor of International Banking and Capital Markets, Sapienza University; WCD Family Business Co-Chair, WCD chapter chair, and Advisory Board member Laurie Ann Goldman (United States), Director, ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. and Francesca's Holding Corporation; WCD member Joyce M. Roché (United States), Director, AT&T, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., Macy's, Inc., and Tupperware Brands Corporation; WCD member Aliza Knox (Singapore), COO Unlockd; Non-Executive Director, Scentre Group, Singapore Post; Advisor, ANZ Bank Board Tech Subcommittee; WCD member Phyllis Campbell (United States), Chairman, Pacific Northwest, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Lead Director, Alaska Air Group; WCD member, WCD Advisory Board member and Asia Pacific chair Jan Babiak (United States), Director, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and Bank of Montreal; WCD chapter chair Eunice Nyala (Kenya), CEO, Etiquette Xllent Co.; Business Advisor, Goldman Sachs 10K Women Program; Board Member, Kenya Association of Women Business Owners; WCD Kenya Chapter, Member Sponsorship Committee; WCD member   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/what-deglobalization-means-for-companies-and-their-markets-capital-and-talent--board-leaders-to-convene-at-2017-womencorporatedirectors-global-institute-in-new-york-may-9-11-300451816.html SOURCE WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. Related Links https://www.womencorporatedirectors.org/ 27 Apr, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Global Disruption and the Boardroom - 2017 WomenCorporateDirectors Global Institute Tackles "The New Era of Deglobalization" My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 22 Mar, 2017, 14:11 ET Global Disruption and the Boardroom - 2017... 22 Mar, 2017, 14:11 ET Michelle Bachelet, presidenta de Chile, pronunciará discurso ante... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Economic News, Trends, Analysis You just read: What Deglobalization Means for Companies and Their Markets, Capital, and Talent - Board Leaders to Convene at 2017 WomenCorporateDirectors Global Institute in New York, May 9-11 News provided by WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. 04 May, 2017, 14:46 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
BREAKING NEWS: Civilian killed, 18 injured in Afghan forces firing in Chaman … Oil sales remain optimistic … Rabi season sees high urea off-take … Can we run with the bulls? … Pak-Iran trade … There is no representation of exporters on any forum to discuss industry issues, argues President Sialkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry … Tennis: Chung too good for me says beaten Monfils … ECB ready to study own money market index as Euribor revamp fails … Brazilian currency, stocks down on political concerns … Trump, Colombia's Santos to meet May 18 at White House … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Business & Finance » Banking & Finance » JPMorgan taps Resegue to head Latin America equity trading Banking & Finance JPMorgan taps Resegue to head Latin America equity trading Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui May 4th, 2017 23:45 0   SAO PAULO: JPMorgan Chase & Co has tapped Fabio Resegue to head its Latin America equity trading, as the largest US bank expands activities in a segment poised for a recovery, a person briefed on the matter said on Thursday. Resegue will join JPMorgan in July and be based in S?o Paulo, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter remains private. Resegue, who will be responsible for cash and derivatives trading activities, will report to Fater Belbachir, head of volatility trading; Chris Berthe and Charles Chiang, co-heads of Delta One, and; Dennis Fitzgerald, head of cash equity trading. He joins from rival Bank of America Merrill Lynch, where he has worked since 1997. Resegue most recently was a managing director in charge of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Latin America equities distribution and international sales trading. Rising commodity prices and a gradual recovery in the region's economies are fanning the allure of Latin American equities and bonds. Brazil's stock exchange has seen nearly 4 billion reais ($1.3 billion) in foreign inflows so far this year, underscoring investors' continued interest following last year's rally. A spokeswoman for JPMorgan declined to comment on Resegue's appointment. Efforts to contact Resegue were not immediately successful. His hiring would come weeks after JP Morgan's Brazil sales trading team poached Leonard Linnet from Sao Paulo-based Grupo BTG Pactual SA.     Copyright Reuters, 2017    Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous GM says ratings agency info accurate after Greenlight posts term sheets Next UK's Hammond warns moving clearing out of UK carries risks Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 05, 2:41 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology The Most Popular Banking Mobile Apps In The US Are Growing In Users By John Maxfield On 05/04/17 AT 2:30 PM Close This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool. One area where Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) has emerged as a leader is in the mobile banking space. As of the first quarter of this year, 22.2 million customers of the nation's second largest bank by assets were active users of its mobile banking app. This is an impressive number when you consider that mobile banking is still relatively new. In 2013, only 12.6 million people actively used Bank of America's mobile app. That has since grown by 76%. Read: Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert To be fair, Bank of America doesn't have the top banking app when it comes to the number of users. That distinction goes to JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) , which also happens to be the nation's biggest bank by assets. At the end of the first quarter, JPMorgan Chase had 27.3 million active users of its app. Rounding out the top three consumer banks, Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) came in at 20.3 million active mobile users. The upward trend in Bank of America's digital customers is important for two reasons. First, new generations of bank customers expect a slick and efficient way to bank on their smartphones. Mobile banking apps are thus necessary to attract and retain these customers. Read: This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 Additionally, serving customers through digital banking channels -- both online and through a mobile app -- is more efficient for banks, costing them a tenth as much as teller-assisted transactions. This is why Bank of America's progress on the mobile banking front is so important. Mobile devices accounted for one out of every five deposit transactions at Bank of America in the first quarter, said Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan. That represents the volume of nearly 1,000 financial centers. Digital devices are now responsible for 22% of Bank of America's total sales. This helps explain why Bank of America has been able to trim its branch count so significantly over the past decade, shuttering approximately 1,500 locations since the beginning of 2009 alone. It also sheds light on why the North Carolina-based bank expects to soon meet its profitability and efficiency targets, which, at least in the case of profitability, could happen by the end of this year. Read: 7 of 8 People Are Clueless About This Trillion-Dollar Market Suffice it to say, this is an area current and prospective investors in Bank of America will want to continue watching closely. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Related Stories Mobile Game Apps: North Americans Spend More Than Europeans and Asians Lookout Mobile App Introduces Breach Alerts And Identity Protection To Help Keep Personal Data Safe From Theft Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Bank Of America Earnings Could Climb As Interest Rates Grow Higher The Federal Reserve's decision to raise rates may translate into $600 million in additional net interest income each quarter this year. Technology A Photo Of A Baby Holding An IUD Is Going Viral Even the most reliable birth control doesn’t prevent pregnancy 100 percent of the time. World World’s Largest X-Ray Laser Fires Up The European X-ray free electron laser will officially open early September, but it produced its first X-ray laser light this week. National First Daughters Who Played A Role In The White House Ivanka Trump is the only first daughter who has been allotted an office in the White House. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan taps Resegue to head Latin America equity trading -source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu May 4, 2017 | 12:43pm EDT JPMorgan taps Resegue to head Latin America equity trading -source By Guillermo Parra-Bernal | SAO PAULO SAO PAULO May 4 JPMorgan Chase & Co has tapped Fabio Resegue to head its Latin America equity trading, as the largest U.S. bank expands activities in a segment poised for a recovery, a person briefed on the matter said on Thursday. Resegue will join JPMorgan in July and be based in São Paulo, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter remains private. Resegue, who will be responsible for cash and derivatives trading activities, will report to Fater Belbachir, head of volatility trading; Chris Berthe and Charles Chiang, co-heads of Delta One, and; Dennis Fitzgerald, head of cash equity trading. He joins from rival Bank of America Merrill Lynch, where he has worked since 1997. Resegue most recently was a managing director in charge of Bank of America Merrill Lynch's Latin America equities distribution and international sales trading. Rising commodity prices and a gradual recovery in the region's economies are fanning the allure of Latin American equities and bonds. Brazil's stock exchange has seen nearly 4 billion reais ($1.3 billion) in foreign inflows so far this year, underscoring investors' continued interest following last year's rally. A spokeswoman for JPMorgan declined to comment on Resegue's appointment. Efforts to contact Resegue were not immediately successful. His hiring would come weeks after JP Morgan's Brazil sales trading team poached Leonard Linnet from São Paulo-based Grupo BTG Pactual SA. ($1 = 3.1874 reais) (Additional reporting by Bruno Federowski in São Paulo; Editing by Paul Simao) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on May 5 May 5 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 14-16 points on Friday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.2 percent ahead of the cash market open. UPDATE 1-Pearson launches new cost-cutting drive, may sell K12 business LONDON, May 5 Pearson, the global education company battling a downturn in its biggest markets, said it would cut more costs and consider selling its U.S. school courseware business in the latest attempt to restructure. BRIEF-Cadila Healthcare's Zydus gets final U.S. FDA nod for budesonide capsules * Says Zydus received final approval from USFDA for budesonide capsules MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for WellCare Health Plans (WCG) Federal Signal (FSS) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes $596.78 Million in Sales Expected for Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) This Quarter Habit Restaurants Inc (HABT) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.31 Billion Esterline Technologies Co. (ESL) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $490.49 Million $410,000.00 in Sales Expected for Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) This Quarter Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for United States Steel (X) Western Digital Corp (WDC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $4.73 Billion Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Issues Earnings Results Mobileye NV Target of Unusually High Options Trading (MBLY) Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Given New $188.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Entergy Co. (ETR) PT Lowered to $76.00 at Mizuho Deutsche Bank AG Cuts C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Price Target to $75.00 Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Earns Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Has $666,000 Position in BB&T Co. (BBT) Northeast Investment Management Decreases Stake in Clorox Co (CLX) Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Lowers Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for United States Steel (X) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of United States Steel (NYSE: X) recently: 5/4/2017 – United States Steel had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $24.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $35.00. 5/3/2017 – United States Steel had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Axiom Securities. 5/3/2017 – United States Steel had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $29.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $50.00. 5/1/2017 – United States Steel had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $46.00 price target on the stock. 5/1/2017 – United States Steel had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a $34.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $48.00. 4/28/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Macquarie from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating. They now have a $18.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $30.00. 4/27/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $45.00. 4/26/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Bank of America Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating. 4/26/2017 – United States Steel had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $50.00 price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Macquarie from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $23.00. 4/24/2017 – United States Steel had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $40.00 price target on the stock. 4/12/2017 – United States Steel is now covered by analysts at Longbow Research. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/11/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $38.38 price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – United States Steel had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $60.00 price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – United States Steel had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $45.00 to $50.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $38.76 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – United States Steel had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $46.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $39.00. 3/21/2017 – United States Steel had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from $40.00 to $45.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/20/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $36.38 price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – United States Steel had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Axiom Securities. 3/14/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating. They now have a $31.33 price target on the stock. 3/13/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating. They now have a $31.06 price target on the stock. Shares of United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) traded down 1.17% on Thursday, reaching $21.12. 10,207,935 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $3.69 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $31.13 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.76. United States Steel Co. has a one year low of $12.77 and a one year high of $41.83. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $1.18. The firm had revenue of $2.73 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.91 billion. United States Steel had a negative return on equity of 11.36% and a negative net margin of 4.29%. The firm’s revenue was up 16.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned ($2.15) earnings per share. Analysts expect that United States Steel Co. will post $1.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be issued a dividend of $0.05 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 8th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.94%. United States Steel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -6.83%. United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northrop Grumman Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Has $666,000 Position in BB&T Co. (BBT) Northeast Investment Management Decreases Stake in Clorox Co (CLX) Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Lowers Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Oakwood Capital Management LLC CA Acquires Shares of 30,443 Aetna Inc (AET) First Western Capital Management Co Sells 5,184 Shares of American Tower Corp (AMT) Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Stake Cut by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Shares Sold by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Increases Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Parsec Financial Management Inc. Increases Stake in BB&T Co. (BBT) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Maintains Position in Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Decreased by Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Has $1,679,000 Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Shares Sold by First Western Capital Management Co Everett Harris & Co. CA Has $21 Million Position in Novartis AG (NVS) Cable One Inc (CABO) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $1.50 Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Kraton Corp (KRA) Boosted by SunTrust Banks Imperial Capital Comments on SkyWest, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SKYW) Donna T. Rutland Sells 4,627 Shares of First Bancshares Inc (FBMS) Stock SL Green Realty Corp (SLG) Earns News Impact Score of 0.17 Insider Selling: Power Integrations Inc (POWI) VP Sells $140,000.00 in Stock Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Has $1,679,000 Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ continued to hold its position in shares of Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 7,061 shares of the aerospace company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ’s holdings in Northrop Grumman were worth $1,679,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of NOC. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Northrop Grumman by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 19,928,687 shares of the aerospace company’s stock valued at $4,635,011,000 after buying an additional 98,951 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of Northrop Grumman by 42.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,786,442 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $1,810,970,000 after buying an additional 2,307,519 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Northrop Grumman by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Northrop Grumman by 12.0% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 1,987,382 shares of the aerospace company’s stock worth $462,225,000 after buying an additional 212,635 shares during the last quarter. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new position in shares of Northrop Grumman during the fourth quarter worth about $195,206,000. Institutional investors own 81.81% of the company’s stock. Shares of Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC) traded down 0.47% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $244.36. The stock had a trading volume of 243,208 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $241.66 and its 200-day moving average price is $237.68. Northrop Grumman Co. has a 12-month low of $206.69 and a 12-month high of $253.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $42.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.12 and a beta of 0.69. Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aerospace company reported $3.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.90 by $0.73. The firm earned $6.27 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.15 billion. Northrop Grumman had a return on equity of 35.74% and a net margin of 8.98%. The company’s revenue was up 5.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $3.03 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Northrop Grumman Co. will post $12.35 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/supplemental-annuity-collective-trust-of-nj-has-1679000-stake-in-northrop-grumman-co-noc.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on NOC. Vetr upgraded Northrop Grumman from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $253.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on Northrop Grumman in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $268.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Northrop Grumman from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $270.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $243.00 target price on shares of Northrop Grumman in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Citigroup Inc cut Northrop Grumman from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $253.80 to $185.08 in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Northrop Grumman has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $247.21. In other news, VP Patrick M. Antkowiak sold 207 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $242.11, for a total transaction of $50,116.77. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 6,238 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,510,282.18. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP Christopher T. Jones sold 240 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $237.58, for a total transaction of $57,019.20. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 61,686 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,655,359.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 538 shares of company stock valued at $129,886. Corporate insiders own 0.90% of the company’s stock. About Northrop Grumman Northrop Grumman Corporation is a global security company. The Company provides products, systems and solutions in autonomous systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike, and logistics and modernization. The Company’s segments include Aerospace Systems, Mission Systems and Technology Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC). Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Dimon's Folly on Tax Cuts Hints at Market Shift By Stephen Gandel Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Markets Stephen Gandel Stephen Gandel is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering equity markets. He was previously a deputy digital editor for Fortune and an economics blogger at Time. He has also covered finance and the housing market. Facebook Twitter Email Print Share May 4, 2017 11:11 AM EDT Jamie Dimon, the CEO of the nation's largest bank, JPMorgan Chase & Co., has turned out to be no Donald Trump lap dog. He joined the president's CEO advisory council, but he's also reportedly challenged the president as well. He told Trump in a meeting with other business leaders that he didn't think China was a currency manipulator, which had been one of Trump's more persistent campaign talking points. Earlier this year, though, at JPMorgan's annual investor day, Dimon gave a full-throated defense of Trump's expected corporate tax cut proposal. Dimon said it wasn't about boosting corporate bottom lines or the profits of banks like his. Instead, the corporate tax cut was needed for American workers. "It about capitalism," Dimon said. "Lower taxes are not going to mean that businesses are going to have forever higher profits. It's going to go somewhere. And though it sounds counterintuitive, studies show that the thing that is impacted the most from lower corporate tax rates will be wages." Dimon reiterated the argument in more detail in his annual letter to shareholders. Higher for Longer Profit margin of the S&P 500 by decade Source: Bloomberg But a piece out this week from a prominent investor suggests that while Dimon may have been right in the past, a significant shift most likely means that benefits of corporate tax cuts won't be all that diffuse this time around. The investor, Jeremy Grantham, co-founder and chief investment officer of GMO, argued in his quarterly letter to shareholders that this shift has significant implications for investors and the stock market. In the letter, Grantham acknowledges that while "this time is different" logic can be dangerous, assuming "that things are never different" can be ruinous as well. Dimon's argument is Econ 101. In a free market, excess profits should be competed away, either through higher costs or pricing pressure. One of those rising costs is likely to be wages. And in his annual letter, Dimon cites a study by conservative economist and co-author of the Dow 36,000 prediction, Kevin Hassett, which found that a $1 increase in corporate taxes leads to as much as a $4 drop in wages. But Grantham contends recent data suggests that's not how things have been working. Excess profits have not been competed away. The opposite has been true. Corporate profit margins are near historic highs and have been for a while. By GMO's data, return on sales has been above 8 percent for most of the past six years and as high as 10 percent. It used to average 5 percent. A factor of that has been what has been dubbed the current wageless recovery. Return on Sales for Last Six Years +8% Grantham cites a number of reasons for this. Globalization has given brands, particularly American brands, a wider reach and more power. Consolidation has made companies both more dominate in the marketplace and in Washington, getting more of what they want. And paradoxically, Grantham says, even when corporations and their lobbyists have lost, it has still worked in their favor. Regulations meant to protect consumers have actually made it harder for smaller firms to compete and easier for large established firms to hold on to their market share. All of those reasons suggest that excess profits from lower taxes or another source aren't likely to be quickly siphoned away, to workers or consumers or elsewhere. Up and to the Right The performance of the stock market has confounded bears Source: Bloomberg Grantham subtly admits the sustained trend toward higher profit margins, and the reasons for it, is something he missed as well and why he has been so wrong for most of the current bull market. For much of the past three years, Grantham has been ringing the warning bell about the stock market, saying it's overvalued and in a bubble. He had been solidly in the camp that profit margins will revert to the mean and take the stock market's higher-than-average valuation down along with it. In mid-2015, he said the market was ripe for a sharp decline in 2016. But about six months ago, Grantham changed his tune. In the latest quarterly letter, Grantham says profit margins should actually improve this year and next. Oil prices seem to have bottomed and the low profits in the energy business for the past two years creates an easy base for improvement. Trump's tax cut, if enacted, will help as well. But at the very least, Trump will be chipping away at regulation, which will most likely bolster profitability as well. And as long as profit margins remain high, Grantham says, there is no reason to expect a fall in the market. Grantham calls the odds of a significant decline in the near future "quite low," which is pretty bullish for an investor who has at times preferred timber to stocks and has been called "famously bearish." Let's hope Grantham has picked the right time to be different. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Stephen Gandel in New York at sgandel2@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net TDK shares, YTD -11.7% Sweet Victory When You Lose Apple, Make Lemonade Tech Tim Culpan flighty customers China's Inc.'s Tax With Wings Industrials David Fickling Key Oil Price Level Under Threat $50 A Barrel Faithless OPEC's Crisis Of Confidence Energy Liam Denning Call It a Comeback? Call It a Comeback? At this point in 2016, only one technology company had held an IPO on U.S. stock exchanges. So far in 2017, there have been nine. Source: Bloomberg Note: Figures exclude IPOs that raised less than $5 million. Endangered Species Bubble Quietly Burst for Overvalued Unicorns Tech Shira Ovide Number of People Who Could Lose Insurance Under AHCA 24 Million Premature Doomsday Preparation Obamacare Is Still Not Dead Yet Health Max Nisen It's That Time Again It's That Time Again Berkshire Hathaway is sitting on a record amount of cash, which could mean its largest acquisition yet is right around the corner Source: Bloomberg Crunching the Numbers Warren Buffett's Wish List Deals Tara Lachapelle No Worries No Worries Facebook's rate of sales growth is slowing but it remains a powerful, irreplaceable advertising outlet Source: Zenith Media, company reports The Q1 2017 figure is compared to the same quarter a year earlier It All Ads Up Mark Zuckerberg Is Killing It Tech Leila Abboud Oil Show You Oil Show You Shell and BP have underperformed this year as the oil price has softened Source: Bloomberg Crude Effort Shell's Big Oil Squeeze Chris Hughes Road to Nowhere Road to Nowhere AllianceBernstein's stock price ended where it began during the Peter Kraus era Source: Bloomberg Hard Truth AXA Kills the Messenger Markets Nir Kaissar Out in Front Out in Front Adidas had the fastest growth of the sporting apparel makers Source: Company Reports, Bloomberg Intelligence null Adidas Has Hot Stuff, Needs Long Game Consumer Andrea Felsted Hope Springs Eternal Hope Springs Eternal ICICI Bank shares jumped on the government's latest bad-loan plan, even though the lender said its soured credit rose to $6.6 billion Source: Bloomberg Intraday times in ET. A plug for banks Hang On, ICICI, the Plumber's Coming Finance Andy Mukherjee HSBC 1Q adjusted pretax profit $5.94 billion Spread the Love HSBC's Money In, Money Out Concept Needs Work Finance Nisha Gopalan Black Beauty Black Beauty BHP's petroleum business accounts for more than a fifth of its underlying Ebitda Source: Company reports Note: 2016 calendar year figures. solid reasoning Elliott's Good Idea for BHP Commodities David Fickling Tomorrow Never Dies Tesla Has An Oracle But Consider Delphi Autos Liam Denning Continuing Slump Continuing Slump Puerto Rico's economy has been contracting for years as it boosted its debt Source: World Bank Group Island Flopping Puerto Rico Drops Hammer on Creditors Markets Lisa Abramowicz They're In They're In Global investors including pension funds intend to allocate varied sums to private equity in the next 12 months. Some of the largest U.S. ones should consider a revamp Source: Preqin Pay Day Pension Funds Need to Give to Get Finance Gillian Tan Earned and Burned Earned and Burned Dissapointing Pfizer earnings hurt the company's shares this week Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Pfight the Pfear Pfizer Must Learn to Live With Uncertainty Health Max Nisen Bite Me This Diamondback Should Rattle OPEC Energy Liam Denning Big Flows Big Flows Investors have been piling into ETFs at an accelerating pace Source: Bloomberg Pump Up the Volume Now Everyone Can Be Quadruple-Leveraged Day Traders Finance Lisa Abramowicz Thinking Bigger Thinking Bigger CME and ICE, whose stocks have both doubled in the past year, could reconsider a merger given that President Trump's pick for antitrust cop is perceived as more open to big tie-ups Source: Bloomberg Exchange Place This Market Megamerger May Only Be on ICE Deals Tara Lachapelle Not So Yummy Not So Yummy Yum! Brands has under-performed the overall market since an activist campaign began in May 2015 Source: Bloomberg Nacho Problem Don't Fall Into Taco Bell's Food Coma Consumer Shelly Banjo Decline in Buybacks in 2017 23% to 30%  Resistance Is Futile Buybacks Are a Hard Habit to Break Stephen Gandel Adjusting the Set Adjusting the Set Adam Crozier helped turn ITV around Source: Bloomberg ITV's New Player Wanted for TV: Someone Who Really Gets Snapchat Media Leila Abboud Not Convinced Not Convinced On average, Wall Street analysts don't envisage a major SeaWorld turnaround that will enable it to bounce back to $23, the price Blackstone fetched for its stake Source: Bloomberg Making a Splash Seeing Value In SeaWorld Entertainment Gillian Tan
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 22 Million People Use Bank of America's Mobile App That ranks Bank of America behind only one other bank when it comes to active users of a banking app. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 4, 2017 at 11:47AM One area where Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) has emerged as a leader is in the mobile banking space. As of the first quarter of this year, 22.2 million customers of the nation's second largest bank by assets were active users of its mobile banking app. This is an impressive number when you consider that mobile banking is still relatively new. In 2013, only 12.6 million people actively used Bank of America's mobile app. That has since grown by 76%. Data source: Bank of America. Chart by author. To be fair, Bank of America doesn't have the top banking app when it comes to the number of users. That distinction goes to JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), which also happens to be the nation's biggest bank by assets. At the end of the first quarter, JPMorgan Chase had 27.3 million active users of its app. Rounding out the top three consumer banks, Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) came in at 20.3 million active mobile users. Bank Mobile Banking Active Users Digital Banking Active Users (Online and Mobile) JPMorgan Chase 27.3 million 45.5 million Bank of America 22.2 million 34.5 million Wells Fargo 20.3 million 28.1 million Data source: First-quarter earnings releases. The upward trend in Bank of America's digital customers is important for two reasons. First, new generations of bank customers expect a slick and efficient way to bank on their smartphones. Mobile banking apps are thus necessary to attract and retain these customers. Additionally, serving customers through digital banking channels -- both online and through a mobile app -- is more efficient for banks, costing them a tenth as much as teller-assisted transactions. This is why Bank of America's progress on the mobile banking front is so important. Mobile devices accounted for one out of every five deposit transactions at Bank of America in the first quarter, said Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan. That represents the volume of nearly 1,000 financial centers. Digital devices are now responsible for 22% of Bank of America's total sales. Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan. Image source: Bank of America. This helps explain why Bank of America has been able to trim its branch count so significantly over the past decade, shuttering approximately 1,500 locations since the beginning of 2009 alone. It also sheds light on why the North Carolina-based bank expects to soon meet its profitability and efficiency targets, which, at least in the case of profitability, could happen by the end of this year. Suffice it to say, this is an area current and prospective investors in Bank of America will want to continue watching closely. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 4, 2017 at 11:47AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.85 up $0.08 (0.34%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.10 up $0.10 (0.11%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.18 up $0.33 (0.60%) Read More An Important Insight About Bank of America This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report This Chart Reveals How Bank Stocks Are Valued Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 22 Million People Use Bank of America's Mobile App @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Joshua v Klitschko Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Business Evening Standard Business Awards: Sir Martin Sorrell, Nick Varney and more to decide our business honours Thursday 4 May 2017 20:30 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard WPP's Sir Martin Sorrell joins EasyJet boss Dame Carolyn McCall and HSBC UK chief Antonio Simoes on our panel Peter Nicholls/Reuters The countdown is on to the Evening Standard’s Business Awards next month. The prestigious ceremony will bring together the City’s finest to celebrate the companies making waves in the capital. Here, we introduce the distinguished panel of judges, made up of high-flyers in every field of business, who will be running the rule over the shortlist to pick the winners. The shortlist will be revealed next week. Vis Raghavan The head of JPMorgan’s investment banking operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa is gearing up to make a success of Brexit and has made it clear that the bank will maintain as large a presence in London as possible. Cricket-loving Raghavan leads one of the City’s most prolific teams of rainmakers and has fingerprints on almost every deal that happens in the Square Mile. Sir Martin Sorrell The man who heads the world’s biggest advertising company is never without an opinion and is not shy of sharing it. With a presence in 112 countries and 205,000 staff around the world, Sir Martin has unrivalled knowledge of markets and the current strengths and weaknesses of the world’s biggest brands. No stranger to controversy – not least over his astronomical pay packet, recently cut by almost a third – he has unparalleled experience and clients in every sector, making him the perfect judge of London’s best businesses and their leaders. Jayne-Anne Gadhia One of the country’s best-known businesswomen, Gadhia is chief executive of challenger bank Virgin Money. She has been working hard to counter a prevailing City culture that holds back women from reaching the top and says that her “sheer bloody-mindedness” helped her reach her current position. As someone who has first-hand knowledge of what it takes to grow a business both organically and through acquisitions, she will make a discerning judge. Sir Ian Cheshire There is not much that Sir Ian Cheshire cannot tell you about British business. The newly installed chairman of Barclays UK bank was chief executive of DIY retailer B&Q and then-owner Kingfisher from 2005 to 2015. He is also chairman of department stores chain Debenhams, which he is modernising apace. Before Kingfisher, Cheshire worked for a series of large and small retail business, including US store chain Sears. Known for his commitment to  protecting the environment and  businesses in the community,  Cheshire is aware of the role of responsible capitalism. Darren Westlake The co-founder and chief executive of Crowdcube, Westlake is one of the most influential people in the emerging fintech sector. Crowdcube is the world’s first, largest and most active investment crowdfunding platform and has helped more than 450 businesses raise over £200 million since it was founded in 2011. He’s a seasoned  entrepreneur as well as an investor and knows London’s vibrant tech scene inside out.  Nick Varney The boss of Merlin Entertainments, which owns and operates some of the world’s most famous visitor attractions including Madame Tussauds and the London Eye (pictured), has over 24 years’ experience in the leisure industry. Varney won praise for his swift and humble handling of the Alton Towers Smiler rollercoaster accident, which left two people with life-changing injuries and exposed the company to a £5 million fine for health and safety failings. In the last decade, he has overseen a global expansion of Merlin Entertainments’ most successful theme parks and is now adding more hotels to its estate. As someone who successfully exports some of London’s best known brands around the world, Varney is wellqualified to judge the capital’s leading business gongs. Stacey Cartwright The chief executive of Harvey Nichols arrived in 2014, fresh from her role as chief financial officer of Burberry. Since she joined the iconic Knightsbridge-based group she has been rejuvenating the brand, accelerating its digital presence and opening a new store in Birmingham, all while overseeing a major transformation of the Knightsbridge flagship. Cartwright also has wider business experience having worked at Granada, Egg and been on the boards of Liverpool FC and GlaxoSmithKline. Sir Ian Powell Chairman of the outsourcing company Capita since the start of this year, the former chairman and senior partner at PWC leads a company that touches almost every Londoner’s life, providing services from collecting the BBC’s licence fee to running payroll for many organisations, including parts of the NHS. While he was in charge at PwC, he led a push to increase diversity at the Big Four accountant and even published analyses of its gender pay gap.  Antonio Simoes The chief executive of HSBC’s UK bank, Simoes also has responsibility for continental Europe. The Portuguese banker has been living and working in the UK for many years, having joined HSBC from McKinsey. Simoes is openly gay and has spoken about how this has helped him in his career ascent. He has been a rising star since he joined HSBC 10 years ago, so no wonder some are tipping him for the top job at the bank when Stuart Gulliver steps down next year. Anya Hindmarch From her “I’m not a PLASTIC bag” canvas tote to her classic Ebury, Anya Hindmarch’s handbags are some of the most recognisable and popular in the capital. The designer started her luxury accessories business in London when she was just 19 and has since grown a global brand with over 45 stores. A passionate advocate of British design, Anya is also a UK trade ambassador. Dame Carolyn McCall The former Guardian Media Group chief executive has been piloting easyJet for almost seven years and this last year has been one of the most testing. She has steered the airline through terrorist attacks, a government ban on flights to Egypt and the Brexit referendum, which sent easyJet’s share price down a third. As the airline prepares to open a European base and takes delivery of new aircraft for the summer peak, she has revealed that she spends a quarter of her time talking to customers and staff. With broad business experience, she has also been a non-executive director on the boards of Lloyds TSB, Tesco and New Look. She was awarded France’s highest merit, the Legion d’Honneur in 2016 and sits on the Royal Academy’s Corporate Board. She has been a non-executive director of Burberry since 2014 and, at the start of this year, she joined the board of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy as a nonexecutive director. She scooped the personality of the year award at last year’s Evening StandardBusiness Awards ceremony. Sacha Romanovitch Grant Thornton’s boss since 2015, Romanovitch was the first woman to reach the top of a global accountancy business and has been shaking things up ever since. She has capped her own pay at 20 times the staff average and introduced a John Lewis-style profit share for the 4500 staff. She is dedicated to understanding the big picture and wants businesses to take a longer term view. Her latest mission is to encourage businesses to work together to create a vibrant economy. The Evening Standard Business Awards, in association with HSBC, will be held at Banqueting House, Whitehall, on June 29. For more information, visit: standard.co.uk/businessawards More about: Evening Standard Business Awards Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Pence at Cinco de Mayo party: Trump has made Latinos 'a priority' Blog Briefing Room — 2h 24m ago Schiff: Yates testimony could come within 'weeks' House — 3h 17m ago Ex-Fox chief Ailes hired private investigator to discredit accusers: report Blog Briefing Room — 4h 19m ago Freedom Caucus working on tax reform plan: report Finance — 4h 31m ago Trump touts 'tremendous' Australian alliance after 'testy' call Administration — 4h 51m ago Sanders to Trump: 'We'll quote you' on support for universal healthcare Blog Briefing Room — 5h 35m ago Trump: Australia has better healthcare system than US Blog Briefing Room — 5h 51m ago Trump: GOP healthcare bill 'could change a little bit' Administration — 6h 16m ago view all   How we can use apprenticeships to fill jobs and boost the economy By Sarah Steinberg, opinion contributor - 05/04/17 08:20 AM EDT 15   When Americans hear the term “apprentice,” they probably don’t picture a young woman installing and configuring hardware and software, training end users in a new computer system, or conducting complex cost-benefit analyses of emerging technologies with an eye towards improving the company’s productively. They almost certainly don’t picture her doing all this at — of all places — a bank. But this is exactly what JPMorgan Chase’s new class of technology apprentices is doing at the firm’s technology hub in Houston, Texas. While the concept of apprenticeship — paid work experience that incorporates both on-the-job and classroom-based learning — has been around for centuries, it is only in recent years that American companies have started to embrace the model in occupations and sectors outside of the traditional skilled trades. ADVERTISEMENT It makes sense. After all, at the same time that many Americans are struggling to gain a foothold in the job market, employers still need to hire workers. And some of the fastest-growing, most exciting occupations happen to be well suited to learning through an apprenticeship typically because they require a good amount of structured on-the-job training in addition to specialized technical education.   Think of skilled professionals like medical coders, database administrators, and computer numerical control (CNC) machinists. By hiring workers as apprentices, employers benefit by building a pipeline of workers with the right skills to grow the businesses and keep pace as their industry advances. Companies are finding that apprenticeship pays off in other ways too. For example, Dartmouth-Hitchcock in Lebanon, New Hampshire, turned to apprenticeship several years ago as part of a major expansion and reorganization of its provision of medical services. An analysis of Dartmouth-Hitchcock’s resulting medical assistant apprenticeship program found that it nearly paid for itself within the first year, primarily through reduced overtime costs and increased revenue from medical appointment bookings. Moreover, the hospital system was able to reduce staff burnout and turnover by decreasing long term reliance on overtime. For workers, the benefits of apprenticeship may be even clearer. At a time when young people and their parents are more cognizant than ever of the rising cost of higher education, apprenticeship offers the opportunity to get paid to gain in-demand skills and education. The average starting salary for an apprentice in the United States is $50,000 — and apprentices have been shown to earn more than $300,000 over the course of their career than comparable workers. Moreover, because many apprenticeship programs now incorporate industry-recognized credentials and college credit, apprentices can go on to earn an associate’s degree, bachelor’s degree, or higher. To be sure, the US still has a long way to go to establish the kind of robust system that works so well in a country like Germany — where the apprenticeship system is credited with producing one of the lowest youth unemployment rates in the world — or Switzerland — where 70 percent of high school students enter the labor market through an apprenticeship. In fact, we still have only around 500,000 apprentices, compared with Germany’s nearly 1.5 million. While there is room to grow, there is also historic bipartisan support for apprenticeship. Congress recognized the potential of this public-private training partnership when it provided $90 million for apprenticeship, the first-ever programmatic funding, in its fiscal year 2016 spending bill. State and federal lawmakers from across the political spectrum are embracing policies to expand the use of apprenticeship — from incorporating apprenticeship into the high school experience to providing tax credits to employers that sponsor apprentices. It is past time for a new model of education and training that meets the needs of our modern economy. As technology advances more quickly than ever, companies in all sectors rely on a pipeline of highly-skilled workers to drive the creation of innovative new products and services. That’s why businesses like JPMorgan Chase are investing in apprenticeship. Policymakers should seize on this growing momentum and come together with business leaders to develop a set of policies that make it easier for companies of all stripes to offer apprenticeships. Working together, we can connect workers to good jobs, strengthen U.S. business competitiveness, and grow our economy. Sarah Steinberg is vice president of global philanthropy at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags economy Business Apprentice Jobs Technology   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 George Will: Trump disabled by... Political commentator George Will in his latest column blasts President... 306 Shares 2 Congressional exemption from GOP... As Republicans rush to vote on their latest ObamaCare repeal-and-replace... 263 Shares 3 House passes ObamaCare repeal House Republicans on Thursday passed legislation aimed at repealing and... 250 Shares 4 American Medical Association... The nation's largest doctors group blasted the House Thursday for passing... 215 Shares 5 GOP lawmaker admits not reading '... "I will fully admit, Wolf, I did not, but I can also assure you my staff... 168 Shares 6 Vulnerable Republicans back... Several vulnerable Republican lawmakers joined their party Thursday to... 166 Shares 7 House panel approves GOP Dodd-... The House Financial Services Committee approved a bill Thursday to repeal... 146 Shares 8 Sanders to Trump: 'We'll quote you... "Thank you, Mr. President. We'll quote you on the floor of the Senate." 146 Shares 9 Trump: Australia has better... "[O]ur great gentleman and my friend, from Australia ... you have better... 105 Shares 10 Here are the 20 Republicans who... Twenty mostly centrist House Republicans who represent swing districts... 104 Shares 11 GOP senators: We're doing our own... "The Senate will now finish work on our bill," Sen. Lamar Alexander said. 91 Shares 12 ObamaCare repeal bill could affect... The GOP plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare could remove protections for... 76 Shares 13 Live coverage: Trump, GOP take... The Hill is providing live updates on the House GOP’s efforts to pass a... 72 Shares 14 Sanders: How can you call it '... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Thursday ripped the Republican plan to... 69 Shares 15 Trump eases ban on political... Trump is fulfilling a promise he made to social conservatives during the... 65 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Garmin Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vista Gold Corp. (VGZ) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Windstream Holdings (WIN) Stock Price Western Digital Corp (WDC) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.05 Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Verisign (VRSN) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.24 WhiteHorse Finance (WHF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.14 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Encore Wire (WIRE) Share Price MKM Partners Reaffirms Neutral Rating for ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Price Target to $83.00 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Price Target Raised to $94.00 Packaging Corp Of America’s (PKG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Brokerages Set AGF Management Limited (AGF.B) PT at $6.16 Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Price Target Raised to $45.00 Barclays PLC Cuts KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Price Target to $22.00 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.65 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Receives $34.10 Average Target Price from Analysts FY2017 EPS Estimates for Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc Lifted by William Blair (FIS) Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Lowered to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance Tweet Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) was downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research report issued on Thursday. They presently have a $50.00 price objective on the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock, down from their previous price objective of $55.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 1.33% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on GRMN. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Garmin from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the company from $48.00 to $52.00 in a research report on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Tigress Financial assumed coverage on Garmin in a research report on Tuesday. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Garmin in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Garmin from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $49.38. Shares of Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) traded up 1.32% during trading on Thursday, hitting $51.35. The stock had a trading volume of 231,945 shares. Garmin has a 12 month low of $39.24 and a 12 month high of $56.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $50.68 and its 200 day moving average price is $50.21. The stock has a market cap of $9.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.02 and a beta of 0.86. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $638.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $629.11 million. Garmin had a return on equity of 16.15% and a net margin of 17.24%. Garmin’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.49 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Garmin will post $2.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Lowered to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/garmin-ltd-grmn-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, VP Andrew R. Etkind sold 6,524 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.57, for a total transaction of $356,014.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 18.30% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB increased its position in Garmin by 38.3% in the first quarter. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB now owns 33,576 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $1,716,000 after buying an additional 9,300 shares in the last quarter. Comerica Bank increased its position in Garmin by 5.3% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 49,136 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $2,516,000 after buying an additional 2,489 shares in the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its position in Garmin by 189.5% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 166,212 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $8,495,000 after buying an additional 108,789 shares in the last quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. increased its position in Garmin by 0.8% in the first quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 38,162 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $1,949,000 after buying an additional 313 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new position in Garmin during the first quarter worth about $4,461,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 37.39% of the company’s stock. Garmin Company Profile Garmin Ltd. (Garmin) and subsidiaries offer global positioning system (GPS) navigation and wireless devices and applications. The Company operates through five segments. It offers a range of auto navigation products, as well as a range of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market. It offers products to consumers around the world, including Outdoor Handhelds, Wearable Devices, Golf Devices, and Dog Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Garmin Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Alere Inc. Announces Modifications of Consent Solicitations for Alere Inc.’s Notes WALTHAM, Mass., May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Alere Inc. (NYSE: ALR) (the „Company„) announced today certain modifications to the previously announced consent solicitations relating to the Company’s 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020, 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2023 and 7.250% Senior Notes due 2018 (collectively, the „Notes„). The Company has: (1) modified the amount the Company is offering to pay to each holder of Notes in respect of which such holder validly delivers (and does not revoke) a consent prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) to extend the deadline for delivery of certain financial information and to waive through and until 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 15, 2017 (such time and date, the „Waiver Date„), any default or event of default that occurred, is continuing or may occur under the indentures for the Notes (and its consequences) in connection with any failure to timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC„) or to timely furnish to the relevant trustees pursuant to the indentures, the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the „2016 Form 10-K„), to $17.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the „Consent Fee„) (from $2.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes); and (2) modified the amount the Company is offering to pay to each holder of Notes, in lieu of the Consent Fee, in respect of which such holder validly delivers (and does not revoke) a consent prior to the Expiration Date in the event, at any time prior to the market open on May 8, 2017, we file with the SEC the 2016 Form 10-K and we terminate the consent solicitations, to $10.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the „Consent Termination Fee„) (from $1.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes). Each consent solicitation will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 5, 2017 unless extended or earlier terminated (such time and date, as the same may be extended or earlier terminated with respect to a consent solicitation, the „Expiration Date„). The modifications amend and supplement, and supersede to the extent inconsistent with, the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017 and, to the extent applicable, the consent form and any other related documents. Except as otherwise provided by the modifications, all other terms and provisions of the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017 shall remain in full force and effect, unmodified by the modifications. For a complete statement of the terms and conditions of the consent solicitations, holders of the Notes should refer to the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017, as amended and supplemented, and the related consent form. The conditions to the consent solicitations are for the sole benefit of the Company, and may be waived by the Company at any time as described in the consent solicitation statement. The Company may terminate, extend or amend all, or any, of the consent solicitations at any time. The Company has engaged J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as Solicitation Agent in connection with the consent solicitations. Questions regarding the consent solicitations may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Liability Management Group, at (866) 834-4666 (toll free) or (212) 834-4811/(212) 270-0844 (collect). D.F. King & Co., Inc. is serving as the Information and Tabulation Agent in connection with the consent solicitations. Requests for assistance in delivering consents or for additional copies of the consent solicitation statement should be directed to the Information and Tabulation Agent, Attention: Andrew Beck, at (800) 829-6551 (toll free) or (212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers) (collect). This announcement is not an offer to purchase, a solicitation of an offer to purchase, or a solicitation of consents with respect to any securities, including the Notes. The consent solicitations are being made solely by the consent solicitation statement, as amended and supplemented, and the related consent form and are subject to the terms and conditions stated therein. The consent solicitations are not being made to, and the consents are not being solicited from, holders of Notes in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such consent solicitations or grant such consents. No recommendation is made, or has been authorized to be made, as to whether or not holders of a particular series of Notes should consent to the adoption of the waivers pursuant to the applicable consent solicitation. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the consent solicitation statement or to terminate any or all of the consent solicitations. About Alere Alere believes that when diagnosing and monitoring health conditions, Knowing now matters™. Alere delivers reliable and actionable information through rapid diagnostic tests, resulting in better clinical and economic healthcare outcomes globally. Headquartered in Waltham, Mass., Alere focuses on rapid diagnostics for infectious disease, cardiometabolic disease and toxicology. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Readers can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as „may,” „could,” „should,” „would,” „intend,” „will,” „expect,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „estimate,” „continue,” „goal,” „budget” or similar words. A number of important factors could cause actual results of the Company and its subsidiaries to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, (i) the risk that the review (the „Review”) described in the Company’s (a) Form 12b-25 filed on March 1, 2017 (the „12b-25”), (b) Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2017 (the „March 8-K”) and (c) Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2017 (the „April 8-K”), is not completed in a timely manner; (ii) the possibility that the Review uncovers a misstatement or misstatements in revenue recognition that are greater than the ranges provided in the 12b-25, the March 8-K or the April 8-K, which may be material in amount, or uncovers misstatements with respect to other matters; (iii) the risk that the Review uncovers misstatements that impact total amount of revenue reported; (iv) the risk that the Review will uncover circumstances that require additional material weaknesses in internal control; (v) the risk that these or other risk factors impact the expected timing of the filing of the 2016 Form 10-K; (vi) the risk that our failure to file the 2016 Form 10-K in a timely manner leads to the acceleration of the maturity of certain of our indebtedness; and (vii) the risk factors detailed in Part I, Item 1A, „Risk Factors” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016) and other risk factors identified herein or from time to time in the Company’s periodic filings with the SEC. Readers should carefully review these risk factors, and should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans, goals, and estimates at the date of this document. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alere-inc-announces-modifications-of-consent-solicitations-for-alere-incs-notes-300451365.html SOURCE Alere Inc. Related Links http://www.alere.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Titan Pharmaceuticals Schedules Conference Call To Review First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Canadian Bioceutical Corp (CBICF: OTC Pink Current) | BCC expands into second adult use market Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Alere Inc. Announces Modifications of Consent Solicitations for Alere Inc.’s Notes WALTHAM, Mass., May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Alere Inc. (NYSE: ALR) (the „Company„) announced today certain modifications to the previously announced consent solicitations relating to the Company’s 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020, 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2023 and 7.250% Senior Notes due 2018 (collectively, the „Notes„). The Company has: (1) modified the amount the Company is offering to pay to each holder of Notes in respect of which such holder validly delivers (and does not revoke) a consent prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) to extend the deadline for delivery of certain financial information and to waive through and until 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 15, 2017 (such time and date, the „Waiver Date„), any default or event of default that occurred, is continuing or may occur under the indentures for the Notes (and its consequences) in connection with any failure to timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC„) or to timely furnish to the relevant trustees pursuant to the indentures, the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the „2016 Form 10-K„), to $17.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the „Consent Fee„) (from $2.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes); and (2) modified the amount the Company is offering to pay to each holder of Notes, in lieu of the Consent Fee, in respect of which such holder validly delivers (and does not revoke) a consent prior to the Expiration Date in the event, at any time prior to the market open on May 8, 2017, we file with the SEC the 2016 Form 10-K and we terminate the consent solicitations, to $10.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the „Consent Termination Fee„) (from $1.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes). Each consent solicitation will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 5, 2017 unless extended or earlier terminated (such time and date, as the same may be extended or earlier terminated with respect to a consent solicitation, the „Expiration Date„). The modifications amend and supplement, and supersede to the extent inconsistent with, the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017 and, to the extent applicable, the consent form and any other related documents. Except as otherwise provided by the modifications, all other terms and provisions of the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017 shall remain in full force and effect, unmodified by the modifications. For a complete statement of the terms and conditions of the consent solicitations, holders of the Notes should refer to the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017, as amended and supplemented, and the related consent form. The conditions to the consent solicitations are for the sole benefit of the Company, and may be waived by the Company at any time as described in the consent solicitation statement. The Company may terminate, extend or amend all, or any, of the consent solicitations at any time. The Company has engaged J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as Solicitation Agent in connection with the consent solicitations. Questions regarding the consent solicitations may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Liability Management Group, at (866) 834-4666 (toll free) or (212) 834-4811/(212) 270-0844 (collect). D.F. King & Co., Inc. is serving as the Information and Tabulation Agent in connection with the consent solicitations. Requests for assistance in delivering consents or for additional copies of the consent solicitation statement should be directed to the Information and Tabulation Agent, Attention: Andrew Beck, at (800) 829-6551 (toll free) or (212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers) (collect). This announcement is not an offer to purchase, a solicitation of an offer to purchase, or a solicitation of consents with respect to any securities, including the Notes. The consent solicitations are being made solely by the consent solicitation statement, as amended and supplemented, and the related consent form and are subject to the terms and conditions stated therein. The consent solicitations are not being made to, and the consents are not being solicited from, holders of Notes in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such consent solicitations or grant such consents. No recommendation is made, or has been authorized to be made, as to whether or not holders of a particular series of Notes should consent to the adoption of the waivers pursuant to the applicable consent solicitation. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the consent solicitation statement or to terminate any or all of the consent solicitations. About Alere Alere believes that when diagnosing and monitoring health conditions, Knowing now matters™. Alere delivers reliable and actionable information through rapid diagnostic tests, resulting in better clinical and economic healthcare outcomes globally. Headquartered in Waltham, Mass., Alere focuses on rapid diagnostics for infectious disease, cardiometabolic disease and toxicology. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Readers can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as „may,” „could,” „should,” „would,” „intend,” „will,” „expect,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „estimate,” „continue,” „goal,” „budget” or similar words. A number of important factors could cause actual results of the Company and its subsidiaries to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, (i) the risk that the review (the „Review”) described in the Company’s (a) Form 12b-25 filed on March 1, 2017 (the „12b-25”), (b) Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2017 (the „March 8-K”) and (c) Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2017 (the „April 8-K”), is not completed in a timely manner; (ii) the possibility that the Review uncovers a misstatement or misstatements in revenue recognition that are greater than the ranges provided in the 12b-25, the March 8-K or the April 8-K, which may be material in amount, or uncovers misstatements with respect to other matters; (iii) the risk that the Review uncovers misstatements that impact total amount of revenue reported; (iv) the risk that the Review will uncover circumstances that require additional material weaknesses in internal control; (v) the risk that these or other risk factors impact the expected timing of the filing of the 2016 Form 10-K; (vi) the risk that our failure to file the 2016 Form 10-K in a timely manner leads to the acceleration of the maturity of certain of our indebtedness; and (vii) the risk factors detailed in Part I, Item 1A, „Risk Factors” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016) and other risk factors identified herein or from time to time in the Company’s periodic filings with the SEC. Readers should carefully review these risk factors, and should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans, goals, and estimates at the date of this document. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alere-inc-announces-modifications-of-consent-solicitations-for-alere-incs-notes-300451365.html SOURCE Alere Inc. Related Links http://www.alere.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Titan Pharmaceuticals Schedules Conference Call To Review First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Canadian Bioceutical Corp (CBICF: OTC Pink Current) | BCC expands into second adult use market Search Recent Posts Rolling Stock Traction Transformer Market Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Analysis by 2022 Incubator Market Share by Type, Production, Revenue, Growth by Type & Analysis by Regions 2017-2022 Automotive Glow Plug Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Automotive Control Arm Market Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Analysis by 2022 US Laparoscopic Electrodes Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Applications, Types and Competitors to 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point Add to ... By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti HONG KONG — Reuters Published Thursday, May 04, 2017 5:39AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 04, 2017 5:39AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group <BABA.N>, is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International <MGI.O>, Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group <ANZ.AX>, Citigroup <C.N>, Credit Suisse <CSGN.S>, Goldman Sachs <GS.N>, HSBC <HSBA.L>, Morgan Stanley <MS.N> and JPMorgan <JPM.N>, have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide <EEFT.O> to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of $15.20 per share.  MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   C-NCitigroup Inc Latest Price$60.21 0.00 (0.00%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.10 0.00 (0.00%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$43.28 0.00 (0.00%) EEFT-QEuronet Worldwide Inc Latest Price$84.38 0.00 (0.00%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$226.59 0.00 (0.00%) CS-NCredit Suisse Group AG Latest Price$15.47 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 4 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG Moneygram Euronet Worldwide Inc. Citigroup Inc. United States of America China The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Credit Suisse Group AG Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited Morgan Stanley JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Man believed to be 147 years old laid to rest in Indonesia Arts Alec Baldwin says Trump refused SNL invite News Flashback: The wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip Mountbatten in 1947 Globe Drive Porsche making biggest change to its sports cars in decades, so why mess with success? News Protesters welcome Trump as he returns to New York City News This former steel foundry in China is being turned into a huge Olympic training site Life Head-turning looks from the Met Gala Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Here’s the good news about the housing market right now Life Twin sisters give birth to boys on same day News U.S. House narrowly approves bill to repeal Obamacare Report on Business Money Monitor: How to have less tax taken off your paycheque Sports Real-life Rocky gets film treatment in Chuck ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Streetwise newsletter: Silicon Valley Bank eyes Canada; Home Capital’s looming debt deadline; Callidus’s response to OSC review Arts Calgray impresario John Uren helped give Joni Mitchell her start Most popular May 5: Your daily horoscope ‘I can’t even get a job waitressing’: Gen Y on its work woes Ottawa to pull research chair funding unless diversity issue addressed at universities Judge acquits woman who gave water to pigs headed to slaughter BC NDP Leader Horgan unclear on some issues, unspecific on funding X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News UK services sector surprises with growth pick-up in April - PMI Business Standard China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point Reuters  |  HONG KONG  May 4, 2017 Last Updated at 14:39 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVe08k ALSO READ China's Ant Financial set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point Ant Financial hikes MoneyGram offer by 36 percent to outbid Euronet China's Ant hikes MoneyGram bid by over a third, beats rival U.S. offer Euronet Worldwide trumps Ant Financial's offer to buy MoneyGram Alibaba's Ant Financial buys MoneyGram By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti HONG KONG (Reuters) - China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group, is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International, Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan, have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of $15.20 per share. MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Moneygram | Intl | Ant | Financial | Loans | Hong Kong | China | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point HONG KONG (Reuters) - China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group, is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International, Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti HONG KONG (Reuters) - China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group, is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International, Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan, have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of $15.20 per share. MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti HONG KONG (Reuters) - China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group, is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International, Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan, have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of $15.20 per share. MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading China's Ant set to ink US$3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search China's Ant set to ink US$3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point Advertisement Business China's Ant set to ink US$3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group , is close to signing a US$3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International , Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. A logo of Ant Financial is displayed at an event of the company in Hong Kong, China November 1, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip 04 May 2017 05:40PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail HONG KONG: China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group , is close to signing a US$3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International , Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group , Citigroup , Credit Suisse , Goldman Sachs , HSBC , Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan , have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about US$60 billion after a US$4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. Advertisement Advertisement For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between US$2 billion to US$3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from US$3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to US$18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around US$1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of US$15.20 per share.  MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
05/05/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 04/05/2017 Students clash with police as Venezuela violence rages Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Times cannot be defined by the blood of our people" Gustavo Dudamel Venezuelan conductor World 04/05/2017 Healthcare victory for Trump in House of Representatives Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "A lot of us have been waiting seven years to cast this vote" Paul Ryan Speaker, US House of Representatives Culture 04/05/2017 Back from the Baroque Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I’ve dedicated my professional life, since 1965, to the Baroque world via the music of Marin Marais." Jordi Savall Conductor Business 04/05/2017 Google to pay 306 million euros additional tax to Italy Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Culture 04/05/2017 Alcione: A marvelous interpretation Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Alcione is truly a work that supports the marvelous." Louise Moaty Stage director World 04/05/2017 Jamila: Dead aged 7 as famine takes hold of Yemen Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Half a million children are now acute, severe malnourished" Jan Egeland Norwegian Refugee Council World 04/05/2017 Prince Philip to retire: 'he's done a pretty good job' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I can't stand up much" Prince Philip Duke of Edinburgh Business 04/05/2017 Brexit threat to the City of London Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I would caution people against exaggerating this phenomenon" Jeremy Browne City of London's Special Representative to the EU more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point Aa Aa Now Reading: China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point 04/05/2017 China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point REUTERS 04/05/2017 By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti HONG KONG (Reuters) – China’s Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group, is close to signing a $3.5 billion (2.7 billion pounds) loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International, Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan, have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial’s bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company’s first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China’s most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide to gain approval from MoneyGram’s board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet’s offer last month of $15.20 per share.  MoneyGram’s global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories USA 05/05/2017 Obamacare is 'dead' hails triumphant Trump Israel 05/05/2017 Trump to visit Middle East in first foreign trip Kazakhstan 04/05/2017 Syria's armed opposition rejects Russian 'safe zones' plan Most viewed USA 04/05/2017 Healthcare victory for Trump in House of Representatives View 04/05/2017 How Theresa May took Britons out from Europe France 04/05/2017 Obama backs Macron as candidate files law suit over offshore allegations world news 04/05/2017 Canada orders recall of too-strong Bombay Sapphire gin world news 04/05/2017 The politically-incorrect Prince: The Duke of Edinburgh's best one-liners Editor's choice world news 03/05/2017 Europe's movers and shakers: 'most innovative universities' revealed world news 04/05/2017 EU civil protection stage "real scale" emergency response exercise View 04/05/2017 How Theresa May took Britons out from Europe Flashback: one year ago Syria 05/05/2016 Dozens dead in air strikes on camp for internally displaced in Syria Insight 05/05/2016 Turkey: Erdogan 'expected to tighten grip' Canada 05/05/2016 Canada wildfires spread south, state of emergency in place economy 05/05/2016 Turkish financial markets remain nervous over political turmoil world news 05/05/2016 EU emissions rise revealed just months after COP21 climate deal Editor's choice world news 03/05/2017 Europe's movers and shakers: 'most innovative universities' revealed world news 04/05/2017 EU civil protection stage "real scale" emergency response exercise View 04/05/2017 How Theresa May took Britons out from Europe world news 03/05/2017 Trump poised to pick a fight over religious liberty vs. gay rights Somalia 01/05/2017 Somaliland on the brink of famine, warn NGOs no comment 03/05/2017 Australia: Ginger Pride Rally celebrates beauty of redheads world news 04/05/2017 May the Fourth be with you on Star Wars Day Portugal 28/04/2017 The great photos that summed up our world over the past year world news 04/05/2017 The politically-incorrect Prince: The Duke of Edinburgh's best one-liners Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags United Kingdom USA French presidential election 2017 Marine Le Pen Queen Elizabeth II Emmanuel Macron France Monarchy Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BNP Paribas SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News OceanaGold Co. (OGC) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Scotiabank Martinrea International’s (MRE) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€62.00” Price Target for BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Energen Co. (EGN) Decreased by SunTrust Banks Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) PT Raised to $44.00 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Barclays PLC Increases Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Price Target to $53.00 Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley FBR & Co Comments on Fulton Financial Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FULT) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. Increased by KeyCorp (FR) General Electric Company to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (GE) J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Given Hold Rating at Beaufort Securities Wilmington PLC’s (WIL) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt United Utilities Group PLC (UU) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,025 at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Pennon Group plc (PNN) ANGLE plc (AGL) Given Speculative Buy Rating at Beaufort Securities Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Sunrise Resources Plc (SRES) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives “Sell” Rating from Shore Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€62.00” Price Target for BNP Paribas SA (BNP) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) has been given a €62.00 ($67.39) price objective by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Thursday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on BNP. Macquarie set a €70.00 ($76.09) price objective on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Barclays PLC set a €58.00 ($63.04) price objective on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €70.00 ($76.09) price objective on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Morgan Stanley set a €69.90 ($75.98) price objective on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($84.78) price objective on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. BNP Paribas SA has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of €63.15 ($68.64). Shares of BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) opened at 65.99 on Thursday. BNP Paribas SA has a 1-year low of €35.27 and a 1-year high of €68.40. The firm has a market cap of €82.24 billion and a PE ratio of 11.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of €61.42 and a 200-day moving average of €58.45. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€62.00” Price Target for BNP Paribas SA (BNP)” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/jpmorgan-chase-62-00-price-target-for-bnp-paribas-sa-bnp.html. About BNP Paribas SA BNP Paribas SA is a France-based company engaged in the financial industry. The Company provides banking and financial services. The Company operates in two divisions: Retail Banking and Services, and Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB). The Retail Banking and Services division includes retail banking networks and specialized financial services in France and abroad. Receive News & Ratings for BNP Paribas SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing In the Papers - Facebook, Channel 5, Direct Line, JPMorgan Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:26 04 May 2017 Newspaper Summary The Times Facebook profits soar despite fake news row: Concerns about the spread of fake news and a scandal over misreported viewing statistics appear to have done little to lessen advertisers’ love of Facebook, which last night reported soaring revenue in the first quarter that was ahead of expectations. Chinese airline takes a flyer on Deutsche Bank: A huge Chinese conglomerate that began life as a single airline has become the largest shareholder in Deutsche Bank after doubling its stake in the troubled German lender to just under 10%. Channel 5 flies flag for rugby on terrestrial TV: Live Premiership Rugby matches will be shown on terrestrial television for the first time after Viacom signed a seven-figure deal. Roof comes crashing down on Cluttons: It was founded in 1765 and for two and a half centuries helped the well-heeled of London to sell their homes.  Cluttons, one of the oldest estate agents in the world, threw in the towel, sunk by a massive pension fund deficit, and submitted to what appeared to be a rescue takeover. Business tells next government to put jobs and EU trade first: Britain’s leading employers group has attacked Theresa May’s Brexit fall-back strategy to leave the European Union without a deal and called on the next government to prioritise the economy in the upcoming negotiations. Corporate giants under fire over pay: Two of Britain’s biggest companies face shareholder criticism over their pay for senior Executives. Direct Line drives up insurance premiums: Direct Line, reporting first-quarter figures, said that it had increased prices since the Justice Secretary’s decision to change the Ogden formula because of the anticipated impact it would have on the cost of claims. The Independent Canada produces 66% of its electricity from renewables: Canada produced about 66% of its electricity from renewable sources, according to a new report. Japanese crisps shortage is reaching ‘crisis point’: A crisp shortage that has been gripping snack-loving Japan is now reaching crisis point, according to local media. Pound sterling volatile on reports of no deal on Brexit: The pound was volatile in trading on Wednesday amid reports of a troubled start to Brexit divorce negotiations, fresh talk of a possible “no deal” outcome and Theresa May’s extraordinary claims that some in the EU are seeking to unduly influence the U.K. general election. Grocery sales hit more than three-year high: Grocery sales in the U.K. grew at their fastest rate in more than three years at the beginning of 2017, despite indications that inflation is starting to bite, figures from Kantar Worldpanel show. JPMorgan confirms hundreds of U.K. jobs to move to EU because of Brexit: JPMorgan will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in preparation for Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said on Tuesday. Construction activity hits four month high in April: U.K. construction activity rose to a four-month high in April according to the latest survey snapshot of the sector, suggesting a reasonable start to the second quarter of 2017 for builders. The Daily Telegraph Ignore €100 billion Brexit bill and focus on trade deal, CBI tells London and EU: Britain and Brussels will both be better off if they stop wrangling over an enormous Brexit divorce bill and instead focus on the real prize - a trade deal to preserve the £600 billion of trade which flows back and forth across the Channel each year. Facebook approaches 2 billion users: Facebook’s profits have hit one billion dollars a month as the social media giant closes in on a milestone of 2 billion users. Jaguar Land Rover starts education scheme to counter ‘demonisation’ of diesel: Fears about the “demonisation” of diesel cars after the emissions scandal have forced Jaguar Land Rover to launch an education programme to convince buyers their vehicles are safe. Oil firm behind Gatwick Gusher pauses South Downs drilling bid: The oil explorer behind the so-called Gatwick Gusher has temporarily dropped its application to drill for oil near the ancient South Downs forest - but has vowed that drilling will still move ahead within two years. Imperial Brands looks to ramp up new product launches as tobacco volumes fall: Imperial Brands is looking to launch new tobacco-less products this year as it seeks to grasp a greater share of the $6 billion (£4.6 billion) e-vapour market and counter declining cigarette volumes. Standard Chartered and JP Morgan step up Brexit plans: FTSE 100 banking giant Standard Chartered has picked Frankfurt to become the base of its European operations following Brexit, joining a growing number of lenders that are pushing ahead with plans to move operations out of London. The Questor Column: Hold BP, despite the risks to the dividend posed by volatile oil prices: The numbers were slightly better than expected and the company reiterated its growth targets, saying its seven key “upstream” (production) projects were all on track. But, as we pointed out in February, when the group published full-year results, BP requires the crude oil price to be at least $60 a barrel to break even. As the price is currently about $50, investors who hold the shares for the generous dividend – the yield is currently 6.8% – are justified in feeling nervous. The dividend will be truly sustainable only if the company’s cashflow routinely exceeds its costs. Neil Woodford, Britain’s most prominent income investor, warned in March that BP and Shell were maintaining their dividends only by borrowing and selling assets and were in effect “liquidating themselves” in order to sustain the payments to shareholders. It’s true BP expects its break-even price to fall steadily to $35-$40 by 2021. But to some extent, buying the shares seems to be a bet that the oil price remains at least at its current levels and that BP doesn’t end up chasing an ever-receding target. Questor says ‘Hold’. Update: Kromek: In March, we tipped Kromek, the maker of hi-tech sensors including “dirty bomb” detectors, as a buy at 27p, impressed by the enthusiasm for the stock of Gervais Williams, a fund manager at Miton. He pointed out that the company was on the brink of breaking even and that any increase in sales would feed straight through to the bottom line, as research and development accounted for most of its costs. The shares have risen by 10% since our tip, which followed several months of falls. Mr. Williams said: “Although the share price has recovered to a degree, we are happy to retain our clients’ holdings.” Questor says ‘Buy’. The Guardian Lidl on course to surpass Waitrose and enter U.K. supermarket top seven: Lidl is on track to overtake Waitrose to become the U.K.’s seventh-biggest grocer as early as this summer as the discounters benefit from new store openings and shoppers search out bargains amid a return to food price inflation. ITV Chief Executive Adam Crozier steps down after seven years: ITV’s Chief Executive, Adam Crozier, is stepping down after seven years at the helm of the U.K.’s biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster. Hard Brexit would cost us £500 million a year, says oil and gas industry: Brexit would land the oil and gas industry with a half-billion-pound bill if EU exit talks end with the U.K. leaving on World Trade Organisation rules, Theresa May has been warned. Employment agency Transline loses contract with Asos: Controversial employment agency Transline has lost its contract with Asos as it tries to fend off insolvency. HMRC steps up inquiry into employment status of Hermes couriers: HM Revenue & Customs has stepped up its investigation into the delivery company Hermes classifiying its couriers as self-employed, while the business has also been hit with an employment rights lawsuit from the GMB trade union. Daily Mail U.K.’s biggest tech firm Sage Group Software firm tops FTSE after wooing 1.2 million clients: The U.K.’s biggest technology company, Sage Group, jumped towards the top of the FTSE after revealing software subscriptions rose by nearly 50% in the six months to the end of March. Mattress company Eve Sleep set to float on London’s AIM market: Mattress company Eve Sleep is set to float on London’s AIM market later this month to raise an estimated £35 million. £130 million wiped off builder Galliford Try in bridge blunder taken on by former Boss now running Bovis Homes: Nearly £130million was wiped off the value of Galliford Try after the construction giant admitted it would cost more than expected to complete a number of projects. Lord Mandelson to rake in £100k helping Turkish firm take over cruise ports around the world: Lord Mandelson is set to rake in nearly £100,000 a year by advising a Turkish company that wants to take over cruise ports around the world. Grand national and U.S. Masters blight strong start to the year for Paddy Power Betfair: Big wins for punters on the Grand National and the U.S. Masters overshadowed a strong start to the year for bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair. Daily Express Donald Trump to deregulate U.S. banks in bid to separate consumer and investment arms: Donald Trump is marching ahead with his plans to deregulate U.S. banks, looking back to legislation that helped to turn the economy around during the Great Depression. 8O8 Whisky drums up support with crowdfunding drive: 8O8 Whisky, a grain blended Scotch brand with a big following among clubbers in Britain and the Balearics, is looking to raise £300,000 ahead of international expansion. Petrol price cut on the way? Strong pound and fall in costs means fuel price ‘must drop’: Cheaper petrol should be offered to drivers after the pound strengthened and wholesale costs have fallen, according to experts. Folium Optics helps the medicine go down easily with smart SCREEN reminders for patients: Electronic reminders fitted on patients’ medicines, improving care and cutting waste, are set to be the first commercial products from pioneering display expert Folium Optics. How ‘Bank of Mum and Dad’ can help children buy home without having to hand over cash: Lenders are targeting parents trying to help their children on to the property ladder, with a growing number of mortgages tailored for the market. Juncker to demand direct supervision of clearing houses as global banks & investors balk: Jean Claude Juncker will announce plans to boot British banks out of European financial markets unless he is allowed to supervise them. The Scottish Herald Sainsbury warns on impact of inflation as profits are hit: Sainsbury has warned that non-food sales will be hit by rising inflation and weak wage growth, while underlining that it expects food prices to rise amid sterling weakness following the Brexit vote. Retail sales more resilient in Scotland in first quarter: Retail sales volumes fell in Scotland in the first quarter at a slower pace than in Great Britain as a whole, Brexit risks to oil and gas industry highlighted: The North Sea oil and gas industry is heavily reliant on thousands of skilled workers from European Union countries a report has found, prompting calls for the Government to ensure the free flow of labour after Brexit. Souter Investments backs takeover of Aberdeen oil services firm: Oil services firm TWMA has been acquired by a group of investors that includes the family investment vehicle of transport tycoon Brian Souter and Aberdeen Asset Management amid challenging times for the industry. Tenants and landlords should consider Brexit in rent reviews: Scotland’s Tenant Farming Commissioner, Bob McIntosh, is calling on landlords and tenants of agricultural holdings to carefully consider the impact of Brexit where a rent review is due. Buzzworks to create 60 jobs with opening of first east of Scotland venue: bar and restaurant group Buzzworks Holdings has made its first move into the east of Scotland, taking on a South Queensferry venue that is part of the redevelopment of the town’s Port Edgar Marina. Aggreko downgrade wipes £109 million off value: Glasgow-based temporary power provider Aggreko saw £109 million wiped off its value at the start of trading after U.S. bank Morgan Stanley downgraded the company overnight. CST Global sold to Sivers IMA: Blantyre technology business Compound Semiconductor Technologies (CST) Global, which makes lasers for the telecommunications industry, has been acquired by Swedish firm Sivers IMA. QikServe goes Dutch with order for international expansion: Qikserve, the mobile order and payment business, has reported that the installation of its platform at a restaurant in Amsterdam’s Schiphol Airport has transformed its ordering process. The Scotsman Wetherspoon Founder Tim Martin blasts CBI over Brexit: Tim Martin, the pro-Brexit Founder of pubs operator JD Wetherspoon, has taken a sideswipe at the CBI’s stance that leaving the EU without a trade deal would be dangerous. Diesel car scrappage scheme expected for pollution hotspots: Drivers in air pollution hotspots will be offered cash to trade in or modify their diesel cars and vans to cut emissions, it was reported. Fit-out firm Sharkey on a high with project wins: Sharkey, the Edinburgh-headquartered construction services group, is on track for a solid performance in 2017 having already secured more than £50 million of new project activity since the start of the year. U.K. factory output hits highest level in three years: The economy has been given as boost after it emerged that Britain’s manufacturing sector had hit a three-year high. Quarter of first-time buyers relying more on parental help: Parental support to help young people to move onto the property ladder is set to play in a part in a quarter of all property transactions in 2017, according to a new report. The “bank of mum and dad” will lend more than £6.5 billion over the course of the year - up £1.5 billion from 2016. City A.M. Ian McCaig, Chief Executive of First Utility, is stepping down for “personal reasons”: The Boss of the U.K.’s largest energy challenger, First Utility, is leaving the business after six years. BMW employees ramp up strikes in row over “pensions robbery” with Rolls-Royce workers joining the walkouts this week: BMW workers have walked out again in the third of eight strikes over a bitter pensions dispute with the German car giant. Kraft Heinz runs out of beans as sales stagnate in “slow start to the year” sending shares dipping: U.S. food giant Kraft Heinz reported lower than expected quarterly profit and sales, noting a “slow start to the year”. The U.S. Federal Reserve has left rates unchanged at its May meeting as expectation builds for June hike: The Federal Reserve has voted not to raise its key interest rate, following hikes in December and March. Activist hedge fund TCI ups the pressure on Safran to ditch its huge €8.5 billion Zodiac deal: Activist hedge fund TCI Fund Management is increasing its pressure on French aircraft engine maker Safran to ditch its plans to buy aeroplane seat maker Zodiac in a €8.5 billion (£6.6 billion) deal. Healthcare firm Circle Holdings to delist from London Stock Exchange after Toscafund takeover: Healthcare company Circle Holdings is to delist from the London Stock Exchange next month when it is taken over by Toscafund. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any  research has been produced by an independent third party provider.  Further details can be provided on request.  Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report.  However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report.  This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete.  The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell.  The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report.  Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions.  Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down.  Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.   Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss.   No investment advice The Company is a publisher and is not registered with or authorised by the Financial Services Authority (FSA). You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter. You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate. From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.   RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing http://www.guardianstockbrokers.com Newspaper Briefing informs you of what is happening in the news before the market opens. We believe our Newspaper Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Newspaper Briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Owens Corning’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OC) Persimmon plc (PSN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 412 Schroders plc (SDR) PT Raised to GBX 3,650 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Columbia Property Trust Inc (CXP) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Given “Buy” Rating at Pacific Crest Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Price Target to $87.00 GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Price Target Increased to $50.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets McColl's Retail Group PLC (MCLS) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts The Sage Group plc (SGE) Price Target to GBX 620 Northland Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 412 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) had its target price upped by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 390 ($5.04) to GBX 412 ($5.32) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. They currently have an underweight rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 380 ($4.91) target price on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised Pagegroup PLC to a neutral rating and raised their target price for the stock from GBX 400 ($5.16) to GBX 500 ($6.46) in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 490 ($6.33) target price on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Barclays PLC raised their target price on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 390 ($5.04) to GBX 410 ($5.29) and gave the stock an equal weight rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised Pagegroup PLC to a hold rating and raised their target price for the stock from GBX 300 ($3.87) to GBX 400 ($5.16) in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 434.18 ($5.61). Shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) opened at 497.50 on Friday. Pagegroup PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 156.30 and a 1-year high of GBX 506.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 454.75 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 412.30. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.55 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 412” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/pagegroup-plc-page-price-target-raised-to-gbx-412.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a dividend of GBX 8.23 ($0.11) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a yield of 1.92%. Pagegroup PLC Company Profile PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schroders plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Owens Corning’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OC) Persimmon plc (PSN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 412 Schroders plc (SDR) PT Raised to GBX 3,650 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Columbia Property Trust Inc (CXP) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Given “Buy” Rating at Pacific Crest Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Price Target to $87.00 GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Price Target Increased to $50.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets McColl's Retail Group PLC (MCLS) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts The Sage Group plc (SGE) Price Target to GBX 620 Northland Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Schroders plc (SDR) PT Raised to GBX 3,650 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Schroders plc (LON:SDR) had its price objective hoisted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 3,600 ($46.48) to GBX 3,650 ($47.13) in a report released on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has an overweight rating on the stock. SDR has been the subject of several other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on shares of Schroders plc from GBX 3,112 ($40.18) to GBX 3,345 ($43.19) and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 3,738 ($48.26) price objective on shares of Schroders plc in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. HSBC Holdings plc began coverage on shares of Schroders plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They set a hold rating and a GBX 3,180 ($41.06) price objective for the company. Shore Capital reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Schroders plc in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Liberum Capital reaffirmed a hold rating and set a GBX 2,750 ($35.51) price objective on shares of Schroders plc in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 3,108.62 ($40.14). Schroders plc (LON:SDR) opened at 3202.00 on Friday. Schroders plc has a one year low of GBX 1,960.00 and a one year high of GBX 3,222.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 8.81 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 3,114.49 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 2,989.03. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Schroders plc (SDR) PT Raised to GBX 3,650 at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/schroders-plc-sdr-pt-raised-to-gbx-3650-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a GBX 64 ($0.83) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.1%. This is a positive change from Schroders plc’s previous dividend of $29.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. In other news, insider Rakhi Goss-Custard bought 669 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 6th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 3,061 ($39.52) per share, for a total transaction of £20,478.09 ($26,440.40). Also, insider Philip Mallinckrodt bought 1,524,051 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 3,137 ($40.50) per share, for a total transaction of £47,809,479.87 ($61,729,476.91). Insiders acquired a total of 1,544,707 shares of company stock worth $4,828,471,709 over the last quarter. Schroders plc Company Profile Schroders plc (Schroders) is the parent company of an international asset management and private banking group. Schroders operates three business segments: Asset Management, Private Banking and Group. Asset Management includes three divisions: Investment, which consists of its portfolio management, research and dealing functions across a product range covering equities, fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives; Distribution, which employs people globally, specialising in sales, client service, marketing, product development and product management, and serving institutional and intermediary sales channels, and Infrastructure, which employs people in the information technology, operations, finance, risk management, human resources, legal, compliance and internal audit. Receive News & Ratings for Schroders plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Persimmon plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Persimmon plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Owens Corning’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OC) Persimmon plc (PSN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 412 Schroders plc (SDR) PT Raised to GBX 3,650 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Columbia Property Trust Inc (CXP) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Given “Buy” Rating at Pacific Crest Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Price Target to $87.00 GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Price Target Increased to $50.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets McColl's Retail Group PLC (MCLS) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts The Sage Group plc (SGE) Price Target to GBX 620 Northland Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Persimmon plc (PSN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Persimmon plc (LON:PSN) in a research report report published on Friday. Several other research firms have also issued reports on PSN. Beaufort Securities restated a buy rating on shares of Persimmon plc in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Liberum Capital restated a hold rating and set a GBX 2,161 ($27.90) price target on shares of Persimmon plc in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Persimmon plc in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Peel Hunt increased their target price on shares of Persimmon plc from GBX 2,120 ($27.37) to GBX 2,260 ($29.18) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating on shares of Persimmon plc in a report on Monday, April 24th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 2,010.14 ($25.95). Persimmon plc (LON:PSN) opened at 2345.00 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 2,179.34 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,931.70. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 7.23 billion. Persimmon plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,170.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 2,390.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Persimmon plc (PSN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/persimmon-plc-psn-earns-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a GBX 110 ($1.42) dividend. This is an increase from Persimmon plc’s previous dividend of $25.00. This represents a yield of 5.42%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 15th. In related news, insider David Jenkinson sold 3,948 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 2,125 ($27.44), for a total value of £83,895 ($108,321.50). Also, insider Rachel Kentleton purchased 710 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 2,117 ($27.33) per share, with a total value of £15,030.70 ($19,406.97). About Persimmon plc Persimmon Plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company is engaged in house building within the United Kingdom. The Company trades under the brand names of Persimmon Homes, Charles Church, Westbury Partnerships and Space4. The Company offers a range of homes from studio apartments to family homes in approximately 400 locations under Persimmon Homes brand. Receive News & Ratings for Persimmon plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Persimmon plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Company Overview Contact Info & Offices Press Releases The Knowledge Group Press Release Receive press releases from The Knowledge Group: By Email RSS Feeds: Mark Glatley, Retirement Plan Investment Consultant, JP Morgan Asset Management, Defined Contribution Investment Services to Speak at the Knowledge Groups Event The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today that Mark Glatley, Retirement Plan Investment Consultant, JP Morgan Asset Management, Defined Contribution Investment Services will speak at the Knowledge Groups webcast. For further details, please visit: https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=2745 New York, NY, May 04, 2017 --(PR.com)-- About Mark Glatley Mark Glatley, Vice President, is a client advisor within the Defined Contribution Investment Services Advisor team. He joined the firm in 2012 and works with consultants and advisors throughout the Ohio Valley region. Mark has over twenty years of experience within the retirement industry. Prior to joining J.P. Morgan, Mark spent five years with AllianceBernstein and twelve years with Charles Schwab. About JP Morgan Asset Management, Defined Contribution Investment Services As a leading provider of comprehensive retirement solutions, J.P. Morgan Asset Management is dedicated to providing the support you and your plan sponsor clients need to build stronger DC plans. With $1.8 trillion in assets under management (AUM)1, more than 1000 investment professionals and over a century of investment experience, J.P. Morgan’s retirement solutions are supported by the full resources of a global financial leader. Event Synopsis: Continued class action lawsuits against retirement plans has put colleges and universities under considerable pressure by participants, counsel and vendors. Which is often confusing and difficult to manage. In addition, higher educational institutions are subject to pressure to reduce expenses while expanding programs creating conflict to where resources should be applied to attract, retain and matriculate faculty, staff and students. Effective retirement plan compliance requires that key administrators and staff have a thorough working familiarity with retirement plan regulatory framework and best practices. In this Live Webcast, a team of thought leaders assembled by The Knowledge Group will give a boot camp on how colleges and universities can increase the effectiveness of their retirement plan compliance program and best practices. The panel will discuss best practices on how to coordinate and to monitor essential plan operations, conduct investment option assessments, manage and report appropriately to regulatory agencies, implement financial stewardship, and spot and respond to red-flag situations. Key Topics Include Regulatory Overview Class Action Lawsuit Update Best Practices for: Fund performance measurement Fund fee analysis Fund selection vendor management & analysis Risk Assessment Data Management and reporting for annual audit & best practices A plan sponsor’s view Fiduciary Stewardship & Call to action On-going review & oversight About The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/ Contact Information The Knowledge Group Thomas LaPointe, Jr., Executive Director 646-844-0200 Contact www.theknowledgegroup.org Therese Lumbao, Director Account Management & Member Services tlumbao@knowledgecongress.org Click here to view the company profile of The Knowledge Group Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from The Knowledge Group Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Finance Search Search EmploymentAlphabet’s Eric Schmidt Calls Limiting H-1B Work Visas America’s ‘Stupidest Policy’ Delta Air LinesDelta Apologizes for ‘Unfortunate Experience’ After Forcing Family Off Flight AgricultureChemChina Clinches Its $43 Billion Takeover of Syngenta TradeFinance Ministers of Japan, China and South Korea Pledge to Resist Protectionism Brexit J.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe Ryan Kilpatrick May 04, 2017 Banking giant J.P. Morgan Chase (jpyyl) could move as many as 1,000 jobs from its London office to locations in the European Union after the United Kingdom formally leaves the EU. The U.S. investment bank confirmed its post-Brexit retreat from Canary Wharf this week, saying it will relocate hundreds of London-based employees to Dublin, Frankfurt, Luxembourg and other cities within the 28-nation bloc, Bloomberg reports. Before last year's referendum on Britain's EU membership, J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon told staff that up to 4,000 positions could leave the U.K. depending on how the government fared in negotiations. J.P. Morgan is not the only finance firm planning to move jobs from the British capital. Standard Chartered (scbff) also announced this week it would take its EU base to the German financial hub Frankfurt. Morgan Stanley (ms) and Goldman Sachs (gs) are considering following suit, while Barclays (bcs) has been eying the Irish capital. British Prime Minister Theresa May formalized proceedings to leave the EU in March, kicking off a divorce process set to take two years. According to the Brussels-based think tank Bruegel, the decision to withdraw from the union could see as many as 30,000 banking and financial services jobs leave British shores. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks business May 04, 2017 10:12 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: Here are 4 stocks that analysts are tracking today A private sector bank, a housing finance company, among others are on the watchlist of analysts today. ICICI Bank Analyst: Bank of America Merrill Lynch | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 376 The research firm believes that ICICI Bank’s stock is pricing in stress and is trading at 1.2 times and 0.9 times FY18 and FY19, respectively and is a fully stress-adjusted book value. It also increased earnings per share (EPS) by over 1 percent for the current fiscal and the next one, while profit after tax (PAT) growth has been forecast at 17 percent in FY18 and 22 percent in FY19. Analyst: Citi | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 330 The global financial services firm said that the use of contingent provisions helped cushion the profit and loss (P&L) account, adding that 50 percent of NPL additions at Rs 11,300 crore came from one cement account. Going forward, asset resolution is the key to its CASA gains and liabilities. Analyst: Deutsche Bank | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 350. Analysts the firm saw strong CASA growth aiding margins for the bank. Meanwhile, it cut earnings by 14 and 11 percent in FY18 and FY19, assuming higher credit costs. It observed that these costs have peaked and will remain elevated in FY18. Higher slippages from corporate books is also a key risk to the stock, it said. Analyst: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 265 JPMorgan termed ICICI Bank’s slippages as disappointing though they were largely from the drill-down list. It observed that headline growth was weak largely due to stressed book. Meanwhile, retail book bounced back to 7.5 percent quarter on quarter post demonetisation. Yields could be under pressure from price competition, base rate to MCLR transition. Analyst: Goldman Sachs | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 320 The research firm expects slippages to moderate in FY18 to 4 percent from 6.7 percent in FY17. It feels the stock is a buy on attractive risk reward. Having said that, higher corporate loan slippages and lower than expected margin are the key risks to the stock. Analyst: IDFC Securities | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 315 The brokerage firm termed the earnings better than expected, especially on the CASA and new stress loan formation front. It cited how the management expects slippages and credit cost to decline in the current fiscal. It prefers the bank over Axis Bank and SBI in the sector. Analyst: Macquarie | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 330 The firm believes that the current market price is adequately discounting asset quality woes of the bank. While slippages will be lower in FY18, they will still be high on absolute basis, Macquarie said in its report. However, margins from the March quarter surprised positively, but are unlikely to see material improvement in FY18, it said. Cheap valuations, lower slippages key catalysts for the stock going forward. Marico Analyst: Credit Suisse | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 300 Credit Suisse continues to fundamentally like its solid core portfolio of coconut oils. Having said that, it believes that Marico’s future growth drivers outside hair oils hold good potential over 5 years. Its valuations At over 43x FY18 leave no room for upside. Analyst: Deutsche Bank | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 340 Given the focus on volume and strong innovation pipeline, Deutsche Bank expects Marico’s valuation to sustain. Among key risks to the stock are rural slowdown and market share losses. Analyst: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 300 The brokerage believes that current valuations appear demanding. It revised FY18 and FY19 ERPS estimates by over 2 percent on factoring a better Q4. It expects coconut oil/VAHO to witness over 20 percent and 16 percent, respectively. Saffola is likely to post over 10 percent revenue growth, it added. Moreover, it expects youth portfolio to revive over 15 percent from subdued base in FY17. Analyst: Goldman Sachs | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 262 Faster new product growth, commodity benefits are the key risks for the stock, it said. Meanwhile, slower hair oil sales, slower international growth are key risks. Analyst: Macquarie | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 331 For Macquarie, Marico remains one of the top picks in the consumer space. It believes that strong earnings delivery should sustain the higher valuations. It feels that the Street is underestimating margin expansion on account of operating leverage. Future Retail Analyst: Nomura | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 476 The brokerage house initiated coverage on the stock and sees 46.6 percent upside to the stock. This is on the back of projected earnings growth trajectory and better returns. It expects India’s modern retail share to reach 12 percent by FY20 against 9 percent currently. It expects Future Retail to be key beneficiary of growing modern retail share in India. Furthermore, it sees margin touching 4 percent by FY19 on better product mix and cost control. DHFL Analyst: Nomura | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 335Nomura said that the company’s Q4 results were in line with forecasts with marginal beat on margin and assets under management (AUM) growth. But, it highlighted the risk for housing finance companies with respect to mortgage growth, pressure on spreads in the core business as well. tags #Market #Nifty #Sensex #Stocks Views Related news Business Buy Federal Bank, Jet Airways, V-Guard Industries: Sandeep Wagle May 05, 2017 11:43 AM Business Buy Federal Bank, Jet Airways; sell Vedanta, Jindal Steel & Power: Ashwani Gujral May 05, 2017 11:38 AM Business Here are some fundamental trading ideas from Mehraboon Irani May 05, 2017 11:32 AM Business Andrew Holland says 'complacency very high in market', sees earnings pickup in 2018 May 05, 2017 10:59 AM Business Stay cautious! Banking stocks likely to see 10% fall before moving higher May 05, 2017 10:59 AM Business Top trading tips from market experts to trade for today May 05, 2017 10:45 AM Business Citi's December 2017 Sensex target at 31,500, implies 5% upside May 05, 2017 09:42 AM Business Resistance for Nifty at 9380, 9400: Stewart & Mackertich May 05, 2017 09:40 AM Business Buy SBI, Titan, EID Parry; sell Kaveri Seed, Tata Motors: Mitessh Thakkar May 05, 2017 09:19 AM News Most Popular Top News Bulls in charge of current trend; 5 stocks which can give up to 10% return in short term Three tyre stocks doubled in just one year; Analysts expect more upside in select stocks Mutual funds are betting heavily on these stocks; 22 surge over 50% in one year Carmakers see scorching sales in April; Maruti ahead of the pack with 23% volume jump Staying with winners! Top 40 stocks in which FIIs raised their stake in last 5 quarters Pranab Mukherjee signs ordinance giving RBI more power to tackle NPAs Market Live: Sensex loses over 200 points, Nifty snaps 9300; metals down Making money in Nifty might become tough; 5 stocks which can return up to 13% return see more Video of the day Andrew Holland: Complacency very high in market; see earnings pickup in 2018 Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNX Coal Resources LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million Analysts Expect Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) CEO Sells 1,117 Shares of Stock Daniel J. Mitchell Buys 11,000 Shares of Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Stock Richard H. Dozer Sells 1,833 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock Thomas D. Longenecker Purchases 600 Shares of Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Stock Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) Releases Earnings Results Regional Management Corp (RM) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Has $13.02 Million Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Martin Kelly Sells 10,000 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Popular Inc (BPOP) Director Sells $126,450.00 in Stock David Shapiro Sells 1,117 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Stock $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect that CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) will report sales of $78.84 million for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have made estimates for CNX Coal Resources’ earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $76.2 million and the highest estimate coming in at $81.22 million. CNX Coal Resources posted sales of $53.77 million in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 46.6%. The company is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Friday, August 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that CNX Coal Resources will report full year sales of $78.84 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $303.6 million to $331.72 million. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post sales of $363.2 million per share, with estimates ranging from $304 million to $444.72 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that cover CNX Coal Resources. CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The energy company reported $0.50 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.03. The business earned $83.28 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $79.92 million. CNX Coal Resources had a return on equity of 12.05% and a net margin of 7.69%. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC set a $22.00 target price on CNX Coal Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised CNX Coal Resources from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut CNX Coal Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. CNX Coal Resources has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.14. In related news, insider Dan D. Sandman acquired 5,500 shares of CNX Coal Resources stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $17.97 per share, with a total value of $98,835.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 5,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $98,835. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider David M. Khani acquired 3,000 shares of CNX Coal Resources stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $15.08 per share, for a total transaction of $45,240.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 13,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $196,040. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT bought a new stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources during the third quarter valued at $376,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 1,265.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 138,874 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $2,153,000 after buying an additional 128,706 shares during the last quarter. EJF Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 40.4% in the third quarter. EJF Capital LLC now owns 50,000 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $775,000 after buying an additional 14,396 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 81.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 116,965 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $2,135,000 after buying an additional 52,665 shares during the last quarter. Finally, GSA Capital Partners LLP boosted its stake in shares of CNX Coal Resources by 80.9% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 65,277 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $1,191,000 after buying an additional 29,197 shares during the last quarter. 61.16% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) traded down 6.36% during trading on Friday, reaching $16.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 92,849 shares. CNX Coal Resources has a 12-month low of $7.55 and a 12-month high of $22.30. The company has a market cap of $377.91 million, a PE ratio of 19.45 and a beta of 1.75. The company has a 50 day moving average of $15.94 and a 200 day moving average of $17.37. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be issued a $0.5125 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $2.05 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 12.65%. CNX Coal Resources’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 244.05%. WARNING: “$78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/78-84-million-in-sales-expected-for-cnx-coal-resources-lp-cnxc-this-quarter.html. About CNX Coal Resources CNX Coal Resources LP is a producer of high-British thermal units (Btu) thermal coal in the Northern Appalachian Basin and the eastern United States. It is engaged in the management and development of coal operations of CONSOL Energy Inc (CONSOL Energy) in Pennsylvania. It holds interest in, and operational control over, CONSOL Energy’s Pennsylvania Mining Complex, which consists of three underground mines and related infrastructure that produce high-Btu bituminous thermal coal that is sold primarily to electric utilities in the eastern United States. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on CNX Coal Resources (CNXC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Natus Medical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natus Medical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Has $13.02 Million Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Martin Kelly Sells 10,000 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Popular Inc (BPOP) Director Sells $126,450.00 in Stock David Shapiro Sells 1,117 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Stock Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Algert Global LLC Has $2.261 Million Stake in Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR) Position Raised by Algert Global LLC Algert Global LLC Takes Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Algert Global LLC Buys 18,603 Shares of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Algert Global LLC Cuts Position in NCI Building Systems Inc (NCS) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Algert Global LLC Boosts Stake in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. decreased its position in Natus Medical Inc (NASDAQ:BABY) by 2.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 575,594 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock after selling 13,957 shares during the period. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. owned 1.77% of Natus Medical worth $22,592,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its position in Natus Medical by 44.1% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 202,031 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $7,938,000 after buying an additional 61,811 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in Natus Medical by 45.7% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 18,800 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $739,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC raised its position in Natus Medical by 11.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 6,360 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $250,000 after buying an additional 662 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in Natus Medical by 8.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 19,099 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Natus Medical by 33.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 130,442 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $5,126,000 after buying an additional 32,877 shares in the last quarter. 80.27% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Natus Medical Inc (NASDAQ:BABY) traded down 2.39% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $34.70. 368,890 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $1.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.37 and a beta of 1.02. Natus Medical Inc has a 52-week low of $31.61 and a 52-week high of $44.39. The company’s 50 day moving average is $38.40 and its 200-day moving average is $38.20. Natus Medical (NASDAQ:BABY) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical equipment provider reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.33 by $0.03. Natus Medical had a return on equity of 13.24% and a net margin of 11.11%. The firm earned $124.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $122.45 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.34 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 42.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Natus Medical Inc will post $1.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/diamond-hill-capital-management-inc-sells-13957-shares-of-natus-medical-inc-baby.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on BABY shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Natus Medical from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered shares of Natus Medical from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Benchmark Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 target price (down from $55.00) on shares of Natus Medical in a report on Monday. Finally, TheStreet lowered shares of Natus Medical from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $45.00. In related news, Director Robert A. Gunst sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total value of $180,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 56,150 shares in the company, valued at $2,021,400. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 4.80% of the company’s stock. Natus Medical Company Profile Natus Medical Incorporated is a provider of newborn care and neurology healthcare products and services used for the screening, diagnosis, detection, treatment, monitoring and tracking of common medical ailments in newborn care, hearing impairment, neurological dysfunction, epilepsy, sleep disorders, neuromuscular diseases and balance and mobility disorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BABY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Natus Medical Inc (NASDAQ:BABY). Receive News & Ratings for Natus Medical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natus Medical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Extended Stay America Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Extended Stay America Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Reinhart Partners Inc. Sells 88 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Shares Sold by CT Mason 8,089 Shares in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Montag A & Associates Inc. Has $4.559 Million Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Reinhart Partners Inc. Buys New Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $1.466 Million Stake in Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Reinhart Partners Inc. Acquires 210 Shares of Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Reinhart Partners Inc. Takes Position in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $2.225 Million Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Andres Reiner Sells 52,698 Shares Quidel Co. (QDEL) SVP Sells $1,049,070.75 in Stock Gisela Schwab Sells 89,910 Shares of Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Stock Brink's Company (BCO) Director Sells $11,373,505.05 in Stock Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) CTO Sells $999,008.00 in Stock Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Corecivic Inc (CXW) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Globus Medical Inc (GMED) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Two Harbors Investment Corp (TWO) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Zacks: China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Sell” from Brokerages Lumentum Holdings Inc (LITE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $2.225 Million Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Reinhart Partners Inc. increased its position in Extended Stay America Inc (NYSE:STAY) by 30.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 139,610 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 32,980 shares during the period. Reinhart Partners Inc. owned 0.07% of Extended Stay America worth $2,225,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of Extended Stay America by 62,625.8% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 206,368 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,931,000 after buying an additional 206,039 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Extended Stay America during the third quarter worth about $19,779,000. LMR Partners LLP bought a new stake in shares of Extended Stay America during the third quarter worth about $2,840,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Extended Stay America by 20.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 638,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,073,000 after buying an additional 106,388 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Monashee Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Extended Stay America during the third quarter worth about $4,310,000. Institutional investors own 88.14% of the company’s stock. Extended Stay America Inc (NYSE:STAY) traded down 1.43% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $17.93. The stock had a trading volume of 4,000,597 shares. The company has a market cap of $3.48 billion, a PE ratio of 46.81 and a beta of 1.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $16.75 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.14. Extended Stay America Inc has a one year low of $13.00 and a one year high of $18.65. Extended Stay America (NYSE:STAY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.12 by $0.03. The business earned $291 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $290.20 million. Extended Stay America had a return on equity of 13.15% and a net margin of 9.45%. The company’s revenue was up 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.13 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Extended Stay America Inc will post $1.02 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 9th. This is a boost from Extended Stay America’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.68%. Extended Stay America’s dividend payout ratio is currently 128.81%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/reinhart-partners-inc-has-2-225-million-stake-in-extended-stay-america-inc-stay.html. STAY has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded Extended Stay America from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $16.00 to $18.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Barclays PLC set a $22.00 price target on Extended Stay America and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Extended Stay America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Extended Stay America presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $18.11. In other Extended Stay America news, Director Douglas Gerard Geoga purchased 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $16.46 per share, for a total transaction of $246,900.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 126,408 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,080,675.68. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.49% of the company’s stock. Extended Stay America Company Profile Extended Stay America, Inc is a owner/operator of company-branded hotels in North America. The Company operates in the extended stay lodging industry. The Company owns and operates approximately 700 hotel properties consisting of approximately 75,900 rooms located in 44 states across the United States of America and in Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Extended Stay America Inc (NYSE:STAY). Receive News & Ratings for Extended Stay America Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Extended Stay America Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 UL Video Maternity hospital North Korea French Election Home»Business Philip Lane: Tight window to sort infrastructure after Brexit Thursday, May 04, 2017 Eamon Quinn and Pádraig Hoare Current house shortages and house price increases will not prevent Ireland luring regulated UK-based banks and insurers who will need a home inside the EU after Brexit, Central Bank governor Philip Lane has said. The “window is tight” to get infrastructure such as housing, schools and office accommodation in place but financial institutions will base their decisions on how quickly the “faults will be fixed”, Mr Lane said. Speaking to reporters, he also expressed confidence the Central Bank’s controls over mortgage lending would prevent any future overheating of the housing market. There are many “brakes in the system”, he said. The shortage of housing across Ireland has become a hot political debate over whether the country will attract a large share of the banking jobs that will likely shift out of London as the UK prepares to exit the EU. But Mr Lane said no single EU centre will replace the City of London as EU cities compete by offering different advantages such as their housing, taxation and legal systems. There had been fears that Ireland could lose out after insurers such as AIG and the Lloyd’s of London market opted to set up bases in other EU countries despite the large international insurance industry that is based here. However, investment banking giant JPMorgan Chase has confirmed it plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to preserve easy access to the EU’s single market after Brexit. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” said its head of investment banking, Daniel Pinto. Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after UK prime minister Theresa May began the formal process for exiting the bloc. “We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients,” said Mr Pinto. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there.” The firm’s EU investment banking operations will likely be based in Frankfurt, while custody will be located in Dublin and treasury services will be handled in Luxembourg, a source said. JPMorgan will initially move between 500 and 1,000 staff to the three cities and others in the region. PwC’s Brexit business partner David McGee said there is at least a 75% chance of a hard Brexit and planning had to reflect that. Speaking in Cork, he said the continued row over the “divorce bill” between the EU and the UK, as well as the free movement of people and the complications of trade talks all pointed to a hard Brexit. The question, Mr McGee said, was whether the risks posed by Brexit to the agri-food industry could be offset by opportunities in financial services and information technology. He said Cork was in prime position to take its place as a European leader in financial services and IT. Mr McGee said both Dublin and Cork had the “existing critical mass” to support financial technology and cyber firms who were looking to operate away from London. Additional reporting Bloomberg READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS philip lane, brexit, business, economy, finance © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Edgy dinner date fails to quell Brexit concerns Gerry Adams vows to oppose Brexit 'disaster' in election campaign Spain 'could use Brexit talks veto to target Gibraltar's tax privileges' Burn from European Commission 'too busy' to interfere in UK general election More in this Section Public sector’s pay demands are ‘a major barbecue feast’ KPMG drawn into Rolls-Royce row Edgy dinner date fails to quell Brexit concerns Revenue claws back €13.6m from offshore income Breaking Stories Passenger numbers up 6% at Cork Airport Irish Life profits up 44% British economy expected to show recovery as services sector output hits four-month peak Spain 'could use Brexit talks veto to target Gibraltar's tax privileges' Lifestyle Scene and heard: The latest entertainment news Jesse Jones focuses on feminism for her body of work Wayne’s world of theatre looking forward to first opera Ask Audrey: My elderly boyfriend sent me a photo of his ding-dong, where can I get it enlarged? More From The Irish Examiner You've never really been welcomed home until you've been welcomed home by a golden retriever This 92-year-old man posts videos giving life advice and it's the only advice you'll need from now on This woman livetweeted a couple's argument in a restaurant and it's better than any movie Little Cork girl gives David Attenborough a run for his money with adorable robin video WATCH: The birds of the Lough enjoyed the weekend’s sunny weather WhatsApp back in service after outage cut millions off Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Darksiders 3 officially announced Sony E3 conference date revealed Lotto Results Wednesday, May 03, 2017 1 15 24 31 35 36 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories See Ireland through Ed Sheeran's eyes in his video for Galway Girl Teacher accused of raping boy in toilet Meet the young Mayo entrepreneur who hopes his app will make driving safer Little Cork girl gives David Attenborough a run for his money with adorable robin video Teacher accused of raping boy in toilet Cork teens beat Eton College to claim prestigious debating title Calls for Cork event centre to be scrapped and retendered Calls for Cork event centre to be scrapped and retendered Paperwork blunder keeps LÉ Eithne in Cork Harbour when it should be in Med Modern habit of blaming nuns is completely counter to the facts NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD Wayne’s world of theatre looking forward to first opera Top international prize for West Cork hairdresser Ciarán O'Sullivan BUSINESS Conor Murray boost for Munster and Lions who says '13 minutes haven’t delayed my return' JD Wetherspoon Irish growth plan will focus on Dublin SPORT Ciarán Kilkenny cautions Dublin tyro Con O’Callaghan to balance workload LIFESTYLE Insider tips for an instant lift from vlogger Bubzbeauty Top 8 frozen yogurts tested     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Qiagen NV (QGEN) Southern’s (SO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG KeyCorp Weighs in on Flowers Foods, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (FLO) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Quebecor, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (QBR) MINDBODY Inc (MB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance FBL Financial Group (FFG) Announces Earnings Results Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Edgewell Personal Care Co (EPC) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $351.294 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Shares Sold by Bank of New York Mellon Corp SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Position Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Bank of New York Mellon Corp Cuts Stake in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Shares Sold by Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $147.754 Million Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Advisors Preferred LLC Takes Position in Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Flex Ltd (FLEX) Shares Sold by Suntrust Banks Inc. Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Position Lowered by Suntrust Banks Inc. Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (NYSE:PBR)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note issued on Friday. They currently have a $12.00 price objective on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 35.59% from the stock’s current price. Several other research firms also recently commented on PBR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $10.42 to $10.63 in a report on Monday, February 13th. Barclays PLC reissued an “underweight” rating and issued a $11.00 price objective on shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Societe Generale raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.57. Shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (NYSE:PBR) opened at 8.85 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is $57.72 billion. Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras has a 1-year low of $5.45 and a 1-year high of $12.56. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $9.30 and a 200-day moving average of $10.29. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/petroleo-brasileiro-sa-petrobras-pbr-given-buy-rating-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Greenleaf Trust acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the first quarter valued at about $101,000. Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the first quarter valued at about $115,000. CSS LLC IL acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the third quarter valued at about $118,000. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the fourth quarter valued at about $123,000. Finally, Eqis Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the first quarter valued at about $144,000. 6.03% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras Receive News & Ratings for Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oracle Co. (ORCL) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Hold McKesson Co. (MCK) Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. 2,741 Shares in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Acquired by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. US Bancorp DE Acquires 137,430 Shares of TransCanada Co. (TRP) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE Core Laboratories (CLB) Position Increased by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Has $86 Million Position in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) US Bancorp DE Boosts Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc. AT Bancorp Maintains Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Lucas Capital Management Sells 9,894 Shares of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) $0.33 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tegna Inc (TGNA) This Quarter Surgical Care Affiliates Inc (SCAI) Receives $52.50 Average Target Price from Brokerages Uni Select Inc (UNS) Receives C$43.57 Average PT from Analysts Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Receives $13.50 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Price Target at $27.80 Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) Issues Earnings Results Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS McKesson Co. (MCK) Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) was downgraded by Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a $157.86 price objective on the stock. Vetr‘s price target points to a potential upside of 11.00% from the stock’s current price. Several other research firms have also recently commented on MCK. Citigroup Inc upped their price target on McKesson from $169.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of McKesson in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price target on McKesson and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $171.00 to $169.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Avondale Partners raised McKesson from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their price target for the company from $157.00 to $193.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $170.37. Shares of McKesson (NYSE:MCK) traded up 2.90% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $142.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,669,662 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $30.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.87 and a beta of 1.06. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $143.35 and its 200 day moving average is $144.52. McKesson has a 12 month low of $114.53 and a 12 month high of $199.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/mckesson-co-mck-lowered-to-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. In related news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total transaction of $15,119,220.00. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 22,390 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.15% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in McKesson by 16.3% in the first quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 715 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. SRB Corp raised its stake in McKesson by 3.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 814 shares of the company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Welch Group LLC raised its stake in McKesson by 22.6% in the first quarter. Welch Group LLC now owns 948 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 175 shares during the period. Tompkins Financial Corp raised its stake in McKesson by 8.8% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 962 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the period. Finally, Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new stake in McKesson during the fourth quarter worth approximately $161,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.81% of the company’s stock. McKesson Company Profile McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi GoDaddy Inc. Announces Pricing of Follow-on Offering and Repurchase News provided by GoDaddy Inc. 04 May, 2017, 18:05 ET Share this article SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY), the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures, announced today the pricing of an underwritten public offering of shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of $38.50 per share pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Selling stockholders are offering 24,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and have also granted the underwriters an option to purchase 3,615,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. Selling stockholders participating in the offering include entities affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., Silver Lake Partners, Technology Crossover Ventures, and YAM Special Holdings, Inc., an entity owned by our founder, Bob Parsons. GoDaddy will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. GoDaddy is also offering 100,000 shares of its Class A common stock and intends to use the proceeds of the offering to pay the transaction expenses incurred in connection with the offering and any remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. In addition, GoDaddy announced that it entered into an agreement to repurchase from the selling stockholders an aggregate of $275 million of limited liability company units of Desert Newco, LLC (together with a corresponding number of shares of GoDaddy's Class B common stock ) at the same per share price paid by the underwriters to the selling stockholders in the offering. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are acting as lead joint bookrunners for the offering. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as book-running managers for the offering. KKR Capital Markets LLC, Evercore Group L.L.C., JMP Securities LLC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co. are acting as co-managers for the offering. GoDaddy filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was effective upon filing on April 5, 2016, including a base prospectus dated April 5, 2016, and has filed a preliminary prospectus supplement dated May 3, 2017, to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in the registration statement, the related preliminary prospectus supplement and the other documents GoDaddy has filed with the SEC for more complete information about GoDaddy and this offering. The proposed offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, by telephone at (866) 718-1649 or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (866) 803-9204 or by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847 or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.  About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and more than 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. Source: GoDaddy Inc.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/godaddy-inc-announces-pricing-of-follow-on-offering-and-repurchase-300452059.html SOURCE GoDaddy Inc. 04 May, 2017, 09:05 ET Preview: GoDaddy Inspires New Generation of Mobile Website Building and M-Commerce My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 May, 2017, 16:42 ET GoDaddy Inspires New Generation of Mobile Website Building and... 03 May, 2017, 16:42 ET GoDaddy Inc. Announces Proposed Follow-on Offering and Repurchase Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Web Site Stock Offering You just read: GoDaddy Inc. Announces Pricing of Follow-on Offering and Repurchase News provided by GoDaddy Inc. 04 May, 2017, 18:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years on: Financial technologyFinancial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The relationship between banks and technology companies is becoming increasingly collaborative print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 6th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon IN JUNE 2007 a banker, or anyone else with $499 to spare, could try a novel distraction from work: Apple’s first iPhone had just gone on sale. In October 2008, after Lehman’s fall, another technological innovation was more quietly unveiled. A paper published online under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto described and advocated a form of electronic cash which people could send to one another without going through discredited banks. It was called bitcoin. As banks have adapted to the crisis and its aftermath with varying degrees of success, the rest of the world has not stood still. Smartphones and, less visibly, cloud computing have transformed people’s daily lives—and hence their use of money. Consumers expect to be able to use the powerful computers in their palms to pay for goods or move cash around as easily as they can tweet, stream videos or share photos with friends. Corporate customers are equally demanding. Yet banks’ information-technology systems are a curious mixture of the old and rickety and the sleek and modern. Malevolent hackers continually probe for weaknesses as banks are striving to stay ahead. And if they don’t? Bitcoin embodied an anti-establishment, libertarian threat to banks: that upstart technologists might disrupt them as Amazon has disrupted bricks-and-mortar retailers and Uber cabbies. So far that has not happened, to the chagrin of ambitious financial-technology (fintech) startups and the relief of many bankers. New competitors have made some inroads, but—in Western countries, at least—they are finding that collaboration is a likelier path to success than a full-on fight. Moreover, far from being usurped by bitcoin, banks are eager to turn blockchain, the technology on which it is based, to their own ends. Again, co-operation with technology companies, and sometimes with other banks, is the order of the day. To be sure, a gang of newcomers have muscled their way into their domains. Peer-to-peer or marketplace lenders, such as Lending Club and SoFi in America, or Funding Circle and RateSetter in Britain, connect people and companies that want to borrow with those that have money to lend, promising both sides keener rates. Britain’s MarketInvoice allows small companies to borrow against receivables immediately, rather than turn to a bank or wait for bills to be paid. Digital banks such as N26 in Germany, Tinkoff Bank in Russia and an array of British hopefuls are challenging incumbents. But banks are not easily displaced. Peer-to-peer lending, for instance, has grown rapidly, but still amounted to just $19bn on America’s biggest platforms and £3.8bn in Britain last year, according to AltFi Data, an analytics company. And some marketplaces now involve banks. Lex Sokolin, director of fintech strategy at Autonomous, a research firm, argues that music—one of the first industries to be attacked by digital revolutionaries—was fairly easily disrupted. Retailing was a little harder, but customers got used to not handling books, cameras and clothes before buying. Finance and health care, he says, are much more difficult. People are rarely inspired by financial products, says Mr Sokolin, which makes it costly to build a brand. It is easier to team up with those who already have the customers. Banks command resources that small startups can only dream of: last year JPMorgan Chase spent over $9.5bn on technology, including $3bn on new initiatives. As well as economies of scale, they enjoy the advantage of incumbency in a heavily regulated industry. Entrants have to apply for banking licences, hire compliance staff and so forth, the costs of which weigh more heavily on smaller firms. Even tech giants, which are moving into finance and may enjoy more trust from younger customers than banks do, could be deterred. Apple, Google and Samsung all have apps allowing people to pay shopkeepers from smartphones, and Amazon offers loans to businesses selling on its platform, but may not want to be supervised as closely as banks are now. Latest updates Striking out on the American dream Prospero14 hours ago Did a selfie accidentally reveal the administration’s plan to halt all visas? Gulliver15 hours ago America’s food-truck industry is growing rapidly despite roadblocks Graphic detail15 hours ago Ivanka Trump and the push for paid parental leave Democracy in America16 hours ago Retail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates 21 hours ago Foreign reserves 21 hours ago See all updates In the West, regulation is opening up more of the field to fintechs, both large and small. A revised European Union directive on payment services, known as PSD2, allows third parties to offer more convenient ways of paying online or to consolidate information from different accounts (with the holder’s permission) so that people can keep track of their finances. America has no equivalent, but the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which oversees national banks, has proposed giving special licences to fintechs. How China does it China’s digital behemoths worry less about such things. Companies like Ant Financial, the financial arm of Alibaba, an e-commerce giant, and JD.com, another online marketplace, have masses of data about those who buy and sell on their platforms. They know their spending habits and how much cash they can spare, so an easy next step is to offer them small loans. Big Chinese banks in any case neglect consumers and small businesses, so customers feel no loyalty towards incumbent lenders. Regulators have also been willing to let online companies shift into finance. No wonder that Asia accounts for the bulk of investment in fintech (see chart). Wherever they are, even small fintechs have at least two advantages over bigger rivals. First, they are nimble, writing and rewriting code, testing and retesting products, discarding what doesn’t work and improving what does. Better, an online mortgage-broker in New York, updates its products “20 or 30 times a day”, says Erik Bernhardsson, the company’s chief technology officer. Banks might do so “every six months”. Second, fintechs attract bright, mainly young people whom banks might have hoped to get to work for them (see article). Plenty of them used to. Joseph Lubin, the founder of ConsenSys, a blockchain company in Brooklyn, came from Goldman Sachs; Andrew Keys, the head of business development, was previously an analyst at UBS; and other colleagues used to work at Bank of America, Deutsche Bank and HSBC. A profitable symbiosis All this fosters co-operation between banks and fintech companies. Fintechs gain access to banks’ scale and customers. Banks can exploit fintechs’ expertise in programming and in analysing mountains of data. Co-operation may also lessen (but not eliminate) the danger that banks are reduced to dumb utilities, maintaining basic systems on which others make money from fancy new products. Application programming interfaces, or APIs—routines that connect two lots of software—are taking symbiosis a stage further. Small businesses, say, might use accounting software, created by a fintech, through a bank’s online platform. Banks (and central banks) have invited startups to develop products in controlled environments such as in-house labs and accelerator programmes. That can lead to more formal arrangements. Bipin Sahni, head of research and development in Wells Fargo’s innovation group, says 11 young firms have gone through his bank’s six-month programme since 2014. Being based in San Francisco, Mr Sahni adds, “we see more interesting companies than a bank sitting in other parts of the United States.” For fintechs, symbiosis need not mean minnowhood. Stripe, a San Francisco firm, processes mobile and online payments on companies’ behalf, linking them to card networks (and through them, banks) in much the same way as bricks-and-mortar retailers and offering them additional software tools. It was valued at $9.2bn in November, when it last raised money. Patrick Collison, who founded Stripe with his brother John in 2010, explains that from the beginning the plan had been to work with credit- and debit-card networks. “It was always clear there was no viable independent strategy,” he says. Some fintechs allow lenders to reach customers they might otherwise miss—for instance, by improving underwriting. Better funds mortgage applicants with capital from more than 20 investors, including Fannie Mae and most of America’s big banks, letting its software decide which of the investors’ underwriting criteria suit the borrower best. Chinese internet giants, too, are using smaller fintechs. Douglas Merrill of ZestFinance in Los Angeles says that Baidu, a search-engine titan that has a stake in his firm, increased approval rates for its small-loans programme by 150% without a rise in losses; ZestFinance’s software crunches reams of messy data, allowing less obviously creditworthy people to borrow. A big American credit-card issuer, Mr Merrill adds, has cut annual losses by “a nine-figure number”; a carmaker has reduced credit losses by more than 20%. Adam Ludwin of Chain, another blockchain company, calls examples like these, in which new and better products are connected to banks’ own infrastructure, “top-down fintech”. “They do what financial institutions should have done, but do it more quickly.” Blockchain, by contrast, he calls “bottom-up”: new infrastructure, either within banks or shared among them. Blockchain enthusiasts stress that its potential stretches far beyond finance. In essence, a blockchain is an immutable shared record known as a distributed ledger. It might list transactions, payments or simply owners of money, land, shares or other assets. All parties have their own copies, which are updated instantly once changes are agreed on. That makes it lightning-fast by comparison with traditional transactions. Transfers between American banks, for example, can take three days. International transfers, which may involve several banks, can take even longer, and senders do not always know how much recipients will get after banks have taken their cut. Settlement of securities trades can be held up because one bank’s record of who sold what to whom, when and for how much may differ from another’s. A blockchain permits just one version of the truth, holding out the promise of huge savings in back offices. “Blockchain reduces the cost of trust,” says Mr Lubin of ConsenSys. Chain reaction Banks, central banks, regulators, exchanges and technology companies both large and small are working on a host of projects using blockchain. Collaborative efforts abound, including Hyperledger, run by the Linux Foundation, a non-profit group that promotes open-source software, and backed by IBM; R3, a consortium involving several banks; and the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), the newest such group, which includes Microsoft and ConsenSys, as well as an array of banks. Among Chain’s projects is a payment-settlement system for VISA, a credit-card network, which is due to go live this year. Another hopeful, Ripple, has payments partnerships with several banks, including Santander. Digital Asset is developing a clearing-and-settlement system for the Australian stock exchange. This mix reflects different ideas about which version of blockchain will work best. The EEA is building private, secure blockchains with technology repurposed from an open, public network, based on ethereum, another blockchain platform, which its creators believe will be the next generation of the internet. Others think blockchains will be more specialised. Ryan Zagone, Ripple’s head of regulatory relations, likens bitcoin to the Model T Ford: since that first appeared, carmakers have produced vehicles in many shapes and sizes for specific uses. Blockchain, he thinks, will follow the same pattern. This technology is still in its infancy, but with plenty of applications in the pipeline, banks should soon start to learn whether, and in what form, it lives up to its promise. Until then they have little choice but to pursue it. They are under pressure from supervisors and shareholders to reduce costs, and from clients to work better and faster. The eventual gains will probably flow to customers rather than producers, because that is usually the way with leaps in technology. But the banks know that it is better to be first than to bring up the rear. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "Friends or foes?" Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content → The millennial problem: Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Health-care reformRepublicans sign up for political painUnited States BiotechnologyCell-free biotech will make for better productsScience and technology Daily chartAmerica’s food-truck industry is growing rapidlyGraphic detail You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years on: When the music stoppedHow the 2007-08 crisis unfolded A brief history print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 4th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon EXACTLY TEN YEARS ago, on May 6th 2007, ABN AMRO rejected a $24.5bn bid by three European rivals for LaSalle, a Chicago bank which the Dutch lender had owned since 1979. The previous month Britain’s Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), Spain’s Santander and Belgium’s Fortis had offered €72.2bn (then $98bn), almost all in cash, for the whole of ABN AMRO. By October that year RBS and its partners had won their prize, minus LaSalle, in what is still banking’s biggest takeover. When ABN AMRO was carved up, RBS briefly enjoyed the glory of being the world’s largest bank by assets. A giddy party was in full swing. “As long as the music is playing,” Chuck Prince, then boss of Citigroup, told the Financial Times in a quip that became notorious, “you’ve got to get up and dance.” But the tunes were already off-key. American house prices, driven skyward by low interest rates and rash lending to “subprime” borrowers (people with poor or non-existent credit histories) had peaked a year earlier. In February 2007 Britain’s HSBC shocked markets by raising its bad-debt provisions to $10.5bn, $1.8bn more than analysts had expected, because of failing American subprime mortgages. During that summer two hedge funds run by Bear Stearns, an investment bank, collapsed after losing money on soured subprime investments. As banks started to worry about exposure to subprime lending and the piles of complicated derivatives connected to it, credit markets began to seize up, causing BNP Paribas, a French bank, to suspend withdrawals from three funds in August. The following month Northern Rock, a British mortgage lender that had funded its rapid expansion in the flighty wholesale markets, asked the Bank of England for liquidity support. Depositors queued round the block to retrieve their money. In November 2007 the music stopped even for Mr Prince: he resigned. That quarter Citi took subprime-related write-downs of $18.1bn. The euphoric frenzy came to a total halt with Lehman Brothers’ implosion in September 2008. The mergers of that period, unlike the opulent, record-breaking deal of 2007, were hasty, embarrassed dashes to the altar. JPMorgan Chase saved Bear Stearns in March 2008 when Bear’s failure became inevitable. After Lehman’s collapse, JPMorgan took over Washington Mutual, which had become America’s seventh-biggest bank on the back of the housing boom. Bank of America absorbed Countrywide, another over-eager housing lender, and then Merrill Lynch. Japan’s MUFG bought 20% of Morgan Stanley. Wells Fargo snapped up Wachovia, America’s fourth-biggest bank. After its moment in the sun, RBS would have followed Lehman into oblivion but for a £45bn ($78bn) bail-out from the British government. Today, after nine years of losses, it remains in state ownership. Fortis was rescued by the governments of Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands and dismembered. Santander played its hand far better. It emerged from the crisis without a single quarter of losses, and remains the euro zone’s most valuable bank. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "When the music stopped" Latest updates Striking out on the American dream Prospero14 hours ago Did a selfie accidentally reveal the administration’s plan to halt all visas? Gulliver15 hours ago America’s food-truck industry is growing rapidly despite roadblocks Graphic detail16 hours ago Ivanka Trump and the push for paid parental leave Democracy in America16 hours ago Retail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates 21 hours ago Foreign reserves 21 hours ago See all updates Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content → Sheep and goats: American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Health-care reformRepublicans sign up for political painUnited States BiotechnologyCell-free biotech will make for better productsScience and technology Daily chartAmerica’s food-truck industry is growing rapidlyGraphic detail You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shell Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Target Price at $97.80 Analysts Set SunPower Co. (SPWR) Target Price at $8.90 Analysts Set Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Price Target at $37.86 Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.19 EPS Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results TiVo Corp (TIVO) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Algert Global LLC Boosts Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) 96,387 Shares in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Acquired by Algert Global LLC Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) Algert Global LLC Raises Stake in Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) First Trust Advisors LP Sells 154,700 Shares of Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $14.516 Million Stake in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $13,695,000 Position in Cavium Inc (CAVM) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Maintains Position in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) First Trust Advisors LP Lowers Stake in United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) First Trust Advisors LP Has $48.176 Million Stake in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) First Republic Bank (FRC) Shares Bought by First Trust Advisors LP Central Pacific Financial Corp. (CPF) EVP Arnold D. Martines Sells 750 Shares RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Director Thomas Mceachin Purchases 4,500 Shares of Stock Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) Upgraded to “Neutral” at Hilliard Lyons Analysts Set Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Price Target at $37.86 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Shell Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:SHLX) have been given an average recommendation of “Buy” by the eight ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $37.86. Several equities analysts recently commented on SHLX shares. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Shell Midstream Partners from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $38.00 target price for the company. Shares of Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) traded down 3.49% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $31.78. 342,855 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.48 and a beta of 1.25. Shell Midstream Partners has a 52 week low of $25.42 and a 52 week high of $37.65. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $32.17 and its 200-day moving average is $30.21. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The pipeline company reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $75.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $73.06 million. Shell Midstream Partners had a net margin of 77.39% and a return on equity of 56.13%. Shell Midstream Partners’s revenue was up 11.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. Analysts forecast that Shell Midstream Partners will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a dividend of $0.291 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Shell Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.16 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.66%. Shell Midstream Partners’s payout ratio is presently 83.46%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/analysts-set-shell-midstream-partners-lp-shlx-price-target-at-37-86.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Good Life Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners during the fourth quarter valued at about $211,000. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA bought a new stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners during the first quarter valued at about $239,000. Linscomb & Williams Inc. raised its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 30.3% in the fourth quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc. now owns 9,084 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 2,110 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 39.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 10,117 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 2,864 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Country Club Trust Company n.a. raised its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 1.3% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 10,606 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $342,000 after buying an additional 141 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 81.00% of the company’s stock. About Shell Midstream Partners Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership company, which owns, operates, develops and acquires pipelines and other midstream assets. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiary, Shell Midstream Operating, LLC. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast and Midwest refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to demand centers. Receive News & Ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jounce Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Zacks: Whitbread (WTBCY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Cohu, Inc. (COHU) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Caretrust REIT Inc (CTRE) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $15.597 Million Position in CDK Global Inc (CDK) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Boosts Stake in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Buys Shares of 20,800 NetApp Inc. (NTAP) 361 Capital LLC Acquires 2,407 Shares of Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Sonoco Products Co (SON) Position Held by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Lowers Position in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Capital One National Association Has $839,000 Position in NewMarket Co. (NEU) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Gap (GPS) Heidrick & Struggles International (HSII) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Trimble Inc (TRMB) CFO Robert G. Painter Sells 3,000 Shares Community First Bancshares, Inc. (CFBI) Director Marshall L. Ginn Acquires 8,500 Shares of Stock Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance Ball Co. (BLL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Zacks: Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Jounce Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:JNCE) has earned a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the four analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Brokerages have set a one year consensus target price of $29.00 for the company and are expecting that the company will post ($0.09) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Jounce Therapeutics an industry rank of 83 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Several analysts recently commented on JNCE shares. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Robert W. Baird started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. Cowen and Company started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Jounce Therapeutics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Shares of Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) traded down 2.35% during trading on Thursday, hitting $26.59. 200,951 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $24.01 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.25. The stock’s market cap is $64.45 million. Jounce Therapeutics has a one year low of $16.33 and a one year high of $29.29. Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) last announced its earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The company reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.01. The firm earned $20.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up NaN% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Jounce Therapeutics will post ($0.75) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/zacks-analysts-set-29-00-target-price-for-jounce-therapeutics-inc-jnce.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of JNCE. Bank of New York Mellon Corp acquired a new position in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at $385,000. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new position in Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $767,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. purchased a new position in Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $2,761,000. Jounce Therapeutics Company Profile Jounce Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company. The Company is engaged in developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, the Company first focuses on specific cell types within tumors to prioritize targets, and then identify related biomarkers designed to match the right therapy to the right patient. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Jounce Therapeutics (JNCE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Gap (GPS) Heidrick & Struggles International (HSII) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Trimble Inc (TRMB) CFO Robert G. Painter Sells 3,000 Shares Community First Bancshares, Inc. (CFBI) Director Marshall L. Ginn Acquires 8,500 Shares of Stock Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance Ball Co. (BLL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS CONE Midstream Partners LP (CNNX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Announces Earnings Results Brokerages Anticipate Astronics Co. (ATRO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Capital One National Association Has $957,000 Stake in ITT Inc. (ITT) Capital One National Association Sells 5,424 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Avista Corp (AVA) Shares Bought by Trillium Asset Management LLC Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Bought by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Trillium Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 20,661 INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Stake Raised by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires New Stake in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Gap (GPS) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Gap (NYSE: GPS): 4/28/2017 – Gap had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wolfe Research. They now have a $32.00 price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Gap was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $24.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $21.00. 4/20/2017 – Gap was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $24.84 price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Gap was upgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating. 4/18/2017 – Gap had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $26.00 price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Gap had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Gap had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $34.00 price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Gap had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. They now have a $25.50 price target on the stock, up previously from $24.50. 3/9/2017 – Gap is now covered by analysts at Guggenheim. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Shares of Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS) traded down 1.57% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $25.70. 3,739,823 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average is $24.46 and its 200-day moving average is $24.83. Gap Inc has a 12 month low of $17.00 and a 12 month high of $30.74. The stock has a market cap of $10.28 billion, a PE ratio of 15.21 and a beta of 0.99. Gap (NYSE:GPS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The apparel retailer reported $0.51 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.51. The company had revenue of $4.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.39 billion. Gap had a return on equity of 32.19% and a net margin of 4.33%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.57 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Gap Inc will post $1.99 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, April 5th were issued a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.58%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, April 3rd. Gap’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 55.09%. In other news, Director Robert J. Fisher sold 500,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.58, for a total transaction of $12,290,000.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 8,867,728 shares in the company, valued at $217,968,754.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Andi Owen sold 38,278 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.97, for a total value of $917,523.66. Following the sale, the insider now owns 30,778 shares in the company, valued at $737,748.66. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 30.00% of the company’s stock. The Gap, Inc (Gap Inc) is an apparel retail company. The Company offers apparel, accessories and personal care products for men, women and children under the Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Athleta and Intermix brands. Its products are available to customers online through Company-owned Websites and through the use of third-parties that provide logistics and fulfillment services. Receive News & Ratings for Gap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing America's Heroin Epidemic The Big Questions TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 1 2017, 2:54 pm ET Trump Is Considering Breaking Up Big Banks by Jeff Cox, CNBC Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump is considering breaking up the nation's biggest banks, a vow he had made during the presidential campaign then seemed to put on the back burner. In an interview Monday with Bloomberg News, Trump said he is "looking at that right now." Bank stocks rallied, with investors taking a win-win view: Breaking up the big banks would open business opportunities for smaller institutions, while the large Wall Street firms would be worth more as separate entities than they are combined. "The theory has always been the sum of the parts is worth considerably more than the whole," said analyst Dick Bove, vice president for equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets. "You might find a lot of investors who say that (if) they're going to break up these banks, they're more [valuable] in pieces than they are together, I'm going to buy them." Bank of America shares jumped 1.7 percent, a high for the session, while JPMorgan Chase was up 0.6 percent. The industry breakup would come with the revival of a Glass-Steagall-type law, which separated commercial and investment banks but was repealed in 1999. Related: Vexation Gives Way to Pragmatism as Wall Street Girds for Trump Trump's sentiments came the same day he met with leaders of the Independent Community Bankers Association, an advocacy group for small- and mid-market institutions. Industry analyst Dick Bove believes that may not be a coincidence. "He probably made a statement to them that they wanted to hear," Bove said. "In the last few weeks he has been heavily campaigning again, and I think this is just part of his campaign." Whether anything will come of it legislatively is unclear. Bank stocks had been one of the biggest winners of the Trump trade, rallying strongly after his victory in the November presidential election. The Glass-Steagall repeal is sometimes blamed for the financial crisis that peaked in 2008. However, many of the big institutions at the center of the crisis were not banking behemoths but rather investment banks or, in the case of American International Group, an insurer. Still, the Republican platform last year carried language calling for a reinstatement of the law. "There's some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that," Trump said in the interview. Jeff Cox, CNBC Email Topic Business News First Published May 1 2017, 2:54 pm ET Next Story China's C919 Passenger Jet Set for Maiden Flight in Challenge to Boeing, Airbus advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Boosted by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Aqua America Inc (WTR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Sonic Automotive Inc (SAH) LSV Asset Management Boosts Position in Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $395,000 Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $368,000 Position in MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $358,000 Position in Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.17 EPS Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Releases Earnings Results $1.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for Praxair, Inc. (PX) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Will Post Earnings of $1.98 Per Share Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings CPI Card Group Inc (PMTS) Trading Down 16.7% Following Weak Earnings Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Gap Up After Earnings Beat Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Chairman Bruce A. Campbell Sells 7,686 Shares United Technologies Co. (UTX) VP Sells $322,970.06 in Stock Mastercard Inc (MA) CEO Ajay Banga Sells 161,742 Shares Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “NovoCure Limited is an oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called Tumor Treating Fields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. It operates primarily in the United States, Germany, Switzerland and Japan. NovoCure Limited is based in Saint Helier, Channel Islands. “ A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Novocure from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Wedbush restated an outperform rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Aegis restated a buy rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, JMP Securities restated an outperform rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Novocure currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $16.43. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) remained flat at $11.30 on Wednesday. The stock had a trading volume of 285,740 shares. Novocure has a 12-month low of $5.95 and a 12-month high of $14.30. The company’s market cap is $995.90 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $8.13. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. Novocure had a negative return on equity of 69.89% and a negative net margin of 219.29%. The company earned $34.88 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $39.46 million. On average, equities analysts predict that Novocure will post ($0.90) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/novocure-ltd-nvcr-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. In other news, insider Yoram Palti sold 16,000 shares of Novocure stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.64, for a total transaction of $170,240.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 143,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,530,298. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Gert L. Perlhagen purchased 125,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $6.93 per share, for a total transaction of $866,250.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 6,125,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $42,446,250. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 68,000 shares of company stock worth $747,280. Corporate insiders own 33.90% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Highline Capital Management L.P. boosted its stake in Novocure by 3.5% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,818,079 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $15,526,000 after buying an additional 62,200 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Novocure by 7.4% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 1,210,934 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $10,051,000 after buying an additional 83,448 shares during the period. Tamarack Advisers LP acquired a new stake in Novocure during the third quarter worth $6,557,000. Courage Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Novocure during the third quarter worth $4,270,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Novocure by 1.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 173,523 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $1,406,000 after buying an additional 2,480 shares during the period. 21.98% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Novocure NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Church & Dwight Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings CPI Card Group Inc (PMTS) Trading Down 16.7% Following Weak Earnings Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Gap Up After Earnings Beat Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Chairman Bruce A. Campbell Sells 7,686 Shares United Technologies Co. (UTX) VP Sells $322,970.06 in Stock Mastercard Inc (MA) CEO Ajay Banga Sells 161,742 Shares Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Eqis Capital Management Inc. Lowers Stake in NetEase Inc (NTES) KB Financial Group, Inc. (KB) Position Raised by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Eqis Capital Management Inc. Buys 943 Shares of INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Position Boosted by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 5,232 Shares of Textron Inc. (TXT) PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Shares Sold by British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd LSV Asset Management Increases Position in Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Invests $25.454 Million in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Downgraded to Hold at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Upgraded by Citigroup Inc to Neutral Mtu Aero Engines A (MTUAY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Neutral” Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Upgraded to “Buy” by Deutsche Bank AG Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Given “Hold” Rating at Maxim Group Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Gap Up After Earnings Beat May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD)’s share price gapped up before the market opened on Thursday following a better than expected earnings announcement. The stock had previously closed at $47.39, but opened at $48.75. Church & Dwight Co. shares last traded at $50.85, with a volume of 3,420,722 shares traded. The company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.06. Church & Dwight Co. had a return on equity of 23.11% and a net margin of 13.14%. The firm had revenue of $877.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $869.06 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.43 EPS. Church & Dwight Co.’s revenue was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 16th will be paid a dividend of $0.19 per share. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.49%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 12th. Church & Dwight Co.’s payout ratio is 40.69%. CHD has been the topic of several research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Church & Dwight Co. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $53.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered Church & Dwight Co. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Vetr lowered Church & Dwight Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $46.83 price target on the stock. in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Church & Dwight Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $48.00 to $46.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $49.57. In other news, EVP Steven P. Cugine sold 17,400 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.83, for a total value of $867,042.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 46,348 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,309,520.84. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, VP Paul A. Siracusa sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.02, for a total value of $1,250,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 26,279 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,314,475.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 62,400 shares of company stock worth $3,110,542. Company insiders own 2.17% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Farr Miller & Washington LLC DC increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Farr Miller & Washington LLC DC now owns 6,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $274,000 after buying an additional 28 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 0.7% in the first quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 6,190 shares of the company’s stock worth $309,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 0.3% in the first quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 18,180 shares of the company’s stock worth $907,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 1.0% in the first quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 11,267 shares of the company’s stock worth $562,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 14,824 shares of the company’s stock worth $655,000 after buying an additional 112 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.56% of the company’s stock. The stock has a market cap of $12.95 billion, a PE ratio of 29.06 and a beta of 0.43. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $50.01 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.19. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/church-dwight-co-inc-chd-shares-gap-up-after-earnings-beat.html. Church & Dwight Co. Company Profile Church & Dwight Co, Inc develops, manufactures and markets a range of household, personal care and specialty products. The Company’s segments include Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division (SPD). The Company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors. Receive News & Ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA Announces Special Dividend of $0.01 (BBD) Triangle Capital Co. (TCAP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.45 Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” NanoString Technologies Inc (NSTG) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Malibu Boats (MBUU) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.12 EPS Tesla Inc (TSLA) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $1.30 EPS Panalpina Welt Ag Unspon (PLWTY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Qiagen NV’s (QGEN) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Commerzbank Ag Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Lowers 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) to Sell Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Cerner Co. (CERN) VP Michael R. Battaglioli Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock Discover Financial Services (DFS) EVP Julie A. Loeger Sells 5,000 Shares Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Stake Lowered by Tyers Asset Management LLC Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) Shares Bought by Tyers Asset Management LLC Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Shares Bought by Grimes & Company Inc. State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 400 Shares of Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “OMA operates and manages 13 international airports in the north and central regions of Mexico. OMA’s airports serve Monterrey, México’s third largest metropolitan area, the tourist destinations of Acapulco, Mazatlan, and Zihuatanejo, and nine other regional centers and border cities. OMA’s airports fulfill international safety norms and have received environmental compliance certificates. Their corporate name is Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V., and they serve their passengers, their airlines, and their business partners under the commercial name OMA. “ Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Citigroup Inc raised Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $74.33. Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) traded down 2.42% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $43.95. 77,439 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort has a 52 week low of $30.05 and a 52 week high of $53.58. The company has a market capitalization of $2.16 billion, a PE ratio of 21.80 and a beta of 0.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $43.41 and its 200-day moving average is $39.48. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/grupo-aeroportuario-del-centro-nort-omab-downgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 44.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 41,337 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $1,945,000 after buying an additional 12,669 shares during the last quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 2,810,462 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $97,074,000 after buying an additional 100,600 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the fourth quarter worth about $9,200,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 57.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 331,900 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $11,464,000 after buying an additional 121,200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp acquired a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the third quarter worth about $246,000. 10.80% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Company Profile Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB. de C.V. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain and develop over 10 airports in Mexico. The Company’s segments include Metropolitan, Tourist, Regional, Border, Hotel and Other. The Company also engages in various commercial and diversification activities conducted at its airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and retailers, the operation of parking facilities, and the operation of the NH Terminal 2 Hotel and the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at the Monterrey airport. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman GoDaddy Inc. Announces Pricing of Follow-on Offering and Repurchase SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY), the world’s largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures, announced today the pricing of an underwritten public offering of shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of $38.50 per share pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Selling stockholders are offering 24,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and have also granted the underwriters an option to purchase 3,615,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. Selling stockholders participating in the offering include entities affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., Silver Lake Partners, Technology Crossover Ventures, and YAM Special Holdings, Inc., an entity owned by our founder, Bob Parsons. GoDaddy will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. GoDaddy is also offering 100,000 shares of its Class A common stock and intends to use the proceeds of the offering to pay the transaction expenses incurred in connection with the offering and any remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. In addition, GoDaddy announced that it entered into an agreement to repurchase from the selling stockholders an aggregate of $275 million of limited liability company units of Desert Newco, LLC (together with a corresponding number of shares of GoDaddy’s Class B common stock ) at the same per share price paid by the underwriters to the selling stockholders in the offering. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are acting as lead joint bookrunners for the offering. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as book-running managers for the offering. KKR Capital Markets LLC, Evercore Group L.L.C., JMP Securities LLC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co. are acting as co-managers for the offering. GoDaddy filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was effective upon filing on April 5, 2016, including a base prospectus dated April 5, 2016, and has filed a preliminary prospectus supplement dated May 3, 2017, to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in the registration statement, the related preliminary prospectus supplement and the other documents GoDaddy has filed with the SEC for more complete information about GoDaddy and this offering. The proposed offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, by telephone at (866) 718-1649 or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (866) 803-9204 or by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847 or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.  About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world’s largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and more than 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. Source: GoDaddy Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/godaddy-inc-announces-pricing-of-follow-on-offering-and-repurchase-300452059.html SOURCE GoDaddy Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) – White Blood Cell Count Predicts Response to Lung Cancer Immunotherapy Next PostNext REMINDER: Forest City Realty Trust 2017 First-Quarter Earnings Conference Call Search Recent Posts City Celebrates National Historic Preservation Month in May EPD on the Beat – May 2017 Urban Edge Properties Announces Pricing of Common Stock Offering Police Response to Domestic Violence, 2006-2015 Cool Zones Help Beat the Heat RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pzena Investment Management Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Strattec Security Corp. (STRT) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Simpson Manufacturing Co (SSD) Stock Price Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact SeaWorld Entertainment (SEAS) Share Price Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Pzena Investment Management (PZN) Stock Price Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Stake Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Reduces Position in Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $3.702 Million Stake in Centurylink Inc (CTL) Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Position Boosted by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Takes Position in Snap Inc (SNAP) Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Position Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI C WorldWide Group Holding A S Continues to Hold Position in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) C WorldWide Group Holding A S Invests $2.487 Million in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) C WorldWide Group Holding A S Has $1,650,000 Stake in Ingredion Inc (INGR) Macy's Inc (M) Shares Sold by Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Shares Sold by Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Shares Sold by Eads & Heald Investment Counsel Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Holds Stake in Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) BIOLASE Inc (BIOL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Pzena Investment Management (PZN) Stock Price May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) has been trending positive on Thursday, AlphaOne reports. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Pzena Investment Management earned a media sentiment score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news stories about the asset manager an impact score of 66 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. Several research analysts have issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Pzena Investment Management in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pzena Investment Management from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $13.00 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Shares of Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) traded down 2.16% on Thursday, reaching $9.49. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 25,343 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $9.95 and its 200 day moving average price is $9.83. The company has a market cap of $164.76 million, a P/E ratio of 15.76 and a beta of 2.07. Pzena Investment Management has a 12-month low of $7.06 and a 12-month high of $11.85. Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The asset manager reported $0.12 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.13 by $0.01. Pzena Investment Management had a return on equity of 13.43% and a net margin of 14.93%. The company earned $32 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $30 million. Pzena Investment Management’s quarterly revenue was up 24.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Pzena Investment Management will post $0.52 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be given a $0.03 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 26th. This represents a $0.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.26%. Pzena Investment Management’s dividend payout ratio is currently 20.69%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/favorable-press-coverage-likely-to-affect-pzena-investment-management-pzn-stock-price.html. Pzena Investment Management Company Profile Pzena Investment Management, Inc is a holding company. The Company is the sole managing member of Pzena Investment Management, LLC. Pzena Investment Management, LLC is an investment management company. The Company also serves as the general partner of Pzena Investment Management, LP. The Company offers institutional investment products to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, foundations and certain commingled vehicles geared toward institutional investors. Receive News & Ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aduro BioTech’s (ADRO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Bunge Ltd (BG) Lowered to Equal Weight at Stephens BCE Inc. (BCE) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Price Target Cut to $12.00 by Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies FireEye Inc (FEYE) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Klondex Mines Ltd (KLDX) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research FireEye’s (FEYE) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Kaman Co. (KAMN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Receives $29.29 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Issues Q4 Earnings Guidance HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.35 On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Michael Mcgowan Sells 31,400 Shares Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) CTO Ohad Korkus Sells 61,226 Shares Eddie Stobart Logistics PLC (ESL) Insider Philip Swatman Purchases 12,500 Shares Alliance Trust PLC (ATST) Insider Karl Sternberg Acquires 3,000 Shares Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Receives “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Marathon Patent Group Inc (MARA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Bunge Ltd (BG) Lowered to Equal Weight at Stephens May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stephens downgraded shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday, The Fly reports. Several other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on BG. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Bunge from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price objective on shares of Bunge and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Bunge from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $88.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Bunge from a neutral rating to an underweight rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. Bunge has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $76.86. Bunge (NYSE:BG) traded up 4.10% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $69.79. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,930,327 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.92 and a beta of 1.04. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $78.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $72.51. Bunge has a 52 week low of $56.69 and a 52 week high of $82.66. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.96 billion. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. Bunge’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.41 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Bunge will post $6.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Bunge Ltd (BG) Lowered to Equal Weight at Stephens” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/bunge-ltd-bg-lowered-to-equal-weight-at-stephens.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a $0.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.41%. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 37.75%. In related news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is owned by insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Bunge by 8.0% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 5,245 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $311,000 after buying an additional 390 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Bunge by 2.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 20,226 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,198,000 after buying an additional 387 shares during the period. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its stake in shares of Bunge by 1,615.3% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 174,153 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $10,315,000 after buying an additional 164,000 shares during the period. Alambic Investment Management L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Bunge by 8.2% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 19,700 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the period. Finally, Marathon Asset Management LLP bought a new stake in shares of Bunge during the third quarter worth $35,037,000. 78.49% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Union Bank Expands San Francisco Private Wealth Management Team SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Union Bank today announced that Tyler Brasfield and Lawrence Parente have joined its Private Wealth Management team in San Francisco, CA as Private Wealth Advisors. Brasfield joins as a Vice President and Parente joins as a Director. They report to Lisa Roberts, Head of Private Wealth Management for Northern California and the Pacific Northwest, who was appointed to her role in the fall of 2016. Brasfield and Parente work hand in hand with a team of wealth management professionals across disciplines and provide customized wealth management planning to assist clients achieve their long-term financial goals. “Union Bank has a 150 year history supporting the families, business owners and individual visionaries that have made Northern California the vibrant economy it is today. Building on that legacy, we continue to make strategic appointments to assist our Northern California clients through some of the challenges and opportunities they currently face,” Michael Feldman, Head of Wealth Markets, said. “Tyler and Larry are well-equipped to deliver comprehensive wealth planning by bringing together a team of specialists that can help clients navigate important matters, including rising interest rates and tax reform preparation.” Brasfield joined from J.P. Morgan Private Bank where he was a Private Wealth Advisor. He brings to Union Bank more than 12 years of experience in the financial services industry. Brasfield began his career advising executives of financially distressed hospitals on business and financial strategy. This included serving as a Manager for Accenture within their Strategy Consulting practice in New York. Additionally, he co-founded and served as Chief Operating Officer of Ecure, LLC, a consulting firm that advised private physician practices on financial management and operational improvement using smart technology. Brasfield received his MBA from Columbia Business School and his B.A. in Economics and Music Performance from Vanderbilt University. He serves as a Board Member of the New Canaan Society San Francisco and volunteers with Defy Ventures. Parente joined Union Bank from Jackson Square Financial, a registered independent advisory firm in San Francisco, where he was a Senior Wealth Manager. He brings more than 16 years of experience as an investment specialist. Parente also served as a Principal and Senior Wealth Advisor with Bessemer Trust, as a Senior Trust Specialist at Merrill Lynch, and as Senior Vice President and Senior Trust Officer at Bank of America’s Private Bank. As part of Bank of America’s Family Wealth Advisory team, he served families with $50 million or more in net worth. Parente is a licensed attorney in the State of California and practiced for two years at the firm of Brobeck, Phleger and Harrison in San Francisco. He earned his J.D. from Golden Gate University School of Law in San Francisco, CA and his B.A. from the University of Albany, NY. About The Wealth Markets Group The Wealth Markets Group at MUFG Union Bank, N.A. includes the company’s private wealth management, wealth planning, trust and estate services, as well as its investment advisory and brokerage subsidiary, UnionBanc Investment Services LLC (member FINRA/SIPC), its asset management subsidiary, HighMark Capital Management Inc., and its insurance division, UnionBanc Insurance Services, California State Insurance License No. 0817733. Non-deposit investment products: • Are NOT deposits or other obligations of, or guaranteed by, the Bank or any Bank affiliate • Are NOT insured by the FDIC or by any other federal government agency • Are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested • Insurance and annuities are products of the insurance carriers. About MUFG Union Bank, N.A. MUFG Union Bank, N.A., is a full-service bank with offices across the United States. We provide a wide spectrum of corporate, commercial and retail banking and wealth management solutions to meet the needs of customers. We also offer an extensive portfolio of value-added solutions for customers, including investment banking, personal and corporate trust, global custody, transaction banking, capital markets, and other services. With assets of $116.1 billion, as of March 31, 2017, MUFG Union Bank has strong capital reserves, credit ratings and capital ratios relative to peer banks. MUFG Union Bank is a proud member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (NYSE: MTU), one of the world’s largest financial organizations with total assets of approximately ¥302.1 trillion (JPY) or $2.6 trillion (USD)¹, as of December 31, 2016. The corporate headquarters (principal executive office) for MUFG Americas Holdings Corporation, which is the financial holding company and MUFG Union Bank, is in New York City. The main banking office of MUFG Union Bank is in San Francisco, California. 1 Exchange rate of 1 USD=¥116.49 (JPY) as of December 31, 2016 ©2017 MUFG Union Bank, N.A. All rights reserved. Member FDIC. Union Bank is a registered trademark and brand name of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious mPrest et Vector, le plus grand fournisseur d’électricité de Nouvelle-Zélande, signent un contrat visant à offrir l’« Internet de l’énergie » à plus d’un million de clients Next PostNext State Street Global Advisors Announces Impact of Receiving Payment Search Recent Posts thl Awarded First „China Ready Accreditation” New scholarships for future public housing professionals Russell McVeagh acts on first NZX listing of 2017 Thieves Can’t Make The Cut When It Comes To New Slash-Resistant Backpack Made With Honeywell Spectra INVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Home Capital Group Inc. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.26 EPS Expected for Nexstar Media Group Inc (NXST) This Quarter ShoreTel Inc (SHOR) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Qualys Inc (QLYS) Receives “Hold” Rating from Robert W. Baird Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Ballard Power Systems (BLDP) Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Haemonetics (HAE) Share Price $0.58 Earnings Per Share Expected for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) This Quarter Cognex Co. (CGNX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (FIX) Price Target Raised to $83.00 at Jefferies Group LLC New York Mortgage Trust (NYMT) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.07 CDW Corp’s (CDW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Robert W. Baird Intellia Therapeutics Inc (NTLA) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Expect Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) to Post -$0.36 EPS America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Given a $12.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Share Price $0.88 Earnings Per Share Expected for Magellan Health Inc (MGLN) This Quarter Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Primerica (PRI) Stock Price Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.04 Heico Corp (HEI) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.03 International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Acquires 18,115 Shares Cognex Co. (CGNX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Cognex Corp. designs, develops, manufactures, and markets machine vision systems that are used to automate a wide range of manufacturing processes where vision is required. Cognex machine vision systems consist of two primary elements: a computer, which serves as a machine vision engine, and software that processes and analyzes images. When connected to a video camera, the machine vision system captures images and extracts information, which determines appropriate action for other equipment in the manufacturing process. “ A number of other analysts have also weighed in on CGNX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Cognex in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 target price on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 target price (up previously from $61.00) on shares of Cognex in a report on Friday, February 17th. TheStreet lowered Cognex from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Summit Redstone reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Cognex in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on Cognex in a report on Monday, April 3rd. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Cognex currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $67.01. Shares of Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) traded down 0.14% on Thursday, hitting $88.61. The stock had a trading volume of 807,724 shares. The firm has a market cap of $7.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 51.61 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex has a 12-month low of $38.71 and a 12-month high of $90.29. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $82.88 and a 200 day moving average of $69.14. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a return on equity of 13.67% and a net margin of 26.59%. The business had revenue of $129.32 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.93 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.22 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 32.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Cognex will post $2.06 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.085 per share. This is a positive change from Cognex’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.34 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.38%. Cognex’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 20.13%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/cognex-co-cgnx-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. In other Cognex news, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.75, for a total transaction of $3,887,500.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,887,500. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total value of $389,250.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $389,250. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 105,000 shares of company stock worth $8,311,250. Corporate insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of CGNX. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Cognex by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,478,391 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $131,008,000 after buying an additional 34,602 shares during the last quarter. Axiom International Investors LLC DE acquired a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter valued at $4,044,000. Joho Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 9.7% in the third quarter. Joho Capital LLC now owns 1,690,138 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $89,341,000 after buying an additional 149,589 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 50.3% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 316,815 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $16,747,000 after buying an additional 105,978 shares during the period. Finally, GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter valued at $218,000. 90.00% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Cognex Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cognex (CGNX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shell Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Maintains Stake in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Trinity Industries Inc (TRN) Position Maintained by Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Buys 7,902 Shares of Matson, Inc. (MATX) Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Shares Sold by Cantillon Capital Management LLC Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Continues to Hold Position in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades CDK Global Inc (CDK) to “Buy” Lincoln Educational Services Corp (LINC) Stake Maintained by Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Consolidated Communications Holdings Inc (CNSL) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Has $901,000 Stake in Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Stake Raised by Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Has $934,000 Position in Newpark Resources Inc (NR) Progress Software Co. (PRGS) Stake Lowered by Heartland Advisors Inc. Heartland Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Hudson Global Inc (HSON) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Enanta Pharmaceuticals (ENTA) Share Price Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.24 Per Share Encore Capital Group (ECPG) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Declares $0.24 Quarterly Dividend Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) Given New $76.00 Price Target at Stephens Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Shell Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:SHLX) from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a report released on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. engages in owning, operating, developing and acquiring pipelines and other midstream assets. Its initial assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport growing onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to major demand centers. Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is based in Houston, Texas. “ Several other brokerages have also weighed in on SHLX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an overweight rating and a $38.00 price objective for the company. Mizuho reissued a buy rating and set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $37.86. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) traded down 3.49% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $31.78. 342,855 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Shell Midstream Partners has a 1-year low of $25.42 and a 1-year high of $37.81. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $32.17 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.20. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.48 and a beta of 1.25. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The pipeline company reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $75.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $73.06 million. Shell Midstream Partners had a return on equity of 56.13% and a net margin of 77.39%. Shell Midstream Partners’s revenue was up 11.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.38 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Shell Midstream Partners will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/shell-midstream-partners-lp-shlx-upgraded-to-hold-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be issued a $0.291 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Shell Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.16 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.66%. Shell Midstream Partners’s payout ratio is 83.46%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Chickasaw Capital Management LLC raised its position in Shell Midstream Partners by 3.2% in the first quarter. Chickasaw Capital Management LLC now owns 8,472,887 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $273,081,000 after buying an additional 265,172 shares during the period. Alps Advisors Inc. raised its position in Shell Midstream Partners by 4.5% in the third quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 5,651,526 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $181,301,000 after buying an additional 243,056 shares during the period. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. raised its position in Shell Midstream Partners by 11.4% in the fourth quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. now owns 1,876,528 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $54,588,000 after buying an additional 191,566 shares during the period. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS raised its position in Shell Midstream Partners by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 1,867,104 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $54,314,000 after buying an additional 110,287 shares during the period. Finally, Eagle Global Advisors LLC raised its position in Shell Midstream Partners by 16.9% in the third quarter. Eagle Global Advisors LLC now owns 1,493,968 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $47,926,000 after buying an additional 215,440 shares during the period. 81.00% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Shell Midstream Partners Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership company, which owns, operates, develops and acquires pipelines and other midstream assets. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiary, Shell Midstream Operating, LLC. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast and Midwest refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to demand centers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search for: njtoday.net – New Jersey's oldest weekly newspaper Main menu Skip to content Home Union County Middlesex County NJ News Opinion Health Money Schools Recreation & Lifestyle Sports Offbeat News Sub menu About us Advertise Print Subscriptions Send us stuff Share Your Family Events Citizen Journalism Classified Ads Food & Recipes Featured, Local Women Fighting Hunger Luncheon on Wednesday, May 10 by Staff Report • May 4, 2017 • 0 Comments The Community FoodBank of New Jersey will host its first-ever Women Fighting Hunger Luncheon on Wednesday, May 10, at the Canoe Brook Country Club in Short Hills. Due to the generous event sponsorship of Kings Food Markets, and support from the luncheon’s chairwomen and others, the FoodBank expects to raise more than $150,000, enough funds to provide over 23,300 Family Packs of weekend food for struggling families across New Jersey. The event will begin with a volunteer hour at 11 am, sponsored by JPMorgan Chase & Co., during which attendees will personally assemble family packs for New Jersey households in need. The FoodBank distributes more than 1,600 of these bags every Friday to New Jersey children at risk of hunger. A bag contains five to six pounds of grains, protein and produce to supplement families over the weekend. The luncheon will continue with an entertaining Chef – vs – Chef cooking challenge between Chef Ariane Duarte of Ariane Kitchen & Bar and the FoodBank’s own Executive Chef Paul Kapner. Three judges – the Star-Ledger’s Peter Genovese, New Jersey Monthly’s Suzanne Lowery and Jersey Bites’ Deborah Smith – will choose the winning dish made of FoodBank ingredients, while Joanna Gagis, Host of Life & Living and Executive Producer of the Caucus Educational Corporation, emcees the event. “It’s difficult to fathom that almost one in five kids in our great state faces hunger,” said Debra Vizzi, president of the Community FoodBank of New Jersey. “The FoodBank fights hunger every day, with a priority to reach these children.” “Through an array of child feeding programs, we provide hungry kids with the food and tools they need to lead healthy lives,” said Vizzi. “This luncheon is a fun way for us to raise awareness and funds to support this important work.” Learn more about the Women Fighting Hunger Luncheon at cfbnj.org/luncheon2017. Media are welcome to attend to cover the event. Connect with NJTODAY.NET Join NJTODAY.NET's free Email List to receive occasional updates delivered right to your email address! Online Form - Constant Contact Signup Form HTML Form Builder Print PDF Post navigation ← Plainfield man sentenced to 25 years for killing infant son Congress votes to kill millions of Americans, deny 24 million health coverage → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertise With NJTODAY.NET Copyright © 2017 njtoday.net. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Acquires 1,695 Shares of Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Sempra Energy (SRE) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 31,877 Cameco Corp (CCJ) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $355,000 in NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Advisory Services Network LLC Buys Shares of 7,486 PTC Inc (PTC) Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. Has $13.1 Million Position in Canadian National Railway (CNI) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $380,000 in LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Halfords Group plc (HFD) Receives “Buy” Rating from N+1 Singer Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Macy's Inc (M) Lowered to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research O. Rivera Nestor Sells 11,312 Shares of Popular Inc (BPOP) Stock Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Issues Earnings Results Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Petroquest Energy Inc (PQ) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS TransAct Technologies Incorporated (TACT) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.11 EPS Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their overweight rating on shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) in a report released on Wednesday morning. They currently have a GBX 400 ($5.16) target price on the natural resources company’s stock. Several other analysts also recently issued reports on GLEN. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of Glencore PLC from GBX 350 ($4.52) to GBX 380 ($4.91) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and issued a GBX 260 ($3.36) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Friday, January 6th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.68) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 370 ($4.78) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Liberum Capital increased their price objective on shares of Glencore PLC from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 285 ($3.68) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Glencore PLC currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 341.70 ($4.41). Shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) traded down 3.35% on Wednesday, hitting GBX 277.20. 73,043,546 shares of the company were exchanged. Glencore PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 124.55 and a 52-week high of GBX 347.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 313.10 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 297.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 39.50 billion. WARNING: “Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/glencore-plc-glen-given-overweight-rating-at-barclays-plc-2.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be paid a €0.04 ($0.04) dividend. This represents a yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Admiral Group plc (ADM) Given Sell Rating at Shore Capital Bovis Homes Group plc’s (BVS) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Centamin PLC’s (CEY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Panmure Gordon Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Given “Equal Weight” Rating at Barclays PLC BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Cut to “Neutral” at Citigroup Inc Analysts Expect Genesco Inc. (GCO) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Multi-Color Co. (LABL) to Post $0.86 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Will Announce Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Cna Financial Corp Boosted by Analyst (CNA) William Blair Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Brokers Offer Predictions for Huron Consulting Group’s Q1 2018 Earnings (HURN) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Mueller Water Products, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (MWA) Brokers Set Expectations for Texas Roadhouse Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (TXRH) Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on Cabot Oil & Gas Co.’s Q2 2018 Earnings (COG) Somewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Affect Cross Country Healthcare (CCRN) Share Price Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Cuts Position in Team, Inc. (TISI) Jennison Associates LLC Lowers Position in Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Jennison Associates LLC Has $64.424 Million Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Stake Maintained by Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC restated their equal weight rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 1,300 ($16.79) price objective on the mining company’s stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 1,510 ($19.50) price target on BHP Billiton plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered their price target on BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,800 ($23.24) to GBX 1,700 ($21.95) and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a research report on Wednesday. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a sector performer rating and set a GBX 1,625 ($20.98) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price target on BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,460 ($18.85) to GBX 1,450 ($18.72) and set a hold rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,287.95 ($16.63). Shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) traded down 2.53% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching GBX 1117.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 12,301,924 shares. BHP Billiton plc has a 12-month low of GBX 786.40 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,518.50. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 59.45 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,241.69 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,309.13. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/bhp-billiton-plcs-blt-equal-weight-rating-reaffirmed-at-barclays-plc.html. About BHP Billiton plc BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tahoe Resources’ (THO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Upgraded by AltaCorp Capital to “Outperform” Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Given Buy Rating at TD Securities WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Price Target Cut to C$24.00 by Analysts at CIBC Wajax Corp (WJX) Given a C$28.00 Price Target at TD Securities WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Downgraded to Underperform Market Weight at National Bank Financial Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Greenleaf Trust Decreases Position in AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) 10,395 Shares in Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Acquired by Greenleaf Trust Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $335,000 Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Sunoco LP (SUN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Dominion Midstream Partners LP (DM) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Nobilis Health Corp (HLTH) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Energy Focus Inc (EFOI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS Tahoe Resources’ (THO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet TD Securities reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (TSE:THO) (NASDAQ:TAHO) in a research note released on Wednesday morning. TD Securities currently has a C$16.00 price objective on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on THO. Royal Bank of Canada reduced their target price on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$19.00 to C$16.00 and set an outperform rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Desjardins reduced their target price on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$21.00 to C$18.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reduced their target price on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$18.50 to C$17.00 and set an outperform rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Canaccord Genuity reduced their target price on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$17.50 to C$15.00 and set a buy rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$16.50 to C$15.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of C$16.03. Shares of Tahoe Resources (TSE:THO) traded down 5.43% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $11.68. 2,117,929 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Tahoe Resources has a 12-month low of $9.58 and a 12-month high of $22.13. The stock has a market cap of $3.64 billion and a PE ratio of 28.70. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $10.93 and its 200-day moving average is $12.27. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/tahoe-resources-tho-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-td-securities.html. In related news, Director Drago Guillermo Kisic purchased 11,142 shares of Tahoe Resources stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were bought at an average price of C$7.17 per share, with a total value of C$79,888.14. Tahoe Resources Company Profile Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operations, and mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are the exploration, development, operation and acquisition of mineral properties for the mining of precious metals in the Americas. Its business involves operating the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation located in southeastern Guatemala, the La Arena and Shahuindo mines, gold mining operations located in northwestern Peru, and the Bell Creek mine and mill and the Timmins West mine, gold mining operations located in northeastern Ontario, Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Terex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Terex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Terex’s (TEX) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Devon Energy Corp’s (DVN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Attunity Ltd (ATTU) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Stephens Reiterates Equal Weight Rating for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Lawson Products, Inc. (LAWS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Q1 2018 Earnings Estimate for Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Issued By B. Riley Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Gramercy Property Trust Increased by DA Davidson (GPT) Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Announces Earnings Results Bob Evans Farms Inc (BOBE) Receives $62.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts $0.68 Earnings Per Share Expected for Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) to Announce -$0.03 EPS Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Schweitzer-Mauduit International (SWM) Share Price Tallgrass Energy Partners (TEP) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Shares Sold by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Stake in Repligen Co. (RGEN) Tennant Company (TNC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires 174,305 Shares of Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Increases Position in Five Prime Therapeutics Inc (FPRX) Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Terex’s (TEX) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Terex Co. (NYSE:TEX)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating restated by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report issued on Thursday. They presently have a $40.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock, up from their previous target price of $38.00. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective points to a potential upside of 20.85% from the company’s current price. TEX has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Terex from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $30.00 to $47.00 in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Seaport Global Securities reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $35.00 price objective (up from $30.00) on shares of Terex in a report on Thursday. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on Terex in a report on Monday, February 6th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $36.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut Terex from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $35.00 price objective on shares of Terex in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. Terex currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $32.41. Shares of Terex (NYSE:TEX) traded up 0.589% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $33.295. The stock had a trading volume of 1,331,060 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $32.01 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.46. The firm’s market cap is $3.53 billion. Terex has a 52-week low of $18.91 and a 52-week high of $36.43. Terex (NYSE:TEX) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.03) by $0.08. Terex had a return on equity of 7.39% and a net margin of 2.01%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $926.31 million. On average, equities research analysts expect that Terex will post $0.88 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/terexs-tex-outperform-rating-reiterated-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other news, Director G Chris Andersen sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.06, for a total transaction of $310,600.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Kevin Bradley sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.17, for a total value of $467,550.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 124,518 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,881,226.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have bought 472 shares of company stock worth $14,999 and have sold 60,215 shares worth $1,880,330. 3.70% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of TEX. Suntrust Banks Inc. raised its stake in Terex by 19.9% in the third quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 65,070 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,652,000 after buying an additional 10,816 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in Terex by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 232,123 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $5,898,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Terex by 7.0% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7,113 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $181,000 after buying an additional 465 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Terex by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,923,531 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $99,697,000 after buying an additional 160,252 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pzena Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Terex by 1.8% in the third quarter. Pzena Investment Management LLC now owns 7,293,443 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $185,326,000 after buying an additional 128,939 shares in the last quarter. 84.32% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Terex Company Profile Terex Corporation is a manufacturer of lifting and material processing products and services that deliver lifecycle solutions. The Company has three business segments: Aerial Work Platforms (AWP), Cranes and Materials Processing (MP). It delivers lifecycle solutions to a range of industries, including the construction, infrastructure, manufacturing, shipping, utility, quarrying and mining industries. Receive News & Ratings for Terex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Terex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Corporate Trends LATEST NEWS India, Philippines to lead Asian growth as workforces rise China's new jet takes off to challenge Boeing, Airbus Solar power: A shot in the arm for India's health centres Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Corporate TrendsDeals ET Home›News›Company›Corporate Trends 12:11 PM | 05 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,905-220.83 NIFTY 50 9,295-65.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,201129.00 USD/INR 64.310.13 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW CEO panel to pick future leaders in Economic Times Young Leaders By ET Bureau | Updated: May 05, 2017, 12.43 AM IST Post a Comment Related Out of the box thinking is a common trait in every ET Young Leaders badge holder Company Summary NSE BSE Hindustan UniLever Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HCL Technologies Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES The Economic Times Young Leaders is India's largest talent quest to identify the top young managers. After three rounds of rigorous tests, aspirants will come face to face with some of India Inc.’s top CEOs. We present to you the jury for the fifth edition of The Economic Times Young Leaders programme. Deep Kalra, Group CEO, MakeMyTrip.com Deep Kalra founded online travel company MakeMyTrip.com in 2005. Today, it is the largest travel company in the country. In August 2010, MakeMyTrip became the fi rst Indian travel company to list overseas through an initial public offering on Nasdaq. The company has been consistently recognised among the 'best companies to work for' in India. Having steered the MakeMyTrip business as CEO since its inception in 2000, Deep took on the role of group chief executive office in August 2013, to focus on strategy, merger & acquisitions and international businesses. Gautam Kumra, Managing Director, McKinsey & Co., India Gautam Kumra is an expert in the area of CEO leadership. He is the founder of the McKinsey Leadership Institute and convenes the CEO Bower Forum in Asia. These forums provide a platform for peer learning amongst CEOs and cover a range of issues encompassing leading self and others, and leading business and change. Based in New Delhi, Kumra has worked with about 100 CEOs across India and the region, and serves as lead faculty for McKinsey’s senior partners on CEO counselling. Kalpana Morparia,CEO, JP Morgan, South and Southeast Asia Kalpana Morparia is a member of JP Morgan’s Asia Pacifi c management committee. She also serves as an independent director on the boards of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Philip Morris International Inc., and Hindustan Unilever, besides being a non-executive director on JPMorgan Services India. She is also a member of the governing board of Bharti Foundation. Prior to joining JP Morgan India, Morparia served in ICICI Group since 1975. Pramit Jhaveri, CEO, Citi India Pramit Jhaveri is responsible for all of Citi's businesses in the country. Citi India serves close to 2.5 million customers ranging from India's top corporate houses, multinationals, SMEs, self-employed entrepreneurs, households and individuals. During the last fi ve years, Citi has been widely recognised as the best performing foreign bank in the country across consumer and corporate banking. It has grown its business steadily and shown a consistent growth in profi tability. Jhaveri joined Citi India in 1987 and his 30 years of banking experience spans multiple areas of the industry. Sanjiv Mehta, MD, HUL Besides leading India’s largest FMCG company, Hindustan Unilever, Sanjiv Mehta also leads parent Unilever’s business in South Asia as executive vice president. Mehta has been with Unilever for nearly 25 years and for the last 15 years he has led the multinational’s businesses in different parts of the world. Mehta has done his B Com, chartered accountancy (India) and also completed his advanced management programme (Harvard Business School). Harsh Mariwala, Chairman, Marico Besides leading Marico, Harsh Mariwala is also the CMD of skin care clinic chain Kaya. Over the past three decades, he has transformed a traditional commodities-driven business into a leading consumer products and services company in the beauty and wellness space. Mariwala's entrepreneurial drive and passion for innovation led him to establish Marico Innovation Foundation in 2003. The foundation acts as a catalyst to fuel innovation in India. He started ASCENT in 2012, a not-for-profi t expression of his passion to create a unique trust based peer-to-peer platform for high-potential growth-stage entrepreneurs. Vineet Nayar, Founder Chairman, Sampark Foundation Vineet Nayar, former CEO at HCL Technologies, founded his philanthropy venture Sampark Foundation along with his wife Anupama. Nayar architected HCL Technology’s transformation from $700-million business in 2005 to a $4.7-billion global technology services company with over 85,000 employees across 32 countries in 2013. He is also the author of management book Employees First, Customers Second: Turning Conventional Management Upside Down. Sampark Foundation works at enhancing learning outcomes of 3 million children studying in primary schools across Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh and Ladakh. Nayar currently serves as a senior advisor to McKinsey Leadership Institute and Fortune 1000 companies. Rajan Anandan, Vice President, Southeast Asia and India, Google Rajan Anandan is responsible for Google’s sales and operations in Southeast Asia and India region. He is focused on expanding the Internet ecosystem in the region, increasing adoption among consumers and businesses, and accelerating innovation. Southeast Asia and India, with over two billion consumers and 500 million Internet users, is the fastestgrowing Internet user base in the world. Anandan joined Google in early 2011. His career includes leadership roles at Microsoft, Dell and McKinsey & Company. Vanitha Narayanan, Chairman, IBM, India Vanitha Narayanan took over this leadership position at IBM India in January 2017. Besides helping enable IBM’s global missions, she will also spearhead transformational initiatives for IBM’s global centres of excellence. Having joined IBM in the US in 1987, Narayanan has more than 29 years of experience working with multiple client sets and in several countries. Since 2009, she has been a part of the IBM ISA business, serving in roles such as vice president of sales and distribution and managing partner for global business services. Shikha Sharma, MD, Axis Bank Shikha Sharma joined India’s third-largest private sector bank in 2009. As a leader adept at managing change, she has focused on transforming Axis Bank into a bank with strengths across a wide range of corporate and retail banking products. Sharma has more than three decades of experience in the fi nancial sector, having begun her career with ICICI Bank in 1980. Her achievements in the fi nancial sector have received wide recognition. As an acknowledgement of her efforts, Harvard Business School published a case study on managing change at Axis Bank in 2013. Comments(0)Add Comments CEO panel to pick future leaders in Economic Times Young Leaders To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONMicrosoftIBMHindustan UniLeverHCL TechnologiesGoogleEconomic Times Young Leaderseconomic times Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Earn Online Degrees That Will Get You The Best Job Earn Degree Online - Sponsored Ads NEW YORK How A Smart Home Helps You Get To Work On Time Alarm.com She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country LivinglyMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Earn a Master's Degree at DePaul University College of Computing and Digital Media Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online Game Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Presidential poll: No contest if NDA persuades Pranab Mukherjee, concludes Opposition Saudi Arabia avoids financial crisis, now prepares for the hard part Strengthen military, look for new allies to tackle Pak, China: Army chief Soldiers' beheading: Pakistan Army's main aim is to stop India's economic and political rise at all costs View: China is making the same risky errors in Pakistan that US made More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Tubelight Teaser BSE Sensex|DD vs GL Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shire PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Smiths Group plc (SMIN) Given “Overweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Schroders plc (SDR) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC The Sage Group plc (SGE) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds British American Tobacco PLC (BTI) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.05 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Stock Price Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Plans $0.51 Quarterly Dividend KBC Group NV (KBC.BE) Plans $1.97 Dividend Civitas Social Housing PLC Announces Dividend of GBX 0.75 (CSH) Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.21 EPS North Star Investment Management Corp. Holds Stake in Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Position Reduced by BB&T Corp BB&T Corp Has $3.232 Million Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Position Lowered by BB&T Corp Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Boosted by Analyst FY2017 EPS Estimates for Kraton Corp (KRA) Raised by Analyst Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reissued their buy rating on shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) in a report published on Wednesday. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a GBX 6,400 ($82.63) target price on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. SHP has been the topic of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. BNP Paribas reiterated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 5,900 ($76.18) target price on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their target price on shares of Shire PLC from GBX 6,300 ($81.34) to GBX 6,800 ($87.80) and gave the company a conviction-buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Friday, February 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 6,127.13 ($79.11). Shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) traded down 0.90% on Wednesday, hitting GBX 4660.50. 2,106,473 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 4,637.94 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 4,674.19. Shire PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 2,707.19 and a 52-week high of GBX 5,377.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 42.07 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/shire-plcs-shp-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 9th were paid a dividend of GBX 20.64 ($0.27) per share. This is an increase from Shire PLC’s previous dividend of $3.51. This represents a yield of 0.43%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. In other Shire PLC news, insider William Burns bought 136 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 4,742 ($61.23) per share, with a total value of £6,449.12 ($8,326.82). About Shire PLC Shire plc is a biotech company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other specialized conditions. The Company’s segment is engaged in research, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of specialist medicines. It focuses its development resources on projects in various therapeutic areas (TAs), including Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, Hematology, Oncology, Immunology, Gastrointestinal (GI)/Metabolic/Endocrinology Diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Shire PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wolseley plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wolseley plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Smiths Group plc (SMIN) Given “Overweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Schroders plc (SDR) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC The Sage Group plc (SGE) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds British American Tobacco PLC (BTI) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.05 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Stock Price Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Plans $0.51 Quarterly Dividend KBC Group NV (KBC.BE) Plans $1.97 Dividend Civitas Social Housing PLC Announces Dividend of GBX 0.75 (CSH) Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.21 EPS North Star Investment Management Corp. Holds Stake in Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Position Reduced by BB&T Corp BB&T Corp Has $3.232 Million Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Position Lowered by BB&T Corp Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Boosted by Analyst FY2017 EPS Estimates for Kraton Corp (KRA) Raised by Analyst Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital restated their hold rating on shares of Wolseley plc (LON:WOS) in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 4,975 ($64.23) price objective on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 4,650 ($60.04) price target on shares of Wolseley plc in a report on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC reiterated a top pick rating and issued a GBX 5,600 ($72.30) price target (up previously from GBX 5,000 ($64.56)) on shares of Wolseley plc in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Peel Hunt reiterated an under review rating on shares of Wolseley plc in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Shore Capital reiterated a not rated rating on shares of Wolseley plc in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price target on Wolseley plc from GBX 4,900 ($63.27) to GBX 5,000 ($64.56) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 4,757.89 ($61.43). Wolseley plc (LON:WOS) traded up 0.20% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching GBX 5030.00. 483,440 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s market cap is GBX 12.63 billion. Wolseley plc has a 12-month low of GBX 3,489.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 5,285.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 4,972.06 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 4,843.94. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/wolseley-plc-wos-receives-hold-rating-from-liberum-capital.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were issued a dividend of GBX 36.67 ($0.47) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 6th. Wolseley plc Company Profile Wolseley plc is the holding company of the Wolseley Group of companies. The Company is engaged in the distribution of plumbing and heating products and building materials. The Company’s segments include USA, UK, Nordic, and Canada and Central Europe. The Company operates seven business units in the United States, six of these mainly operate in the business to business (B2B) market with one operating in the business to consumer (B2C) market. Receive News & Ratings for Wolseley plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wolseley plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Wolseley plc (WOS) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Smiths Group plc (SMIN) Given “Overweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Schroders plc (SDR) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC The Sage Group plc (SGE) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds British American Tobacco PLC (BTI) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.05 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Stock Price Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Plans $0.51 Quarterly Dividend KBC Group NV (KBC.BE) Plans $1.97 Dividend Civitas Social Housing PLC Announces Dividend of GBX 0.75 (CSH) Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.21 EPS North Star Investment Management Corp. Holds Stake in Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Position Reduced by BB&T Corp BB&T Corp Has $3.232 Million Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Position Lowered by BB&T Corp Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Boosted by Analyst FY2017 EPS Estimates for Kraton Corp (KRA) Raised by Analyst Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reissued their buy rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (LON:SPX) in a research note published on Wednesday. Several other analysts have also recently commented on SPX. Liberum Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a report on Friday, February 10th. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 3,685 ($47.58). Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (LON:SPX) traded down 0.57% on Wednesday, reaching GBX 5245.00. 118,076 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 4,992.54 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 4,505.27. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.85 billion. Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc has a 1-year low of GBX 3,250.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 5,325.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/spirax-sarco-engineering-plc-spx-given-buy-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a GBX 53.50 ($0.69) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.16%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This is an increase from Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc’s previous dividend of $22.50. In related news, insider Jane Kingston purchased 1,080 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 4,787 ($61.81) per share, for a total transaction of £51,699.60 ($66,752.23). Also, insider James Whalen sold 3,585 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 4,786 ($61.79), for a total transaction of £171,578.10 ($221,534.02). About Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc is a United Kingdom-based industrial engineering company. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; Asia Pacific; Americas; Steam specialties business, and Watson-Marlow Fluid Technology Group (Watson-Marlow). The Company’s businesses include Spirax Sarco and Watson-Marlow. Receive News & Ratings for Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given Buy Rating at Commerzbank Ag Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Inovio Pharmaceuticals’ (INO) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Brokerages Set Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) PT at $126.20 Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Receives $61.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Gentex Co. (GNTX) to Announce $0.32 Earnings Per Share Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Sensata Technologies Holding (ST) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Integer Holdings (ITGR) Vista Gold Corp. (VGZ) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Windstream Holdings (WIN) Stock Price Western Digital Corp (WDC) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.05 Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Verisign (VRSN) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.24 WhiteHorse Finance (WHF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.14 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Encore Wire (WIRE) Share Price MKM Partners Reaffirms Neutral Rating for ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Price Target to $83.00 Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a €73.00 ($79.35) price target on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research report released on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. SU has been the subject of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG set a €73.00 ($79.35) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. S&P Global set a €70.00 ($76.09) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Citigroup Inc set a €66.00 ($71.74) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €70.00 ($76.09) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €79.00 ($85.87) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €71.16 ($77.34). Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) traded up 1.05% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching €72.81. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,429,519 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of €40.41 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.56. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €69.03 and a 200-day moving average of €65.87. Schneider Electric SE has a 52 week low of €49.50 and a 52 week high of €74.45. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/schneider-electric-se-su-given-a-73-00-price-target-at-morgan-stanley.html. About Schneider Electric SE Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman What Deglobalization Means for Companies and Their Markets, Capital, and Talent – Board Leaders to Convene at 2017 WomenCorporateDirectors Global Institute in New York, May 9-11 NEW YORK, May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — What: WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation (WCD) hosts its annual Global Institute and Visionary Awards Dinner, bringing together more than 200 top women board chairs, board committee chairs, CEOs, and other directors from all over the world. Twitter: @WomenCorpDirs, #WCDboards When:   Pre-Institute Family Business Governance Institute – May 9 Global Institute Daytime sessions – May 10-11 Visionary Awards Dinner – evening of May 10 Where: New York City Theme: „The New Era of Deglobalization: Navigating the Unpredictable” Why: Globalization is being increasingly challenged – and even resisted – around the world. What does this mean for global markets, talent, and capital flows? How are boards guiding their companies amid uncertainty about the very future of globalization? The WCD Global Institute covers these themes, as well as issues around corporate culture and „tone at the top” – where many companies have seen their failures covered widely across traditional and social media. The program also features an in-depth discussion with Alaska Air President and CEO Bradley Tilden and director Marion Blakey (President & CEO, Rolls Royce North America, Inc.), as well as directors and C-suite officers from GE, AT&T, News Corp., The Coca-Cola Company, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays PLC, Intel Capital, Tata Communications, and other top global organizations. Additionally, the Institute will present the new WCD Thought Leadership Commission report, „The Visionary Board at Work: Developing a Culture of Leadership.” Created in conjunction with Pearl Meyer, WCD’s fourth annual TLC report provides a guide for aligning organizational culture and leadership development with a company’s business strategy. In a special pre-Institute day of programming, WCD is hosting its Family Business Governance Institute, designed for women CEOs, directors, and shareholders of family businesses with revenues >$100 million. The Visionary Awards will honor Alaska Air, Ecolab, Duchossois Group, and Isabelle Marcoux, chair of the board of Transcontinental, Inc. Media credentials To apply for media credentials to cover this event, please contact Suzanne Oaks Brownstein or Trang Mar of Temin and Company at 212-588-8788 or news@teminandco.com. About the WCD Foundation Global Institute The WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation (WCD) 2017 Global Institute is an unprecedented opportunity for global board directors to share corporate governance and business strategies and to build partnerships with a purpose, in a private, invitation-only setting. The Institute is a high-powered idea forum exploring compelling issues on the minds of today’s board directors and their companies. Sponsors of WCD, the Global Institute, and the Visionary Awards include: KPMG (Global Institute Lead Sponsor and Global Lead Sponsor); Spencer Stuart (Global Executive Sponsor); Vinson & Elkins (Global Strategic Sponsor); The Coca-Cola Company (Global Institute Leader Sponsor); JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Global Institute Benefactor and Supporting Sponsor); Pearl Meyer (Global Institute Host Sponsor and Strategic Sponsor); Latham & Watkins (Global Institute Host Sponsor and Strategic Sponsor); Henri Bendel (Global Institute Sip and Shop Host Sponsor); Sullivan & Cromwell (Global Institute Host); IFC (Global Institute Supporter); Marriott (Global Institute Supporter); Marsh & McLennan (Global Institute Supporter); The Center for Audit Quality (Global Institute Supporter); and Equilar (Global Institute Sponsor). Additional speakers at the Institute include: Anu Aiyengar (United States), Head of Mergers & Acquisitions (North America) Investment Banking, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; WCD member Vinod Kumar (India), Managing Director and Group CEO, Tata Communications; Director, Human Capital Leadership Group Julianne Canavaggio (Panama), Head of Central America & Caribbean, Lazard; Director, Conservatorio and Inversiones Malemar; WCD member Trina Van Pelt (United States), Vice President, Intel Capital; Managing Director of Internet of Things (IoT) and Autonomous Driving Groups Marina Brogi (Italy), Director of Luxottica Group and Salini Impregilo; Full Professor of International Banking and Capital Markets, Sapienza University; WCD Family Business Co-Chair, WCD chapter chair, and Advisory Board member Laurie Ann Goldman (United States), Director, ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. and Francesca’s Holding Corporation; WCD member Joyce M. Roché (United States), Director, AT&T, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., Macy’s, Inc., and Tupperware Brands Corporation; WCD member Aliza Knox (Singapore), COO Unlockd; Non-Executive Director, Scentre Group, Singapore Post; Advisor, ANZ Bank Board Tech Subcommittee; WCD member Phyllis Campbell (United States), Chairman, Pacific Northwest, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Lead Director, Alaska Air Group; WCD member, WCD Advisory Board member and Asia Pacific chair Jan Babiak (United States), Director, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and Bank of Montreal; WCD chapter chair Eunice Nyala (Kenya), CEO, Etiquette Xllent Co.; Business Advisor, Goldman Sachs 10K Women Program; Board Member, Kenya Association of Women Business Owners; WCD Kenya Chapter, Member Sponsorship Committee; WCD member To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/what-deglobalization-means-for-companies-and-their-markets-capital-and-talent–board-leaders-to-convene-at-2017-womencorporatedirectors-global-institute-in-new-york-may-9-11-300451816.html SOURCE WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. Related Links https://www.womencorporatedirectors.org/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsEconomic News, Trends, Analysis, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious District Court Enters Permanent Injunction Against Florida Company and Senior Managers to Stop the Distribution of Misbranded and Adulterated Medicated Animal Feeds Next PostNext Luggage Market Analysis, Dynamics, Forecast and Supply Demand 2016-2021 Search Recent Posts Can the antioxidant resveratrol reduce artery stiffness in diabetics? The Beryl Institute to Help Prepare Healthcare Leaders for CPXP Examination General Motors Sustainability Newsletter – May 2017 Bringing Global Awareness to the Importance of Hand Hygiene on World Hand Hygiene Day RE/MAX Holdings Reports First Quarter 2017 Results RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Price Target to $83.00 Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Price Target Raised to $94.00 Packaging Corp Of America’s (PKG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Brokerages Set AGF Management Limited (AGF.B) PT at $6.16 Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Price Target Raised to $45.00 Barclays PLC Cuts KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Price Target to $22.00 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.65 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Receives $34.10 Average Target Price from Analysts FY2017 EPS Estimates for Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc Lifted by William Blair (FIS) Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Receives $35.60 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set MINDBODY Inc (MB) PT at $26.43 Analysts Expect Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Will Post Earnings of $0.79 Per Share Insider Buying: HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Insider Acquires £147.89 in Stock Robert A. Hormell Purchases 1,000 Shares of F.N.B. Corp (FNB) Stock Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Acquires 1,624 Shares of Regency Centers Corp (REG) Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stake Lowered by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Exane Derivatives Raises Stake in Western Digital Corp (WDC) 161,412 Shares in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Acquired by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Has $239,000 Stake in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Price Target Raised to $94.00 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (NYSE:RCL) had its target price upped by Goldman Sachs Group Inc from $90.00 to $94.00 in a research note released on Monday morning. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has a sell rating on the stock. RCL has been the topic of a number of other reports. Vetr lowered shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $95.16 target price on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Argus upgraded shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from a hold rating to a buy rating and upped their target price for the company from $94.56 to $116.00 in a report on Monday, January 30th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their target price on shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from $100.00 to $109.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from $102.00 to $78.00 and set a neutral rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $99.51. Royal Caribbean Cruises (NYSE:RCL) traded down 0.03% during trading on Monday, hitting $108.07. 1,557,600 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $98.93 and its 200-day moving average price is $89.10. The stock has a market cap of $23.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.22 and a beta of 1.23. Royal Caribbean Cruises has a 52-week low of $64.95 and a 52-week high of $110.60. Royal Caribbean Cruises (NYSE:RCL) last released its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.99 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $2.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.02 billion. Royal Caribbean Cruises had a net margin of 15.10% and a return on equity of 15.89%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.57 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Royal Caribbean Cruises will post $7.20 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/royal-caribbean-cruises-ltd-rcl-price-target-raised-to-94-00.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Friday, June 2nd will be given a dividend of $0.48 per share. This represents a $1.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.78%. Royal Caribbean Cruises’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 32.32%. In related news, EVP Harri U. Kulovaara sold 7,527 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.00, for a total transaction of $827,970.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 29,667 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,263,370. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Richard D. Fain sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $94.92, for a total transaction of $1,898,400.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 1,027,741 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $97,553,175.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 126,051 shares of company stock valued at $12,198,948. Corporate insiders own 16.80% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp increased its stake in Royal Caribbean Cruises by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 6,834,147 shares of the company’s stock worth $560,665,000 after buying an additional 297,766 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,621,388 shares of the company’s stock valued at $215,078,000 after buying an additional 107,977 shares during the period. DSM Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. DSM Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,526,459 shares of the company’s stock valued at $207,270,000 after buying an additional 133,789 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises during the fourth quarter valued at about $141,340,000. Finally, Prudential PLC increased its stake in shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises by 11.2% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 1,704,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $139,862,000 after buying an additional 172,300 shares during the period. 74.32% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Royal Caribbean Cruises Company Profile Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is a cruise company. The Company owns and operates three global cruise brands: Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Club Cruises (Global Brands). The Company also own joint venture interest in the German brand TUI Cruises, interest in the Spanish brand Pullmantur and interest in the Chinese brand SkySea Cruises (collectively, Partner Brands). Receive News & Ratings for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Weighs in on Outfront Media Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (OUT) PHX Energy Services Corp (PHX) PT Lowered to C$6.00 -$0.12 Earnings Per Share Expected for Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) This Quarter TD Securities Reiterates C$6.00 Price Target for Stuart Olson Inc (SOX) World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) to Announce $1.19 Earnings Per Share Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.54 EPS Rogers Sugar Inc (RSI) Given a C$6.50 Price Target at Scotiabank Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Whitestone REIT (WSR) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Manulife Financial Corp. (MFC) Given New C$26.00 Price Target at TD Securities Morguard North American Residential REIT (MRG.UN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Eight Capital DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Shares Gap Down on Analyst Downgrade Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Sells 575 Shares of Carnival Corp (CCL) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Position Increased by Wetherby Asset Management Inc. TD Securities Trims ARC Resources Ltd (ARX) Target Price to C$22.00 Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Stake Increased by Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Gmt Capital Corp Acquires 12,700 Shares of Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Stock Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) PT Set at $33.00 by TD Securities David H. Straus Buys 1,000 Shares of HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Stock Wedbush Weighs in on Outfront Media Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (OUT) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) – Stock analysts at Wedbush reduced their FY2017 EPS estimates for shares of Outfront Media in a research note issued on Monday. Wedbush analyst J. Dix now expects that the financial services provider will earn $2.16 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $2.17. Wedbush has a “Outperform” rating and a $42.00 price target on the stock. Wedbush also issued estimates for Outfront Media’s FY2018 earnings at $2.29 EPS. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.19. Outfront Media had a negative net margin of 0.63% and a negative return on equity of 0.79%. The firm had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $392.43 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.55 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/wedbush-weighs-in-on-outfront-media-incs-fy2017-earnings-out.html. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. TheStreet upgraded Outfront Media from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their price target for the company from $26.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $29.57. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) traded down 8.1957% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $23.4101. 2,061,745 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average of $26.24 and a 200-day moving average of $25.27. The company has a market capitalization of $3.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.5237 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media has a 52-week low of $20.72 and a 52-week high of $27.89. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. New York State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Outfront Media by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 12,100 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $301,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. BLB&B Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Outfront Media by 0.6% in the first quarter. BLB&B Advisors LLC now owns 29,107 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $773,000 after buying an additional 175 shares in the last quarter. Credit Agricole S A boosted its position in shares of Outfront Media by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 168,447 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,189,000 after buying an additional 447 shares in the last quarter. US Bancorp DE boosted its position in shares of Outfront Media by 1.6% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 40,467 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,074,000 after buying an additional 621 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Keybank National Association OH boosted its position in shares of Outfront Media by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Keybank National Association OH now owns 70,133 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,744,000 after buying an additional 787 shares in the last quarter. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a $0.36 dividend. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.65%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio is currently -1,942.58%. Outfront Media Company Profile OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home News Security Newswire Technologies Security Blog eNewsletter Web Exclusives Columns Career Intelligence Security Talk The Corner Office Leadership & Management Cyber Tactics Overseas and Secure Management Leadership Management Enterprise Services Security Education & Training More Physical Access Management Video Surveillance Identity Management More Cyber Sectors Education: University Hospitals & Medical Centers Critical Infrastructure More Exclusives Security 500 Report Most Influential People in Security Top Guard and Security Officer Companies The Security Leadership Issue Annual Innovations, Technology, & Services Report Events Industry Events Webinars Security 500 Conference Security 500 West Resources The Magazine This Month's Issue Digital Edition Archives Professional Security Canada Videos Photo Galleries Polls Classifieds & Job Listings White Papers Mobile App Store Sponsor Insights Contact Editorial Guidelines Advertise Subscribe Home » Cybersecurity in 2017: Technology, Growth and a New Tax-Saving Opportunity Cyber Security News Cybersecurity in 2017: Technology, Growth and a New Tax-Saving Opportunity May 4, 2017 Sonny Grover KEYWORDS cyber security research / cyberattacks / cybersecurity technology / data breach Reprints No Comments Cybersecurity was definitely front-and-center last year. From the denial-of-service-attack (DDoS) against Dyn, Inc. to hacking during the last election cycle to compromised Yahoo accounts, last year emphasized the importance of top-notch cybersecurity for all businesses and organizations. As the Internet of Things continues to develop and other technologies continue to make our world more connected and automated, cybersecurity stands to become even more paramount in protecting confidential information and in ensuring supply chains remain undisrupted. A Booming Market    To keep up with this spike in demand, companies are already making massive investments to enhance their cybersecurity systems – and the impact of these investments can be seen in the industry’s growth. According to a report from Cybersecurity Ventures, it is estimated that worldwide spending on cybersecurity products and services will exceed $1 trillion from 2017 to 2021. The same report anticipates 12-15% year-over-year growth in the industry through 2021 and notes the steps many corporations have taken to increase their cybersecurity budgets (J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. for example has doubled its annual cybersecurity budget from $250 million to $500 million). These numbers point to a booming sector, one whose innovative services will be needed by companies throughout nearly every industry. Further Growth Opportunities The key drivers in the cybersecurity boom have been demand and technological advancements. To keep pace with cybercrime, hacking and other cyber-attacks, those working within the industry have invested serious money and employee hours to enhance the effectiveness of their products and services. It is this investment in time, labor and capital that also makes cybersecurity companies excellent candidates for another opportunity that could push the industry forward and stimulate even further growth – the Research and Development (R&D) Tax Credit.     The R&D Tax Credit: A Tax Break for the Cybersecurity Industry The R&D Tax Credit has been around since the 1980s and isn’t new – but what is new with respect to the credit will have major implications for cybersecurity companies going forward. Due to new laws, new regulations and court rulings in the decades since its inception, the R&D Tax Credit has evolved for the benefit of a wide and diverse range of U.S. businesses. Through the years, the credit has expanded from just rewarding basic research (i.e. research you would traditionally see in a lab, such as test tubes, lab coats and petri dishes) to one that now qualifies applied research – the kind of technical work and problem solving that is done on the factory floor or behind a computer screen to create entirely new products or systems (or to improve upon existing ones). In fact, the most recent expansion of the R&D Tax Credit was made in December of 2015 with the passage of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes (PATH) Act. Along with making the R&D Tax Credit permanent, the PATH Act included two key modifications that should be of immense interest to cybersecurity companies – as well as American businesses at large. Real-World Savings However, before we dive into these changes, let’s look at a real-world example to better understand the types of projects that qualify for the credit. For three years’ worth of qualifying projects, a technology solutions company that works for both private sector clients as well as the U.S. military received over $200,000 in federal R&D tax credits. This company designed and developed custom security measures for the U.S. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center. Specifically, the company reviewed the center’s Case Management Control System (CMCS) to enhance the functionality and reliability of the security protocols and improved the imbedded security controls throughout the entire system. After initial evaluation and testing of the old system, the company improved the design of the back end architecture for the program to increase the functionality and reliability of the security measures. If a cybersecurity company enhances processes to solve a customer issue or to make a system more secure and reliable, those activities can qualify for the R&D Tax Credit.   Other Qualifying Activities To provide further insight into how cybersecurity qualifies for the credit, here is a list of activities that have traditionally qualified businesses in the past (but this is not a comprehensive list): Detecting and responding to cyber threats and vulnerabilities Designing software according to new and enhanced security protocols Designing, developing and engineering systems Integrating hardware, software and applications PATH Act Changes Now that we have a greater understanding of the type of activities that qualify, let’s discuss the PATH Act’s latest pro-taxpayer modifications to the credit: The AMT Turn-off Beginning in tax year 2016 (meaning this tax season), the AMT turn-off allows small businesses (defined as businesses with less than $50 million in gross receipts) to claim the credit against their alternative minimum tax (AMT). Historically, the AMT floor has been the greatest barrier preventing otherwise eligible companies from claiming the R&D Tax Credit – and considering the broad range of activities that qualify cybersecurity companies for the credit, the industry stands to benefit heavily from its removal. The Startup Provision Also starting in tax year 2016, the startup provision allows businesses with gross receipts of less than $5 million a year to claim the credit (capped at $250,000) against their payroll taxes. Since its inception, one of the main shortcomings of the R&D Tax Credit was that newer companies, which are some of the most innovative companies around and more likely to take risks and invest in improving their products or processes, could not utilize the credit. As these smaller companies rarely turn a profit in their first few years (and thus do not pay federal income tax) these companies were effectively prohibited from claiming the credit. The startup provision solves this issue and essentially expands access to the credit to smaller and newer businesses. Combined together, these two provisions have opened the door for U.S. businesses from across the spectrum to take advantage of the credit – and cybersecurity companies, with a host of qualifying projects and activities, will be among the greatest beneficiaries of this expansion. Other Driving Factors In addition to the above expansions, there are two more key aspects to the credit working in favor of the cybersecurity industry. First off, not only do activities ultimately factor into the credit, but so do the wages of the company’s employees. The R&D Tax Credit is a wage-based credit, meaning the salaries of the employees working on qualifying projects (i.e. your software developers, engineers, tech experts, system integrators, etc.) will factor into the total amount of tax savings, often times with the higher salaries of these technical employees driving up credit results. Secondly, and despite popular misconceptions, cybersecurity companies getting paid by the government (or working on a contractual basis for the government) can still potentially qualify for the credit depending on the language contained in these contracts. Case in point, one of the qualifying projects of the tech company discussed above was done for the U.S. Air Force, proving there can be tremendous savings from defense and other forms of government contracting (it just may take the knowledge of a consultant experienced in these type of contracts to see if there is any value available).   R&D and the Future of the Industry Due to the various modifications and expansions made to the credit over the years as well as the importance cybersecurity will hold for companies from a variety of different industries (including finance, software and tech, manufacturing, industrial automation, defense, etc.), the R&D Tax Credit represents the next great growth opportunity in what is already a vital and thriving industry. For those companies looking to further capitalize on their cybersecurity efforts, the R&D Tax Credit can provide the immediate value necessary to grow their business – and cybersecurity companies would be wise to explore their options when it comes to this valuable opportunity. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Security Magazine.  Sonny Grover is Executive Vice President of alliantgroup. Related Articles RSA 2017: The "Culture" of Cybersecurity Collaboration Cybersecurity: Vital to Legal and Technical Protection of Trade Secrets Cybersecurity after Target: Getting the Facts about POS Attacks How to Topple a Fortune 500: The Key is in a Tiny Piece of Infrastructure Related Products The Database Hacker's Handbook: Defending Database Servers The Web Application Hacker's Handbook: Discovering and Exploiting Security Flaws 2E Physical Security and Safety: A Field Guide for the Practitioner Optimizing Social Media from a B2B Perspective Related Events Building a One-Stop Cyber Intelligence Shop How to Find the Right Security Technology and Move Beyond Access Control Make My Data: Meet the New Face of Security How to Secure a Healthcare Facility that Works with Mentally Ill Patients You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions Security eNewsletter & Other eNews Alerts Online Registration Mobile App Subscription Customer Service More Videos Sponsored Content Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the Security audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep. Close Sponsored By Quantum Secure Ask the Five Ws to Enhance Your Physical Identity and Access Management Program Managing physical identity and access management in an effective and efficient manner is crucial to protecting an organization’s people, assets and locations. Regardless of size or industry, organizations looking to enhance their security need to consider the 5 Ws of Physical Identity and Access Management. Events August 25, 2016 Supporting the Victims of Domestic Violence at Work through Pro-active Security Planning The tragedy of the United States domestic violence situation is impossible to quantify. There is both a sordid history and an on-going crisis; a crisis that has become normalized. Since 2000, approximately more than 20,000 women have been murdered by domestic partners, or "family terrorists". March 28, 2017 K-12 Education: 21st Century Policing LAUSD police officers are employing a 21st century policing strategy, with a focus on community oriented enforcement, to improving police-community relations, keep kids in school and to improve the safety of the schools within the district and the surrounding neighborhoods. View All Submit An Event Poll Background Check Policies What kind of background check policy does your enterprise have? Yes, we have a policy of continual background checks for current and prospective employees. Yes, we have a background check policy for all new employees. Yes, we have a background check policy, but only for specific positions and responsibilities. We’re in the process of implementing a background check policy. We do not have a background check policy. We’re waiting for legislation to outline our compliance needs and responsibilities before implementing a background check policy. View Results Poll Archive Products Effective Security Management, 6th Edition  Effective Security Management, 5e, teaches practicing security professionals how to build their careers by mastering the fundamentals of good management. Charles Sennewald brings a time-tested blend of common sense, wisdom, and humor to this bestselling introduction to workplace dynamics.  See More Products Security Magazine 2017 May The 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City, OK, changed the state of Oklahoma and the country as a whole forever, but it didn’t stop businesses and families from calling it home, including GE’s new Oil & Gas Technology Center (OGTC), in Oklahoma City. Learn how the OGTC is a shining example of high-tech security with GE’s historically customer centered beliefs and strategy. Also in this issue: why smart cards are increasingly being embedded into mobile devices and wearables, what role certifications play in your career, and much more! View More Subscribe More Market Research Custom Content & Marketing Services Security Group Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Want More Connect Partners Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Carbonite Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Insider Purchases C$48,375.00 in Stock Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect K2M Group Holdings (KTWO) Share Price Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Insider Acquires C$36,863.00 in Stock Michael Pucella Sells 2,012 Shares of Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) Stock Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Share Price Cassandra Hudson Sells 2,187 Shares of Carbonite Inc (CARB) Stock Blackice Enterprise Risk Management Inc (BIS) Director Sells C$40,000.00 in Stock Julie Krop Sells 1,891 Shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Stock Workday Inc (WDAY) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Synchrony Financial (SYF) Earns Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Scotiabank Raises Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to $45.00 BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Hold Rating for Vale SA (VALE) WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) Releases Q4 Earnings Guidance Wesbanco Bank Inc. Cuts Position in Baidu Inc (BIDU) Capital Advisors Inc. OK Lowers Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Purchases Shares of 12,600 Colfax Corp (CFX) Cassandra Hudson Sells 2,187 Shares of Carbonite Inc (CARB) Stock May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Carbonite Inc (NASDAQ:CARB) insider Cassandra Hudson sold 2,187 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.76, for a total transaction of $47,589.12. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Cassandra Hudson also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, February 3rd, Cassandra Hudson sold 7,846 shares of Carbonite stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.53, for a total transaction of $145,386.38. Carbonite Inc (NASDAQ:CARB) traded up 0.94% on Thursday, reaching $21.50. 240,532 shares of the company were exchanged. Carbonite Inc has a 12-month low of $8.54 and a 12-month high of $22.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $19.98 and a 200 day moving average of $18.45. The firm’s market capitalization is $605.29 million. Carbonite (NASDAQ:CARB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The technology company reported $0.12 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.01. Carbonite had a negative net margin of 1.98% and a negative return on equity of 444.34%. The firm had revenue of $53.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $50.97 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.13 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 52.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Carbonite Inc will post $0.74 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/cassandra-hudson-sells-2187-shares-of-carbonite-inc-carb-stock.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Pembroke Management LTD bought a new position in Carbonite during the third quarter valued at approximately $9,543,000. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its position in Carbonite by 116.4% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 28,999 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $445,000 after buying an additional 15,600 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in Carbonite by 161.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 16,710 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $257,000 after buying an additional 10,330 shares in the last quarter. Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. bought a new position in Carbonite during the third quarter valued at approximately $4,316,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Carbonite by 74.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 190,959 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,933,000 after buying an additional 81,740 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 83.76% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on CARB shares. TheStreet lowered shares of Carbonite from a “c” rating to a “d” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Craig Hallum started coverage on shares of Carbonite in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $30.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Carbonite from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Lake Street Capital raised their target price on shares of Carbonite from $21.00 to $23.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $22.50 target price on shares of Carbonite in a research note on Wednesday. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Carbonite presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $23.90. About Carbonite Carbonite, Inc provides data protection solutions, including cloud, hybrid and on-premise backup and restore, disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) and e-mail archiving. The Company’s solutions provide enterprise-grade data protection and recovery capabilities to its customers. The Company’s small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) plans include Carbonite Computer Backup; Carbonite Server Backup, such as Carbonite Office Power and Carbonite Office Ultimate; EVault Cloud Backup; DRaaS, and e-mail archiving. Receive News & Ratings for Carbonite Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Breaking Down Tech, Bank And Retail Sectors Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 04, 2017 1:13pm   Comments Share: Amid regulatory and budgetary concerns in the federal government and continued technological evolution, TD Ameritrade’s chief strategist, JJ Kinahan, has his eye on a few sectors. Here are his thoughts on a few: On Big Banks With President Donald Trump at least verbally moving to break up big banks, the likes of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) have been shaken. But Kinahan isn’t too concerned. “These things tend to get floated and they take a few years to get passed,” he told Benzinga. “He's got a lot of fish to fry at the moment. I don’t know if that's his No. 1 priority.” On Silicon Valley The market seems ambivalent on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)’s second-quarter report, which posted a 24.4-percent sales miss despite an earnings-per-share beat. Kinahan thinks the confusion is just. “If you're on the negative, you're like 'Oh my God, it's a miss on your most important product,’ and it is, there's no two ways about it,” he said. “But the positive side is yes it's a miss, but it's a miss because our next product is so highly anticipated nobody wants to spend money on this product.” In the realm of social media, Kinahan is watching out for Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB)’s continued monetization of its vast data cache. “I think they’re balancing personal information versus selling it for commercial purposes versus how can they use it to develop subsidiary businesses,” he said. The firm reported growth in monthly active users and ad pricing and deceleration in impression growth in its Wednesday first-quarter earnings release. On Big Box Retail The April jobs report highlighted the trend with a workforce shrinkage of 61,000 between February and March — just one of many symptoms of retail stores shrinking in the shadow of online competitors such as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). Investors have responded largely by shorting sector players, such as RH (NYSE: RH) and Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation (NASDAQ: BGFV). But Kinahan hasn’t yet given up on the stocks. “I'm looking forward to the retail sales,” he said. He said he’s keeping an eye on the how brick and mortars evolve in an attempt to adapt to consumer trends, and how they intend to balance online and in-store experiences. Nick Donato contributed reporting. Related Links: Gene Munster Talks Apple Growth: ‘It’s Still All About The iPhone 10’ The Theme Of Earnings Season: Buy The Dogs And Sell The Stars Posted-In: JJ KinahanAnalyst Color Top Stories Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMTD) Tim Cook On Politics And His Relationship With The White House 7-Month-Old iPhone 7 Already Looking 'Long In The Tooth,' And It's Apple's Fault Consumer Discretionary Concerns Cautious Trade Retreats As Fed Signals Growth Ahead and Jobs, French Election Loom Is The iPhone The New Cord-Cutting Device? Tim Cook Says 'Absolutely' Here's How Trump's Tax Plan Could Impact 8 Of The Largest US Tech Giants View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AMTD Trending Recent 1 IBN, PBPB: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 AAPL, PCLN: Earnings Preview: What Might Be Expected When FB Reports? 3 HIIQ, RXDX: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Plummets Following Q1 Ear... 5 TWLO: Twilio's New 'Unexpected' Rel... 6 AMD: Goldman Analyst Was Spot On With His Bear... 7 TSLA, MET: 15 Stocks To Watch For May 3, 2017 1 ENTL, TGH: 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday 2 AAPL: Tim Cook On Politics And His Relationship With The White House 3 NDAQ: Five Crucial Things To Look At Before Investing In Initial Coin... 4 How To Make A Winning Offer On A Home 5 HIVE: Aerohive Could Break Even In The Next 2 Quarters; Wunderlic... 6 HIIQ, AAC: 20 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday 7 GRMN: Garmin Outlook Called 'Bleak,' Expec... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Disney Lower For Fifth Day In A Row
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Women in Banking How Wells’ CMO is repairing the bank’s reputation; Maria Vullo talks tough Health care loans emerging as a C&I sore spot Curry’s exit heralds end of Obama-era supervision BankThink How Fed policies thwart economic equality 'Every single soul knows this bill won't become law' search goes here Women in Banking How Wells’ CMO is repairing the bank’s reputation; Maria Vullo talks tough By Tanaya Macheel Published May 04 2017, 1:13pm EDT More in Women in Banking Gender issues Jill Castilla Lori Beer Maria Vullo Lael Brainard Maxine Waters JPMorgan Chase U.S. Bank NYDFS Federal Reserve Print Email Reprints Share Share on Reputation repair: Wells Fargo’s chief marketing officer Jamie Moldafsky says comments about the bank made in social media are akin to “holding up a mirror to ourselves,” providing immediate feedback about the bank's products and its efforts to rehab its image. “For our company right now, it is critical,” she told American Banker at the Collision conference in New Orleans. “We read the comments voraciously… there is a full range of responses from our customers and all of them are important.” She also shared how the bank is trying to use data to determine customers’ needs rather than just push products. Can social media humanize big banks? The rise of social media emerged right around the time Jill Castilla, chief executive of Citizens Bank of Edmond, arrived to turn the bank around and she has harnessed social media for customer engagement ever since. “We didn’t have a marketing department; we had very little money… [it] seemed like an accessible way we could get feedback,” she said. She said the bank’s involvement on social media has helped shape Citizens’ brand, business and community. In many cases, however, larger banks aren't capitalizing on the opportunity as much. “Big banks use social more for problem management and financial literacy tools. But it really should be a tool to make people feel connected to the people that are running these big banks rather than just being someone that can respond to a question. Big banks are missing out on being able to humanize institutions that can often be villainized.” Not one of the guys: Being a woman working in a man’s world is an opportunity, says Lori Beer, JPMorgan’s investment bank CIO. But she doesn’t recommend trying to fit in. “My advice would be to stop trying to be like one of the guys,” Beer said. “I spent years being the only woman on predominantly male technology teams, but the best thing you can do as a woman in technology is to stay focused on the value you can bring as an individual.” Beer also talked about JPM’s 10,000-person tech team, the culture inside its technology hubs and the frenemy relationship between legacy financial firms and startups. Like mother like daughter: U.S. Bank's Jodi Richard always knew she would be a banker. Her mother, a former manager at a regional bank, served as a role model and even made the suggestion that she take an interview with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, where she ended up working her first job out of college. Richard is now the chief operational risk officer for Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank, where she oversees the bank’s entire operational risk department. “All of my foundational learning about regulation and even how a bank’s balance sheet works and how it operates, I learned from the OCC,” Richard says. “I always say that being a bank examiner made me a better banker because I felt like I understood what their mission and goals were. Being a banker and then going back to the OCC also made me a better examiner because, having sat in the other chair, I knew it wasn’t as easy as you think it might be.” Richard also talked about how the bank tackles operational risk and the extent to which its risk disciplines are integrated into the business. Tough on bank misconduct: It’s been a little over a year since Maria Vullo joined the New York State Department of Financial Services as acting superintendent, before being confirmed by the state legislature in June. So far, she’s finalized a wide-ranging cybersecurity rule and levied $1 billion in penalties against several major foreign banks for anti-money laundering violations — issues she has said and shown she takes seriously. Some thought she would take a softer stance than her predecessor, Ben Lawsky, who maintained a much higher profile in the media during his tenure than Vullo seems to care for. “I’m both a regulator and a law enforcement agency, and where you see an institution that just does not have systems to prevent money laundering transactions, terrorist transactions, you can’t turn your eye from that — that’s serious conduct,” she said. “We want to prevent bad transactions and we want to prevent cyberattacks. And you, top management, are responsible.” Maria Vullo, superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services. Fed’s two cents: The Federal Reserve wants to give input on future rules governing technology companies that want to move into consumer lending markets, Fed Governor Lael Brainard said. Under the OCC’s fintech charter, tech companies can offer consumers loans directly without having to obtain a banking license. Fintech companies have welcomed the idea, but state regulators and smaller banks have been concerned. Add the Fed to the list, as it waits on policymakers to determine whether fintech companies can tap the Fed for the services that traditional banks enjoy. "The OCC's proposal raises interpretive and policy issues for the Federal Reserve regarding whether charter recipients would become Federal Reserve members or have access to Federal Reserve accounts and services," Brainard said. Last week the Conference of State Banking Supervisors filed a lawsuit against the OCC, arguing it lacks the legal power to create a fintech charter. No turning back? The House Financial Services Committee began debate Tuesday on a sweeping regulatory reform bill. It’s expected to pass on party lines, but few expect it to stand a chance in the Senate. “The bill destroys Wall Street reform, guts the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and returns us to the financial system that allowed risky and predatory Wall Street practices and products to crash our economy,” said Rep. Maxine Waters, the lead Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee. Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-N.Y., called the House GOP bill a "middle finger to consumers, regulators, investors and the market.” Beyond banking Goals: Rockwell Automation, a Milwaukee-based industrial automation and software company, has been recruiting more women and people of color over the past decade — and retaining them. The current and former CEOs have made diversity a priority and part of managers’ performance reviews. “Now if you want to be promoted, you need to be engaged in something related to diversity and inclusion, and you can’t fake it,” said Stephanie de Garay, who joined Rockwell in 1996. As a result, Rockwell is recruiting and retaining more women and minority engineers and managers at a time when competition for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics is tough and Silicon Valley execs say they can’t find enough minorities with that expertise. Last year, 25% of managers and 25% of senior leaders who report directly to the CEO were women, up from 11% in 2008. Rockwell coaches white men to understand and change attitudes and behaviors that make women and minorities feel unwelcome and prevent them from advancing. Women in office: “She Inspires” is a New York art exhibit inspired by women who have left their mark on history. It aims to raise funds for an organization that encourages women to run for office. “Historically speaking, women’s history has often been marginalized or sectioned off into its own category of ‘women’s studies,’ as if it is not a ‘real’ part of the history of the world,” said curator Indira Cesarine. “I wanted ‘She Inspires’ to include art that has a strong visual impact and also that could pique the curiosity of the viewer to learn more about the subjects of the works.” The show includes portraits of Egyptian queen Nefertiti, Nina Simone, Queen Elizabeth II and contemporary icons like Michelle Obama and Alicia Keys, among other historical figures. It opened this week at the Untitled Space. American Banker is now accepting nominations for its rankings of the Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance and the Top Teams in Banking. You can find the applications here. Tanaya Macheel More from this Author Tackling income volatility; New CMO at Citi One less female CEO-CFO duo; Supreme manteruppting Soros' first female CIO; 'bro' bias in lending BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FIG Partners Research Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Langen Mcalenn Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Hope Bancorp Inc Issued By FIG Partners (HOPE) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Realty Income Corp (O) Cut by Analyst Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (TYPE) Cut to Neutral at B. Riley Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Research Coverage Started at Robert W. Baird Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Acceleron Pharma’s (XLRN) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at JMP Securities Insider Buying: AuRico Metals Inc. (AMI) Director Acquires C$108,000.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Transocean LTD (RIG) SVP Sells $106,596.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) CFO Sells $88,900.00 in Stock Rewalk Robotics (RWLK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Stake Maintained by Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV J Samuel Crowley Sells 2,119 Shares of United States Cellular Corp (USM) Stock Insider Buying: Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Director Buys $100,102.73 in Stock Shaw Communications (SJR) Receives News Impact Score of 0.12 Sangamo Therapeutics (SGMO) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.15 Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Boosts Stake in Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Langen Mcalenn Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) – Investment analysts at Langen Mcalenn increased their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for Hartford Financial Services Group in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. Langen Mcalenn analyst R. Glasspiegel now forecasts that the insurance provider will earn $1.05 per share for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $0.98. Langen Mcalenn also issued estimates for Hartford Financial Services Group’s Q4 2017 earnings at $1.23 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $4.25 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $1.14 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $1.12 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $1.27 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $4.55 EPS. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. FBR & Co reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Credit Suisse Group AG cut Hartford Financial Services Group from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $51.00 to $53.00 in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on Hartford Financial Services Group from $51.00 to $49.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Hartford Financial Services Group currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $50.36. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Langen Mcalenn Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/langen-mcalenn-analysts-increase-earnings-estimates-for-hartford-financial-services-group-inc-hig.html. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) traded up 0.37% on Wednesday, hitting $49.22. 900,461 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $18.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.36 and a beta of 1.22. Hartford Financial Services Group has a 12-month low of $38.92 and a 12-month high of $50.26. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $48.02 and its 200-day moving average price is $47.53. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The insurance provider reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.02 by $0.02. The firm earned $4.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.90 billion. Hartford Financial Services Group had a return on equity of 7.40% and a net margin of 4.90%. The business’s revenue was up 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.78 earnings per share. In other Hartford Financial Services Group news, Director Teresa Wynn Roseborough purchased 1,005 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was bought at an average cost of $49.72 per share, with a total value of $49,968.60. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 5,755 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $286,138.60. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 1.23% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of HIG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 42.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,839,369 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,277,723,000 after buying an additional 8,835,456 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 25,144,247 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,198,530,000 after buying an additional 1,025,637 shares in the last quarter. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 21.8% in the first quarter. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. now owns 6,140,185 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $295,159,000 after buying an additional 1,098,003 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 4,873,318 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $232,220,000 after buying an additional 96,701 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC boosted its position in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 4,066,574 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $193,772,000 after buying an additional 207,200 shares in the last quarter. 89.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Hartford Financial Services Group Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Friday, May 05, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Amit Shah's 95-day Vistar Yatra: With eye on Lok Sabha 2019 polls, BJP president plans to expand party base AAP terms CBI raids on Delhi Secretariat politically motivated, attempt to instill fear in party FERA violation case: Court gives nod to VK Sasikala's video conferencing plea Rahul Gandhi will make a good prime minister: Punjab chief minister Captain Amarinder Singh Kerala's Left Democratic Front alliance headed for troubled waters as CPI, CPM battle over Munnar eviction, KM Mani Tie old cows outside BJP men's houses and see if they cared, says RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav Sports West Indies vs Pakistan: Visitors' batting order once again crumbled under pressure to concede 2nd Test 'Rishabh Pant a star in the making': Sachin Tendulkar, Amitabh Bachchan laud DD batsman's knock CT 2017: BCCI justified in standing its ground against ICC gang which brings in paltry revenue Arjuna Award nominee Gaurav Gill insists racers deserve to be recognised as athletes, not entertainers PV Sindhu, Saina Nehwal slip a place each in latest BWF rankings Europa League: Marcus Rashford wonder goal edges Manchester United close to final India No-fly draft rules in place: Unruly passengers may be suspended from flying for up to 2 yrs India must rethink its 'stable' Pakistan policy with Islamic fundamentalists grabbing control of neighbour's army Eman Ahmed, having shed 323 kgs, admitted to Abu Dhabi hospital to continue treatment Thrissur Pooram 2017: After last year's Kollam tragedy, government takes sting out of festival Live grenade recovered from Red Fort premises; triggers massive security scare 2012 Delhi gangrape case: A look at Jyoti Singh's killers whose fate will be decided by Supreme Court today World Donald Trump praises Australia's healthcare system, resolves tiff with PM Malcom Turnbull After United, it's Delta Airlines: Company apologises for kicking family with young children off a flight Watch: 'Personal flying machines' may start selling this year Watch: Beauty salons welcome anew in Kabul American Healthcare Act passed: Indian-American law makers raise serious concerns American Healthcare Act passed: Salient features of Donald Trump's bill aimed at repealing Obamacare Business No-fly draft rules in place: Unruly passengers may be suspended from flying for up to 2 yrs Right to Education has done more harm than good; return of exams is just a one step towards reform India's domestic passenger traffic growth slows in March: IATA Jet Airways offers special fares on 24th anniversary Counting of old notes to still take a few months: Economic Affairs Secretary NCLAT to hear Mistry's firms pleas in July Life Barack Obama proposed to a 'serious' girlfriend before he eventually met Michelle: Book Photographer Souvid Datta accused of plagiarising Mary Ellen Mark's work for Sonagachi series In Hot Blood: Read an excerpt from Bachi Karkaria's new book on the Nanavati case Andhra Pradesh's Banganapalle mango known as 'king of fruit' gets GI tag Stringent new adoption laws aim to eliminate babies' commodification, but are all parents happy? Humans must leave Earth in 100 years, colonise another planet to survive: Stephen Hawking Entertainment Kannada TV actress Rekha Sindhu dies in car crash on Chennai-Bengaluru highway: Reports Justin Bieber Purpose India concert: Itinerary, tour plan, ticket availability — the complete guide Tubelight has Salman Khan playing the 'simpleton' yet again: How he made it a hit trope Dangal to release in 9,000 screens across China, highest for an Indian film in any territory Bahubali 2 cinematographer Senthil Kumar reflects on the making of the blockbuster film Kangana Ranaut to make her directorial debut with a comedy after Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News City of London's Brexit job losses limited to 'low thousands': new policy chief | Reuters City of London's Brexit job losses limited to 'low thousands': new policy chief | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 04 2017 22:15:06 IST #Reuters By Huw Jones and Andrew MacAskill | LONDON LONDON A shift in banking jobs from Britain to continental Europe because of Brexit is likely be in the "low thousands", the City of London's new policy chief said on Thursday - and warned that a "turbulent" few months lay ahead.Catherine McGuinness, 58, was elected on Thursday as the chairman of the City of London's policy and resources committee, making her the political face of the ancient "Square Mile" financial district.A trained financial lawyer and veteran of many financial institutions, she served as deputy chairman of the committee, she said London would remain the world's top financial center.This week Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) were the latest to ensure they can continue to service its continental customers after Brexit in 2019."All the signals that we are seeing is that people are just making plans for the minimum necessary to ensure continuity. We are not seeing a great move in the signals," McGuinness told Reuters. "The signals that we are seeing would be in the low thousands. Indeed at the moment, just a couple of thousand."Britain's finance minister, Philip Hammond, warned on Thursday that attempts by the EU to make a grab for the clearing of euro-denominated securities, an activity London dominates, could disrupt growth and weaken financial stability.It was the latest in a battle of words between London and Brussels as formal "Article 50" EU divorce proceedings get underway. "I think one would expect the next few months to be slightly turbulent as people enter into the spirit of the negotiations. For us it will be a question of carrying on with business as normal, in the background."McGuinness said the financial sector's priority is to get as much access as possible to the European market, with a system of "mutual recognition" - whereby the EU and Britain accept each other's systems of regulation - probably the best solution. "Mutual recognition is a work in progress. There are elements within our recommendations that need further work and development."There is no guarantee the EU would agree to such a system, which has never been done before in financial services on the scale envisaged by the City.McGuinness said although ensuring there is a so-called transitional arrangement to stagger Britain's departure is a priority an announcement of any deal is likely months away because of European elections in France and Germany."The earlier, the better ... But I have every confidence that it is in everyone's interest to have some sort of clarity before the Article 50 period runs out." (Reporting by Huw Jones, editing by David Evans) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 04, 2017 10:15 pm | Updated Date: May 04, 2017 10:15 pm Also See U.S. scientists to protest Trump policies at Earth Day rally in Washington | Reuters Thousands turn out for March for Science in U.S. cities | Reuters Hull, Swansea win to lift survival hopes, Boro sink deeper | Reuters March for Science draws big crowds, clever signs across U.S. | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 5 RCB Vs KXIP 2 May 6 SRH Vs RPS 3 May 6 DD Vs MI 4 May 7 RCB Vs KKR 5 May 7 KXIP Vs GL Full Schedule Top Stories India must rethink its 'stable' Pakistan policy with Islamic fundamentalists grabbing control of neighbour's army SC Contempt Notice to Kerala for Not Reinstating Senkumar as Police Chief Kannada TV actress Rekha Sindhu dies in car crash on Chennai-Bengaluru highway: Reports IPL 2017: Rishabh Pant and Sanju Samson's decimation of GL gave a peek into the future Gold: More a ‘hedge’, less an investment American Healthcare Act passed: Salient features of Donald Trump's bill aimed at repealing Obamacare No-fly draft rules in place: Unruly passengers may be suspended from flying for up to 2 yrs Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs GUJ Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs HYD Delhi Daredevils beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs GUJ Rising Pune Supergiant beat Gujarat Lions by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs BLR Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs KOL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 48 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK West Indies beat Pakistan by 106 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs DEL Kings XI Punjab beat Delhi Daredevils by 10 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs MUM Gujarat Lions tied with Mumbai Indians (Mumbai Indians win Super Over by 5 runs) Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs BLR Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 61 runs Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 5th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs PUN - May 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs PNE - May 6th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs MUM - May 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 7th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs KOL - May 7th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs GUJ - May 7th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs MUM - May 8th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs KOL - May 9th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - May 10th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST 1City of London's Brexit job losses limited to 'low thousands': new policy chief | Reuters 2J&J ordered to pay $110 million in U.S. talc-powder trial | Reuters 3Asian stocks tread water on U.S., commodities concerns | Reuters 4Japan, China, S.Korea pledge to resist protectionism | Reuters 5Exclusive: Uber faces criminal probe over software used to evade authorities | Reuters More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FBR & Co Reiterates Outperform Rating for LKQ Co. (LKQ) Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Insider Sells $63,869.80 in Stock QAD (QADA) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.02 Christine Rose Detrick Sells 500 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Stock Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Tesoro Logistics (TLLP) Share Price Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.16 Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Acquires $70,020.00 in Stock Insider Buying: First Financial Bankshares Inc (FFIN) Director Purchases $60,540.00 in Stock Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Salix Pharmaceuticals (SLXP) Stock Price Armada Hoffler Properties (AHH) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.11 Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Position Maintained by Whittier Trust Co. Maxwell Technologies Inc. (MXWL) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Has $73.835 Million Position in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (PMBC) Raised to “Outperform” at Hovde Group Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers Paragon Commercial Corp (PBNC) to Market Perform Sirius XM Holdings’ (SIRI) Underweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Price Target Raised to $75.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) to Neutral Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Position Reduced by First Midwest Bank Trust Division Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Stake Raised by First Midwest Bank Trust Division FBR & Co Reiterates Outperform Rating for LKQ Co. (LKQ) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet FBR & Co reissued their outperform rating on shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) in a report published on Friday morning. FBR & Co currently has a $41.00 target price on the auto parts company’s stock, up from their prior target price of $40.00. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on LKQ in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an overweight rating and a $41.00 target price on the stock. William Blair reaffirmed an outperform rating on shares of LKQ in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised LKQ from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $37.00 target price on shares of LKQ in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $39.25. Shares of LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded down 0.529% during trading on Friday, hitting $31.035. The stock had a trading volume of 442,913 shares. The company has a market cap of $9.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.755 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ has a 12 month low of $27.85 and a 12 month high of $36.35. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $29.42 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.32. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a return on equity of 16.41% and a net margin of 5.48%. The company had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.42 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that LKQ will post $1.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/fbr-co-reiterates-outperform-rating-for-lkq-co-lkq.html. In other news, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total value of $903,900.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 319,380 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,622,919.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Robert M. Hanser sold 1,024 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.49, for a total value of $32,245.76. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,552 shares in the company, valued at $111,852.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 39,546 shares of company stock worth $1,206,038 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in LKQ. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the fourth quarter worth $107,000. TLP Group LLC purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth $125,000. Cantab Capital Partners LLP purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the fourth quarter worth $146,000. State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the first quarter worth $210,000. Finally, Conning Inc. purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth $216,000. 88.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. LKQ Company Profile LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad MetLife changes hedging strategy after billions in losses By Reuters Published: 13:02 EDT, 4 May 2017 | Updated: 13:02 EDT, 4 May 2017 e-mail By Suzanne Barlyn NEW YORK, May 4 (Reuters) - MetLife Inc has changed its derivatives trading strategy after two consecutive quarters in which losses from wrong-way trades hurt the insurer's profit. The largest U.S. life insurer has altered the "technique and structure" of certain hedges to make the company less sensitive to interest rate movements, Chief Executive Officer Steven Kandarian told analysts on a call to discuss first-quarter results on Thursday. Operating profit beat analyst expectations, but included after-tax net losses of $602 million related to its derivatives portfolio in the first quarter. The prior quarter included $3.2 billion worth of such losses. MetLife's derivatives losses largely pertain to its planned divestiture of a retail insurance business called Brighthouse Financial. Other insurers that reported results recently, including American International Group Inc and Prudential Financial Inc, have not had the same issues. On the call, JPMorgan analyst Jamminder Singh Bhullar said he was "a little surprised" by the losses, considering interest rates did not move in a significant way against the type of positions executives described during the first quarter. Kandarian cited several factors in response: a rising U.S. stock market, a decline in 10-year Treasury note prices, higher rates for hedges, accounting standards that treat MetLife's positions unfavorably, plus general "ineffectiveness" all hurt the company, he said. The "ineffectiveness" alone cost MetLife $139 million, Chief Financial Officer John Hele said. Two-thirds of the losses were "non-economic," meaning they reflect accounting standards regarding how assets and liabilities are valued, rather than the underlying health of the business, MetLife said. All major financial companies use a type of derivative known as swaps to offset possible losses from changes in interest rates. However, rates have been at lows for a historic amount of time, as the Federal Reserve and other central banks tried to boost economies following the 2008 financial crisis. The Fed began raising rates last year and hiked its key rate target again in March, hurting companies that expected rates to remain low for longer. Changes in market values can cause large swings in earnings related to derivatives because of the way companies must treat them under accounting rules. MetLife's painful derivatives positions are largely a result of positions it put in place to ensure Brighthouse would be financially strong from a capital perspective, and the spinoff would go smoothly. The company is awaiting regulatory approvals for the spinoff, which are unlikely to happen within the first half of the year, Kandarian said. (Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Matthew Lewis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Pippa and her fiance James make their FIRST official public appearance together at a charity ball two weeks before their wedding Looking svelte Booty-ful day! Kim Kardashian goes casual cool as she shows off famous derriere in sweatpants while filming KUWTK in LA Pert posterior Michael Barrymore, 65, makes the most of his bus pass: Presenter is just another face in the crowd as he queues at a stop in London  Rare sighting 'Hi Little One': Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder announce they're expecting a baby... and post sweet Instagram message to unborn child Beyonce denies lip injection speculation and says pregnancy is behind plumper pout Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z, are expecting twins Curves ahead! Amber Rose flaunts her famous form in grey leggings and peach top while hiking in Los Angeles She's never been shy  'I wish she was my accountant' Countdown's mathematician Rachel Riley drives her fans wild in very sexy orange optical-illusion dress Phwoar-dan! Busty Katie Price channels her former glamour girl alter-ego in a barely-there bikini top as she films scenes for her new TV show in Miami 'Does judging Kim make me feel better?' Ashley James shares unretouched swimsuit shot as she berates herself for mocking 'cellulite' snaps 'It was a long road': Caitlyn Jenner revisits how she contemplated suicide during gender transition as she continues to tout new tell-all Wonder in white! Blac Chyna shows off bodacious behind and cleavage in plunging one-piece thong swimsuit on yacht in Miami Goldie Hawn, 71, and Kurt Russell, 66, put on amorous display as they get stars on Walk Of Fame in front of Kate Hudson and Reese Witherspoon Badge of honour! Reese Witherspoon dons homemade Goldie pin while cheering on blonde idol Hawn as she gets star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Two peas in a pod! Diane Lane takes look-alike daughter Eleanor Lambert to Paris Can Wait premiere Family time on the red carpet  Make-up free Halle Berry, 50, shows off her flawless complexion on a grocery run in Beverly Hills 50-year-old Monster's Ball actress  DNCE PDA! Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner share a smooch at lunch following shopping trip in New York Spotted packing on the PDA over a meal Chest a glimpse! Newly single Vanessa White goes braless in extreme plunging velvet jumpsuit at star-studded accessories party  Tom Daley, 22, 'set to wed Dustin Lance Black, 42, this weekend despite TWO cheating scandals in a year... (that's if he gets out of hospital in time) 'It's been mentally draining': Pete Wicks reveals plans to take a break from TOWIE following dramatic split from Megan McKenna Getting sentimental! Serena Williams shares throwback photo with sister Venus after announcing pregnancy last month 'I was shocked': Zoe Saldana confirms Britney Spears accidentally divulged she was pregnant with twins in 2014 A kiss for his rose! Kirk Douglas, 100, plants a loving peck on wife Anne after writing book with her about his extra-marital affairs JAN MOIR: Isn't it time pampered man-baby Sad Dad Brad Pitt just grew up? Estranged husband of Angelina Jolie gave first divorce-era interview Courteney Cox looks flawless in a white blazer and jeans at footwear launch party  The 52-year-old attended the launch of NewbarK's collaboration Still going Solo! Harrison Ford shops by himself in LA on May the 4th Star Wars fans held costume parties worldwide Relaxing with a Beer! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison gets pampered at a nail salon as she flashes her toned torso in boob tube She's hung up her heels! Strictly Come Dancing professional Natalie Lowe QUITS the show after seven years Declined her invitation to return Simply irresistible! Victoria's Secret Angel Lais Ribeiro stuns in black Roberto Cavalli gown at New York City Ballet Spring Gala Brazilian beauty Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'looking to expand their Sydney mega-apartment 'but might have to spend $9M to purchase neighbour's property Now he's Aquaman! Christian Bale and his wife, Sibi, keep it casual as they head for breakfast with growing son, Joseph...carrying snorkels The full package! Movie hunk Mickey Rourke shows off bulge in VERY tight spandex shorts after boxing workout If looks could kill! Darren Criss leaves little to the imagination as he rinses off in tiny Speedo while filming American Crime Story: Versace They're BFFs again! Chloe Sims puts on a busty display as she heads to Joey Essex's clothing launch with an ab-flashing Lauren Pope following TOWIE reunion How angelic! Vanessa Hudgens looks carefree in all-white jumpsuit...as she steps out a week after learning her show Powerless was cancelled Chris Pine and Kate McKinnon pull a series of silly stunts in the SNL prop department for new promo Pine will host Saturday's episode  Victoria Secret model Martha Hunt looks chic in black leather jacket and vintage sunglasses for walk with beloved pooch in NYC Keeping fit! Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off bare midriff in black sports bra as she steps out for a hike Looking remarkably sweat-free Stepping out in style! Jane Krakowski takes the plunge as co-star Ellie Kemper stands out in bold frock at Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt event All is forgiven! Richard Wilkins comes face-to-face with Jeff Goldblum...after falsely reporting the actor as DEAD in 2009 The (latex) gloves are ON! Tyga's rumoured former flame Demi Rose shows off her very ample cleavage by posing TOPLESS in seductive new video Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned torso in mesh top as she steps out alongside sister Bella in New York City Model style Expecting a delivery? Pregnant Whitney Port waits for Postmates food driver to arrive Showcased her burgeoning baby bump  May the farce be with you! Mark Hamill pranks Star Wars fans by sneaking up on them as they recreate iconic scenes Back to work! Kylie Minogue cuts a casual and stylish figure before heading back into the studio... hinting she's recording a new album She's into studs! April Love Geary steps out in ornamented leather jacket as beau Robin Thicke bonds with son Looked rockstar chic Kate Bosworth looks positively radiant in strapless cream top at celeb-studded Roger Vivier event Was out flaunting her style again  Revenge Of The Nerds star Robert Carradine's wife claims he DELIBERATELY smashed their car into truck in an attempted murder-suicide 'Day 1 get tatted and kick some a**'! Hunky Jason Momoa seems happy and relaxed as he begins filming Aquaman in Australia with Amber Heard Fifty shades greyer! Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda and Candice Bergen to introduce EL James' saucy novel to 60+ Book Club in new movie Kristina Rihanoff quashes rumours of 'serious tension' with boyfriend Ben Cohen as she cosies up to him wearing plunging red gown at charity event Siren on the shore! Reality TV star Courtney Stodden nearly busts out of her incredibly tiny string bikini as she hits the beach in LA Barely-there swimwear Stephen Belafonte is pictured having 'intense' conversation with a mystery brunette in West Hollywood... amid acrimonious divorce battle with Mel B EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Might the lovely if intensely self-absorbed Angelina Jolie encourage many of us to order up a cocktail or two? 'I naively hoped everyone would be colorblind': Ashley Graham reveals her family initially didn't accept her black husband SPOILER ALERT: Maxine Minniver is left heartbroken when love rival Darcy Wilde's scheming ruins her wedding to Adam Donovan in Hollyoaks Feeling fan-tastic! Charlie Sheen cuddles up to wellwisher as enjoys a puff at AIDS drug event in Hollywood Getting up close and personal Pregnant Danielle Bux conceals her baby bump in a loose Bardot sundress as she cosies up to boyfriend Nate Greenwald in LA Chic 'OMG the dolls... you're killing me!': Geri Horner shares video of herself working out in her bathroom... but fans are more transfixed by her Spice Girl figurines Game Of Thrones fans delight as HBO starts work on FOUR spin-offs of the blockbuster fantasy tale Each project will 'explore different time periods' Pregnant Bar Refaeli looks radiant as she proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in plunging satin dress at travel awards in Madrid Glowing Kris Jenner granted restraining order against former security guard accused of stalking the Kardashian momager Legal battle Brad Pitt gave ex Angelina Jolie 'a head's up' before his revealing interview about 'boozing' and 'therapy' was released Friendly warning  Intergalact-kiss! Katherine Waterston stuns in a busty semi-sheer gown as she puckers up to Michael Fassbender at Alien: Covenant premiere That's her girl! Blac Chyna shares sweet new photo of her adorable giggling baby daughter Dream Kardashian Cute 'He was a really happy person': Heath Ledger's sister Kate slams reports new documentary 'whitewashed' his demons 'To one of the strongest girls I know!' Sofia Vergara wishes childhood gal pal happy birthday with flashy throwback snap of themselves in costume  She found her shirt! Makeup-free Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in sporty outfit...one day after sharing topless snap Racy snap Come Away With Me! Jazz singer Norah Jones wows in polka dot printed bikini as she relaxes during Hawaiian vacation  Retro two-piece Hadid a bad day? Zayn Malik looks down in the dumps as he leaves Gigi's New York apartment... after suffering backlash over £120k charity plea 'Sister bumps!' Binky Felstead reveals that she and lookalike sibling Anna-Louise are just seven weeks apart in their pregnancies as they show off bare tums White on target! Kate Hudson looks sensational in sexy summer dress with a high slit as she hits Walk Of Fame ceremony for Goldie and Kurt 'Sorry to hear you're standing down, sir.' 'Well I can't stand up much longer!' Prince Philip, 95, seals retirement with humour as he prepares to end royal duties Oh Philip! Did you really say that? His critics called them gaffes. But they were also the one-liners that brightened up his (and our) working days...  That's slick! Kendall Jenner gels down her locks as she poses up a storm in FOUR different outfits in New York The 21-year-old was put through her paces 'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Ed Sheeran reveals he writes FIVE tunes a day as it's the one thing that stops him feeling 'low' in Desert Island Discs teaser 'Rowling has an insatiable ego': Joanna Trollope goes on the warpath with Harry Potter author as she claims she is obsessed with social media  Mama June braves the Baywatch swimsuit again after drastic 300lb weight loss and surgery (and gets a little help from airbrush too) Previously 460lbs PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Downcast Jeremy McConnell departs Stephanie Davis' house... as he lashes out at 'malicious' post-rehab drinking claims She's one hot dog! Kylie Jenner strips down to her knickers to flaunt her tiny waist while playing around with puppy Snapchat filter  His number one fan! Khloe Kardashian cheers on her boyfriend Tristan Thompson and the Cleveland Cavaliers during NBA playoffs Cheerleader Duke of Edinburgh sneaks out of London to stay with friends: Prince heads north after announcing retirement at meeting where you could hear pin drop How I captured 'royal boss' Kate, by Charles III star: Actress Charlotte Rilley admits 'bingewatching' clips of the Duchess on YouTube  It is happening again! Showtime reveals glimpses of Twin Peaks characters 25 years later in new teaser Following the ABC series finale in 1991 Queen bump! Beyonce shows off burgeoning baby belly in sheer black top... before switching to cheeky T-shirt with 'preggers' on it Maternity chic 'It's akin to racism': One-armed CBeebies presenter Cerrie Burnell weighs in on furore over her refusal to wear prosthetic limb... as she poses in a bikini  May the Fourth be with him! Danny Trejo gets into the Star Wars Day fun as as he shares his 'lost' audition for iconic film and spoofs Princess Leia Greatest double act of them all: He shored her up in times of crisis. Now his retirement means we'll see less of the Queen too, say the Mail's royal writers Thigh hard with a vengeance! Slimline Tallulah Willis showcases her toned gym body after punishing workout Slender They didn't have those in the '40s! Lily James wears period costume to snap selfies on her phone while filming World War II movie Guernsey That's one pampered pooch! Bella Thorne shows off her new pet puppy Dojo... who has dog-walkers Wag 'on speed dial' Puppy love 'I can't wait to see him': Niall Horan reveals he's bought the sweetest gifts for Liam Payne and Cheryl's baby son Bear as he makes plans for a visit Something he said? Pink-wigged Cara Delevingne sprints away from Jaden Smith as the pair film for new drama Life In A Year in Toronto On set 'They really looked like a couple': Kylie Jenner's rapper beau Travis Scott has been telling friends they are 'the real deal' Has she found real love? No wonder she's called The Female Boss: Tulisa enjoys a dip in skimpy white string bikini in Mumbai... before flashing her abs in crop top to fly home He's Scott got to be joking: Tom Hardy cuts a scruffy figure as he signs autographs at Alien: Covenant premiere ahead of collaboration with Ridley Beattie's new man is a pug called Patrick! Actress to star alongside dog in new Disney family comedy  Absolutely Fabulous' Beattie Edmondson BBC to put War of the Worlds on TV: HG Wells' novel finally adapted for British viewers 120 years after it was published First adaptation Team Windsor rallies round: How the 'Firm' will step up to take on Prince Philip's duties as Duke prepares to end 70 years of royal engagements  Murder on the Brexit Express: As Christie remake is announced, RICHARD LITTLEJOHN imagines if Hercule Poirot was called upon to solve the Brexit saga Back to her country roots! Miley Cyrus soaks up the sun in white dress and rides toy horse in Daisy Dukes for idyllic photoshoot Frill-seeker: Claire Sweeney, 46, shows off her super svelte figure in a strapless blue jumpsuit with matching silver accessories at music event 'I did it once and I'll do it again!' Lauren Goodger shares inspirational throwback snap of when she was at her smallest as she continues weight loss Still wild for each other! Game of Thrones stars Kit Harington and Rose Leslie hold hands and cosy up at lunch as they enjoy a romantic break in sunny Greece Rihanna spotted 'getting cosy' with stylish Olympic fencer Miles Chamley-Watson at the Met Gala The songstress was said to be getting flirty  Beaming Michelle Heaton proudly dons skimpy bandeau bikini... after bravely baring her hysterectomy and double mastectomy scars live on TV Model mom Gisele Bundchen flashes her midriff while out on family stroll with husband Tom Brady and kids Family time Pastel pretty! As Gigi Hadid and Selena Gomez step out in soft feminine hues, FEMAIL rounds up stylish options for YOU to shop now - all under $100 Best boss ever? Jessica Alba has Star Wars theme day at work complete with Darth Vader visit... before sharing sweet throwback snap On the run! Dakota Johnson has another bad hair day in NYC as she is scurried into a chauffeured SUV by an assistant Windswept 'I'm much healthier': Lena Dunham share hospital bed snap and praises strong women with chronic illness Admitted she'd 'felt like lying own' at Met Gala  Sappy and sickly, A Dog's Purpose is a real dog's dinner, writes BRIAN VINER  Unfortunately it was meant to be taken seriously 'I was criticized a lot': Ariel Winter, 19, talks the humiliation of being called 'fat' and 'ugly' at age 11 when she first started shooting Modern Family It's All About Tonight: Busty Pixie Lott wears very sexy nude corset top with draped pink fur jacket at the 4Music Trending Live show Pretty in pink NOW I'm red-dy! Leggy Kendall stuns in scarlet minidress before flashing her behind in tiny white skirt... after her bleary-eyed post-Met Gala Muppets shoot Thank you for the years of duty, say Duke's 800 charities: Prince Philip has championed causes from saving pandas to literacy in Africa Solemn Queen Maxima looks elegant in black as she attends annual Remembrance Day commemorations in The Netherlands Regal These boots were NOT made for walking! Tamara Ecclestone teeters along in strappy thigh-high footwear as she heads to hair salon with mini-me Sophia An Indian yoga casket, a Jacuzzi and 12 white handkerchiefs: Details of Justin Bieber's 'tour rider accommodating his 120-strong entourage leaked online' Imogen Thomas flaunts her assets in an eye-popping skimpy green bikini and sheer black sarong... days after showing off itsy bitsy yellow bikini 'I love therapy': Brad Pitt reveals he is finding comfort in searching his soul with a psychologist during this 'weird time' since Angelina Jolie split Just like Miley! Noah Cyrus sticks out her tongue while promoting her upcoming performance at MTV Movie Awards Think pink Move over David Brent, there's a new fool in town: Mindhorn is inoffensively silly, says BRIAN VINER  Worth watching for the cameos Swimsuit-clad Kelly Rohrbach flaunts cleavage on Cosmo cover... and says 'humor is the sexiest thing' in a man  Beach babe 'She has no idea what's going on between us': Megan McKenna slams TOWIE co-star Chloe Sims for claiming that she is secretly back with ex Pete Wicks EOTB siren Ashleigh Defty strips completely NAKED for seriously sexy snap before showcasing her ample chest in tiny bikini  She shed her clothes  'May The Fourth be with you!' Billie Lourd posts sweet throwback snap with late mom Carrie Fisher to celebrate Star Wars Day Flashback Time to celebrate! Paris Jackson enjoys stroll in NYC after grabbing bite to eat as it's revealed she will star in new film alongside Joel Edgerton TOWIE's Amber Turner sizzles in skimpy bralet and shorts at Megan McKenna's restaurant opening... after stormy reaction to Dan Edgar and Lauren Pope Zoe Saldana and Jaime King discuss their sons, vaccines, and women's health at Global Moms Relay Joined by Laura Dern at the feminist function Which one's Bradley? Cooper chats to his lookalike body double as filming continues on new biopic A Star Is Born with Lady Gaga In action 'Incredibly insensitive': Chris Pratt apologizes in sign language to hearing impaired people for his 'ignorant' comments about subtitles Apologised Cannes spends millions boosting security ahead of film festival in the wake of French terror attacks Ensuring the event is secure Pregnant British Olympic star Laura Kenny, 25, will ban mobiles and games consoles to ensure her first child 'doesn't sit on sofa all day'  EXCLUSIVE: Dolly Parton tells how she cheated on her husband, almost killed herself and her famous boobs are implant free (but lifted) in new book Not even once? Lea Michele swears she's NEVER eaten fast food as she details her love of 'big, healthy meals' and red wine Healthy living  Dakota Blue Richards lives up to her name in a powdery turquoise floor length gown showcasing her slender frame at the Alien: Covenant world premiere in London Back in her skinny jeans! Mila Kunis looks fit on the Atlanta set of A Bad Mom's Christmas... five months after welcoming son Dimitri Bouncing back New dad Liam Payne looks exhausted as he steps out in London... after confirming son's unusual name as Bear Welcomed his first child in March Dreadlock rock star! Rihanna steps out with dreads again to do some re-shoots for Ocean's Eight... after new possible romance Rumours Zoe Kravitz cuts a chic figure in taupe trousers with casual oversized cream sweater during errands run in New York City  Tomboy chic Fashion's cool kids! Doutzen Kroes, husband Sunnery James and their children are style sensations as they step out in New York Whole family outing Make-up free Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off age-defying complexion as she is uncharacteristically low-key in a tracksuit during Beverly Hills outing They're having a girl! Bachelor vets Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert reveal they're expecting a daughter as she shares ultrasound picture 'We have a lot in common now': Penny Lancaster reveals she's friendly with husband Rod Stewart's ex-wife Rachel Hunter... after they both 'grew up' Gaz Beadle's bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey flaunts her pert derriere in steamy bedroom snap as they continue sun-soaked Australian getaway What jet lag? Rita Ora ditches her strange tracksuit in place of figure enhancing jeans as she steps out in London... having flown in from New York earlier Why Andrew will be the Queen's new Plus One: ANDREW PIERCE explains how Her Majesty's second son has emerged as a key figure in 'Team Windsor' The finest consort since Prince Albert: They both elevated young Queens to greatness. ROBERT HARDMAN reveals that's just one parallel 'I am grateful and humbled': Survivor transgender contestant Zeke Smith thanks fans for 'outpouring of love' as he's eliminated from reality show Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen don wide-leg pantsuits for Studio in a School bash in NYC Ashleyis more classic and twin sister Mary-Kate is more funky Lady Marmalade! Poppy Delevingne flaunts her leggy frame as she celebrates her 31st birthday in lavish Moulin Rouge inspired bash with family 'We go to couple's therapy:' Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals his secrets to their happy marriage Rock solid Konnichi-wow! Lottie Moss flaunts her enviably lean legs in a white skater dress with sexy mesh panels as she storms the runway in Japan She's got the late-X Factor! Louisa Johnson flaunts her peachy derriere in skintight trousers and a quirky denim blouse X Factor winner Miami heat! Ex-MIC star Caggie Dunlop displays a hint of sideboob as she sunbathes in sexy cut-out swimsuit to celebrate turning 28 . New mother Amy Childs is using her daughter's PLACENTA as a beauty product after having it turned into face cream Rich in collagen Don't go in Seine! Tom Cruise zips through the streets of Paris on a motorbike as he shoots high-octane scenes for Mission: Impossible 6 He does his own stunts Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she steps out of her home in a gingham dress as her daughter Arabella kindly passes out doughnuts to Secret Service agents Ex On The Beach's Nicole Bass shows off her bikini body as she shares an array of snaps from break with love rat boyfriend Jacques Fraser 'I destroy lives': Stephanie Davis QUITS drinking for sake of her relationship with Jeremy McConnell... after he BLOCKS her over incoherent 'cheat' tweet Amber Rose keeps it low-key as she dotes on sweet son Seb during magical day out at The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Back on mummy duty 'Stop getting drunk!' Hysterical Holly Willoughby gets tipsy on a margarita on This Morning... after retching when Phillip Schofield eats INSECTS Make-up free Lily Collins swaps glamour for comfort in jeans and simple tee as she touches down at LAX... after dramatic Gothic inspired Met Gala look David Bowie unleashed: New exhibition unveils rare and never-before-seen photos of Life On Mars singer taken in 2002 New images All hail! Natalie Portman takes to the streets of London as she shoots dramatic new scenes in the pouring rain for upcoming movie Charlie Hunnam discovers his true legacy as he goes to war with Jude Law in action-packed new trailer for King Arthur: Legend of the Sword Busty Mariah Carey oozes sex appeal in plunging lace-up thigh-skimming dress as she parties the night away... after admitting she's close to ex Nick Cannon Still in raptures about Blondie: New album Pollinator proves she's still the bee's knees, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  Top performer 'I take care of my mind, body and spirit!': General Hospital vet Kristina Wagner, 54, looks ripped as she poses for the FIRST time in a bikini Anything you can do! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, steps out with new model 'beau' Younes Bendjima, 23... as ex Scott Disick is linked to British beauty, 19 Rita Ora masks her stunning figure beneath bizarre orange tracksuit while arriving in London from NYC... days after getting close with Diplo at Met Gala after-party PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: TOWIE star Jamie Reed's model girlfriend Jade Lewis sizzles in a bikini as they put on a VERY steamy display during Mallorca getaway 'I never really saw him out of costume' Brenton Thwaites reveals Johnny Depp remained in character throughout filming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Simon Cowell's adorable son Eric, 3, is in his element as he goes for a run through the park while delighted mother Lauren Silverman looks on EXCLUSIVE: Whoopi Goldberg demands $3.5 million, an executive producer title and her nemesis ABC executive fired - in exchange for her return to The View' Hot wheels! Christina El Moussa takes her $190k Bentley for a spin as she gears up for another season of Flip or Flop with ex Tarek  Busy lady 'I check myself obsessively': Coleen Nolan has constant cancer fears over family's tragic history... as she sobs at ball in memory of Bernie 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks about quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Jean-ius or disaster? Ashley Benson wears double denim embracing the tough-to-wear style Seemed as cool as ice as she stepped out in Beverly Hills Kate Garraway wells up as her children surprise her on GMB for her 50th... whilst her co-hosts treat her with a pair of GIANT knickers and a very cringy video Queen is joined by the Duke of Edinburgh for a service at St James's Palace - as they announce his retirement leaving the monarch to perform duties alone 70 years and 22,191 engagements: How Prince Philip has been the Queen's 'rock' since their fairytale wedding, becoming one of the hardest working royals 'I declare this thing open, whatever it is': The gaffe-prone Duke who often said what he shouldn't (although the public loved him for it)  He's uncensored  It's Raining, mum! Make-up free Geri Horner braves the drizzle in hooded jacket to take her baby son Monty out for a stroll in his pram Will that be a Taken-away sir? Liam Neeson makes surprise stop at Canada sandwich shop after staff offered the Hollywood star a free meal Bleary-eyed Nicola McLean appears to have suffered a spill as she departs Megan McKenna's restaurant launch with stained trousers  Wet and wild! Rumer Willis sets pulses racing as she strips off to enjoy a steamy lesbian bathtub romp with co-star Serayah McNeill on hit show Empire Fur-free FLOTUS? Melania Trump gushes over 'beautiful' Russian faux-fur coat she received from Pamela Anderson in 'sweet' thank-you note 'Celebrating her life': Happy Days cast reunite at Erin Moran memorial after Scott Baio controversially attributed her cancer death to drugs Ed Sheeran is led on a pub crawl by Saoirse Ronan as she shows off her dance moves, downs pints and tattoos the singer in wild video for hit song Galway Girl Joanna Krupa flaunts her enviable physique in super-skinny jeans and a backless top as she grabs dinner in LA She's never been afraid to flaunt her figure  'It's so petty, it's so childish!': Matt Lauer gets annoyed with Ellen DeGeneres after she has a Savannah Guthrie impersonator scare him Prank war Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out to meet dad Mohamed for a dinner date in NYC The sisters reunited with family Jasmin Walia looks every inch the Baywatch babe as she flaunts her assets and pert derriere in plunging red swimwear on Spanish beach She rear-ly doesn't care: Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation as she sends a subtle hint to body shamers Tantric sex and the city? Sting lists his Manhattan penthouse for $56m - where he and Trudie Styler have his-and-her baths and fur throws in their bedroom She means business! Queen Letizia of Spain looks sharp in a leather pencil skirt as she arrives at an exhibition in Madrid  Spanish royal Sophie's whirlwind week! The Countess of Wessex takes on ANOTHER engagement in Berkshire just hours after flying back to the UK from Estonia  Ex On The Beer! Leggy Jemma Lucy sports JUST a T-shirt as she enjoys a drink in the sunshine with 'former flame' Charlotte Dawson Girls' get together 'Down for a good time!' Courtney Stodden teases men to 'impress her' with busty selfies on dating website where bachelors PAY to date her... following divorce 'I felt like a lone voice': Denise Welch candidly discusses her battle with clinical depression as she admits making a film about her condition left her in tears Make-up free Kate Upton sports a feminist slogan sweater as she catches a flight out of LAX with her pet pooch Harley  Making a statement Barefaced beauty Elizabeth Olsen flaunts her enviably lean legs in tiny denim shorts as she hits the shops She's been hard at work on the Avengers film 'That wiped the smile away!' TOWIE viewers SLAM disgruntled Amber Turner as she glares at Dan Edgar's cosy display with Lauren Pope Real Housewives of Cheshire star Leanne Brown sips bubbly as she maintains her pert posterior by having suction cups attached to 'reposition melted fat' Sexy senorita! Flirty Salma Hayek, 50, flaunts her buxom age-defying physique in a colourful floral dress for How To Be A Latin Lover premiere in Mexico City The Bold-win and the beautiful! Leggy Hailey turns heads in bright yellow minidress and seriously racy PVC thigh-high boots for dinner Her boys! Sharon Stone, 59, brings her sons to premiere of her new film A Little Something for Your Birthday A family affair The spy who lost the plot: Who can you trust? Who cares in the messy, convoluted thriller, Unlocked, writes BRIAN VINER Convoluted Belle of the ball Catherine Zeta-Jones dazzles in a strapless purple gown as she takes to the stage to sing at tribute concert honouring Jimmy Webb Stephanie Davis posts worryingly incoherent 'cheat' tweet while on holiday with Jeremy McConnell... just a day after revealing they want baby number two I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he steps out for a stroll in London  New look 'I wasn't invited!' Paddy McGuinness was SNUBBED from Take Me Out couple's wedding... as smitten pair gush about 'the best day of their lives' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Drivers Trading Nation My Success Story Shaping the future Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital These are the stocks that could outperform if Macron wins Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Christian Hartmann | Reuters Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a campaign political rally in Paris, France, April 17, 2017. French stocks hit a nine-year high on Thursday morning as investors grow confident that Emmanuel Macron will become the next president of France. But market analysts believe that the CAC 40 has further to go if the centrist and independent candidate wins Sunday's vote. A Macron victory is the most "market-friendly" scenario, given his pro-European stance, Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, told CNBC over the phone. He suggested that banking stocks are likely to outperform following a confirmation of Macron's victory. The sector rallied after the results of the first round with Societe Generale and Credit Agricole rising 10 and 11 percent respectively. A Macron win would also "open the door to a change in tone at the European Central Bank level," Juvyns added. If Macron wins against the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, the integrity of the euro zone should be intact. In opposition to Le Pen's policy proposals, Macron wants to strengthen the euro area, which could boost claims that it is time for the ECB to tighten. Claus Vistesen, chief euro zone economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, told CNBC that if Macron wins, the ECB is likely to change its forward guidance at its June meeting. He said that the ECB could open the door to raising rates before the end of its quantitative easing program. Vistesen added that there will be a relief rally on Monday, with banking stocks likely to jump, but a Macron win has already been priced in. "I would not be surprised if markets open higher and go down at lunchtime," he said, "I would not be surprised if everything ends the day in red," Vistesen added. "I would not be surprised if markets open higher and go down at lunchtime," he said, "I would not be surprised if everything ends the day in red," Vistesen added. Disclaimer: Vincent Juvyns doesn't run a portfolio but JP Morgan owns some banking stocks in some European equity portfolios. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GLE --- CAC ---
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices What's causing Ethereum to jump by 900 percent? Investopedia Prableen Bajpai 14 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 7 reasons you could get less Social Security The 10 most counterfeited products in America With its ability to codify, decentralize, secure and trade just about anything, Ethereum​ has created a lot of buzz since its 2015 launch. It was quick to move up the ladder in terms of market capitalization, leaving behind a trail of 700 odd cryptocurrencies. Its recent rally has been unprecedented, an increase of 900% in 2017, growing from about $8 at the beginning of the year to beyond $80 in early May. Here’s a close look at Ethereum and an attempt to understand the factors that are fueling its spectacular rise. Quotes in the article Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 68.81 -0.27 -0.39% ING Groep NV ING ▲ 16.98 +0.31 +1.86% Ethan Allen Interiors Inc ETH ▼ 30.65 -0.25 -0.81% Bank of New York Mellon Corp BK ▲ 47.61 +0.21 +0.44% Ethereum, launched on July 30, 2015, is a Ethereum​ platform. It is a form of payment made by clients for operating on the Ethereum platform and thus acts like an incentive for developers looking to develop and run applications within. One of the natural consequences of its popularity has been its constant comparison to Bitcoin. The two differ in their basic purposes. Unlike Bitcoin, the primary purpose of Ethereum is not to establish itself as a payment alternative. It goal is to facilitate and monetize the working of Ethereum to enable developers to build and run ĐApps. However, on the trading platform, Ether rises as a staunch competitor to all cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin. (Related reading, see: Bitcoin Vs Ethereum: Driven by Different Purposes) Why Is It Rising? Over the eight years of its existence, Bitcoin has taught few lessons and helped generate the confidence among people to plunge into the world of Virtual Currencies. Bitcoin, backed by a stream of positive news is trading at a life-time high. This has spread a positive sentiment about cryptocurrencies in general, and Ethereum is benefitting from the same, just like the rest. Further, Ethereum (ETH) on its own has been generating excitement with big names such as JPMorgan Chase Co. (JPM), Intel, Bank of New York Mellon Corp. (BK), Microsoft, ING Group (ING), UBS, Wipro, British Petroleum, Santander and Credit Suisse endorsing it by joining the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance that “connects Fortune 500 enterprises, startups, academics, and technology vendors with Ethereum subject matter experts.” Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) has been offering Ethereum Blockchain as a Service (EBaaS) on Microsoft Azure since November 2015, in collaboration with ConsenSys, “so Enterprise clients and developers can have a single click cloud based blockchain developer environment.” Given the fact that Ethereum is not just a platform but also a programming language (Turing complete) running on a blockchain, helping developers to build, publish distributed applications and run programs, it is being explored the most for enterprise use. (Related reading, see: The First-Ever Ethereum IRA is a Game-Changer) Chris Kline, COO of BitcoinIRA (the first SEC-approved Bitcoin-based IRA) told Investopedia, “Smart contracts are not only disruptive, they are logical. Whether it's government, global corporations or small business, these will inevitably be a part of everyday life. As that realization grows, so too will Ethereum.” In early April, Blockchain​ Capital, a venture capital firm investing in cryptocurrency ecosystem, successfully raised $10 million in record time (6 hours) for its first digital liquid venture fund, called Blockchain Capital III Digital Liquid Venture Fund, LP. The fund, registered in Singapore raised funds via a digital token build on the Ethereum platform. (Related reading, see: SingularDTV Creating Entertainment On The Ethereum Blockchain) Not just corporates and private institutions, but even global organizations such as the United Nations are looking to harness the Ethereum blockchain to deliver humanitarian assistance, such as the World Food Programme. “What started with a Proof-of-Concept in Pakistan in early January this year, has been transformed in a fully functional Blockchain pilot being rolled out in Jordan in May 2017.” The Bottom Line With great enthusiasm around Ethereum, its price has risen, too fast too soon, and thus the current rally may not be sustainable for too long. This is natural and thus investors must tread carefully at this stage. However, any correction in the near to medium term shouldn't undermine its potential. The rising awareness and confidence among the masses about cryptocurrencies coupled with the immense possibilities offered by Ethereum will eventually power its journey going forward. The future belongs to decentralization. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment Poll Oil prices have been volatile. How are you reacting? Buying energy stocks Selling energy stocks Buying related stocks in other sectors Riding it out Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. TOTAL RESPONSES:9872VOTES VIEW RESULTS << GO BACK TO VOTE VOTE NEXT POLL AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Investopedia Amazon Wins Thursday Night NFL Streaming Rights Investopedia How Retirement Savers Can Tactically Reallocate Post-Trump Investopedia Why BuzzFeed's IPO May Not Be Ready for Prime Time Investopedia Investopedia View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acceleron Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. (TYPE) Cut to Neutral at B. Riley Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Research Coverage Started at Robert W. Baird Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Acceleron Pharma’s (XLRN) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at JMP Securities Insider Buying: AuRico Metals Inc. (AMI) Director Acquires C$108,000.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Transocean LTD (RIG) SVP Sells $106,596.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) CFO Sells $88,900.00 in Stock Rewalk Robotics (RWLK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Stake Maintained by Investors Asset Management of Georgia Inc. GA ADV J Samuel Crowley Sells 2,119 Shares of United States Cellular Corp (USM) Stock Insider Buying: Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Director Buys $100,102.73 in Stock Shaw Communications (SJR) Receives News Impact Score of 0.12 Sangamo Therapeutics (SGMO) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.15 Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Boosts Stake in Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Boosts Position in Encana Corp (ECA) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Increases Stake in Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Sells 122,800 Shares of First Republic Bank (FRC) Cabot Oil & Gas Co.’s (COG) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Acceleron Pharma’s (XLRN) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at JMP Securities May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JMP Securities reissued their outperform rating on shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) in a research report report published on Monday. They currently have a $39.00 price target on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Several other brokerages also recently commented on XLRN. FBR & Co set a $63.00 target price on Acceleron Pharma and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Acceleron Pharma in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a neutral rating and a $33.00 target price on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and set a $46.00 target price on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Citigroup Inc upgraded Acceleron Pharma from a neutral rating to a buy rating and dropped their target price for the company from $40.00 to $36.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Instinet began coverage on Acceleron Pharma in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a buy rating and a $58.00 target price on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Acceleron Pharma currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $45.46. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) traded down 2.03% during trading on Monday, reaching $31.41. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 82,990 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $28.34 and its 200-day moving average is $28.71. The company’s market capitalization is $1.21 billion. Acceleron Pharma has a 1-year low of $23.07 and a 1-year high of $41.69. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.51) EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.55) by $0.04. The business had revenue of $3.37 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.74 million. Acceleron Pharma had a negative return on equity of 30.75% and a negative net margin of 229.77%. The company’s revenue was down 11.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted ($0.81) EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Acceleron Pharma will post ($2.26) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/acceleron-pharmas-xlrn-outperform-rating-reiterated-at-jmp-securities.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 23.4% in the first quarter. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. now owns 648,533 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $17,167,000 after buying an additional 122,884 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 106.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 79,462 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,104,000 after buying an additional 40,910 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 88.9% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 27,850 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $737,000 after buying an additional 13,108 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 10.5% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 22,737 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $602,000 after buying an additional 2,168 shares during the period. Finally, Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 20.5% in the first quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 182,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $4,818,000 after buying an additional 31,000 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 82.57% of the company’s stock. Acceleron Pharma Company Profile Acceleron Pharma Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Its research focuses on key natural regulators of cellular growth and repair, particularly the Transforming Growth Factor-Beta (TGF-beta), protein superfamily. Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video City of London's Brexit job losses limited to 'low thousands': new policy ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu May 4, 2017 | 9:54pm IST City of London's Brexit job losses limited to 'low thousands': new policy chief Workers walk to work during the morning rush hour in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London, Britain, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh By Huw Jones and Andrew MacAskill | LONDON LONDON A shift in banking jobs from Britain to continental Europe because of Brexit is likely be in the "low thousands", the City of London's new policy chief said on Thursday - and warned that a "turbulent" few months lay ahead. Catherine McGuinness, 58, was elected on Thursday as the chairman of the City of London's policy and resources committee, making her the political face of the ancient "Square Mile" financial district. A trained financial lawyer and veteran of many financial institutions, she served as deputy chairman of the committee, she said London would remain the world's top financial center. This week Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) were the latest to ensure they can continue to service its continental customers after Brexit in 2019. "All the signals that we are seeing is that people are just making plans for the minimum necessary to ensure continuity. We are not seeing a great move in the signals," McGuinness told Reuters. "The signals that we are seeing would be in the low thousands. Indeed at the moment, just a couple of thousand." Britain's finance minister, Philip Hammond, warned on Thursday that attempts by the EU to make a grab for the clearing of euro-denominated securities, an activity London dominates, could disrupt growth and weaken financial stability. It was the latest in a battle of words between London and Brussels as formal "Article 50" EU divorce proceedings get underway. "I think one would expect the next few months to be slightly turbulent as people enter into the spirit of the negotiations. For us it will be a question of carrying on with business as normal, in the background." McGuinness said the financial sector's priority is to get as much access as possible to the European market, with a system of "mutual recognition" - whereby the EU and Britain accept each other's systems of regulation - probably the best solution. "Mutual recognition is a work in progress. There are elements within our recommendations that need further work and development." There is no guarantee the EU would agree to such a system, which has never been done before in financial services on the scale envisaged by the City. McGuinness said although ensuring there is a so-called transitional arrangement to stagger Britain's departure is a priority an announcement of any deal is likely months away because of European elections in France and Germany. "The earlier, the better ... But I have every confidence that it is in everyone's interest to have some sort of clarity before the Article 50 period runs out." (Reporting by Huw Jones, editing by David Evans) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News U.S. Senate passes bill to fund government through September WASHINGTON The U.S. Senate on Thursday gave final legislative approval to a $1.2 trillion spending bill to keep the government open through September, a measure President Donald Trump is expected to sign before Friday's deadline. ChemChina clinches $43 billion takeover of Syngenta ZURICH ChemChina [CNCC.UL] has won more than enough support from Syngenta shareholders to clinch its $43 billion takeover of the Swiss pesticides and seeds group, the two companies said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick President gives nod to ordinance on banks' non-performing assets - reports Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Emerge Energy Services LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Newell Brands Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (NWL) Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (FDP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research China Mobile Ltd. (CHL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Peugeot SA (PUGOY) to Sell Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research National Instruments Corp (NATI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Mercury Systems (MRCY) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Analysts Expect Monroe Capital Corp (MRCC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.43 Million Brent Bergeron Sells 7,900 Shares of Goldcorp Inc. (G) Stock RAIT Financial Trust Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.09 (RAS) Timothy E. Pendley Sells 2,500 Shares of AZZ Inc (AZZ) Stock Lawrence Odell Sells 25,000 Shares of First Bancorp (FBP) Stock Insider Selling: Xperi Co. (XPER) Director Sells $167,832.84 in Stock Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Major Shareholder Sells $146,880.00 in Stock Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Emerge Energy Services LP (NYSE:EMES) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report published on Monday. According to Zacks, “Emerge Energy Services LP is engaged in owning, operation, acquisition and development of energy service assets primarily in the United States. It operates in two business segments: sand and fuel processing and distribution. Emerge Energy Services LP is based in Southlake, Texas. “ A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on EMES. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Emerge Energy Services from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on shares of Emerge Energy Services to $17.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Wunderlich increased their price target on shares of Emerge Energy Services from $20.00 to $30.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Emerge Energy Services has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $19.50. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) traded down 7.595% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $10.913. 583,425 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $13.08 and a 200 day moving average price of $14.13. The firm’s market capitalization is $328.16 million. Emerge Energy Services has a one year low of $3.00 and a one year high of $24.45. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The oil and gas company reported ($0.38) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.34) by $0.04. The firm earned $75.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $71.75 million. Emerge Energy Services had a negative net margin of 28.61% and a negative return on equity of 255.24%. The business’s revenue was up 153.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned ($1.43) earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Emerge Energy Services will post ($0.04) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/emerge-energy-services-lp-emes-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Emerge Energy Services by 33.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 449,069 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $5,856,000 after buying an additional 111,345 shares during the period. Castleark Management LLC increased its stake in Emerge Energy Services by 73.3% in the fourth quarter. Castleark Management LLC now owns 313,480 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $3,859,000 after buying an additional 132,550 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. increased its stake in Emerge Energy Services by 4.4% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 66,894 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $926,000 after buying an additional 2,804 shares during the period. RR Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth about $693,000. Finally, GLG Partners LP acquired a new stake in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth about $286,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 25.04% of the company’s stock. About Emerge Energy Services Emerge Energy Services LP owns, operates, acquires and develops a portfolio of energy service assets. The Company operates through Sand segment. The Company conducts its Sand operations through its subsidiary, Superior Silica Sands LLC (SSS). The Company’s Sand business mines, processes and distributes silica sand, an input for the hydraulic fracturing of oil and gas wells. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Emerge Energy Services (EMES) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News China Mobile Ltd. (CHL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Peugeot SA (PUGOY) to Sell Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research National Instruments Corp (NATI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Mercury Systems (MRCY) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Analysts Expect Monroe Capital Corp (MRCC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.43 Million Brent Bergeron Sells 7,900 Shares of Goldcorp Inc. (G) Stock RAIT Financial Trust Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.09 (RAS) Timothy E. Pendley Sells 2,500 Shares of AZZ Inc (AZZ) Stock Lawrence Odell Sells 25,000 Shares of First Bancorp (FBP) Stock Insider Selling: Xperi Co. (XPER) Director Sells $167,832.84 in Stock Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Major Shareholder Sells $146,880.00 in Stock $320.98 Million in Sales Expected for Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) This Quarter Ron Coughlin Sells 10,000 Shares of HP Inc (HPQ) Stock Zacks: Analysts Anticipate General Electric Company (GE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $29.17 Billion Mercury Systems (MRCY) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Mercury Systems (NASDAQ: MRCY) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 4/29/2017 – Mercury Systems had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $39.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $30.00. 4/27/2017 – Mercury Systems had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Noble Financial. 4/20/2017 – Mercury Systems had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Noble Financial. 4/15/2017 – Mercury Systems was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Mercury Systems, Inc. is a commercial provider of secure sensor and mission processing subsystems for defense and intelligence programs. The Company’s products and solutions are deployed in more than 300 programs with over 25 different defense prime contractors. “ 4/13/2017 – Mercury Systems was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $44.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Mercury Systems, Inc. is a commercial provider of secure sensor and mission processing subsystems for defense and intelligence programs. The Company’s products and solutions are deployed in more than 300 programs with over 25 different defense prime contractors. “ 3/27/2017 – Mercury Systems had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Mercury Systems had its price target raised by analysts at Citigroup Inc to $48.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Mercury Systems is now covered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They set an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded up 0.31% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $39.46. 100,253 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Mercury Systems Inc has a 52-week low of $19.78 and a 52-week high of $40.86. The company has a market cap of $1.73 billion, a PE ratio of 68.15 and a beta of 0.50. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $38.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $33.57. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.02. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The firm earned $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.54 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.25 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 62.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Mercury Systems Inc will post $1.10 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other Mercury Systems news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.80, for a total transaction of $362,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 586,249 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,160,212.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Michael A. Daniels purchased 2,683 shares of Mercury Systems stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $37.31 per share, with a total value of $100,102.73. Following the transaction, the director now owns 60,096 shares in the company, valued at $2,242,181.76. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 28,800 shares of company stock valued at $1,091,904. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News China Mobile Ltd. (CHL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Peugeot SA (PUGOY) to Sell Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research National Instruments Corp (NATI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Mercury Systems (MRCY) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Analysts Expect Monroe Capital Corp (MRCC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.43 Million Brent Bergeron Sells 7,900 Shares of Goldcorp Inc. (G) Stock RAIT Financial Trust Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.09 (RAS) Timothy E. Pendley Sells 2,500 Shares of AZZ Inc (AZZ) Stock Lawrence Odell Sells 25,000 Shares of First Bancorp (FBP) Stock Insider Selling: Xperi Co. (XPER) Director Sells $167,832.84 in Stock Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Major Shareholder Sells $146,880.00 in Stock $320.98 Million in Sales Expected for Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) This Quarter Ron Coughlin Sells 10,000 Shares of HP Inc (HPQ) Stock Zacks: Analysts Anticipate General Electric Company (GE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $29.17 Billion Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. The firm presently has a $13.00 price target on the medical equipment provider’s stock. Zacks Investment Research’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 15.04% from the stock’s current price. According to Zacks, “NovoCure Limited is an oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called Tumor Treating Fields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. It operates primarily in the United States, Germany, Switzerland and Japan. NovoCure Limited is based in Saint Helier, Channel Islands. “ A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on NVCR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on shares of Novocure from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. JMP Securities reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Aegis reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $16.43. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 1.33% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $11.45. 79,248 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $9.71 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.13. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.01 billion. Novocure has a one year low of $5.95 and a one year high of $14.30. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.25) by $0.04. The business had revenue of $34.88 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $39.46 million. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. Equities analysts anticipate that Novocure will post ($0.90) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/novocure-ltd-nvcr-rating-increased-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Novocure news, CTO Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.43, for a total transaction of $41,720.00. Following the sale, the chief technology officer now directly owns 143,825 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,500,094.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Gert L. Perlhagen bought 125,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were bought at an average price of $6.93 per share, for a total transaction of $866,250.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 6,125,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $42,446,250. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 68,000 shares of company stock worth $747,280 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 33.90% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Novocure by 1.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 173,523 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $1,406,000 after buying an additional 2,480 shares during the period. Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of Novocure by 32.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 16,857 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 4,100 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Novocure by 7.4% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 1,210,934 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $10,051,000 after buying an additional 83,448 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Novocure by 18.4% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 98,087 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $770,000 after buying an additional 15,218 shares during the period. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Novocure by 21.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 95,674 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $751,000 after buying an additional 16,741 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 21.98% of the company’s stock. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TerraForm Power Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TerraForm Power Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Two Rivers Bancorp (TRCB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Market Perform” Rating for Centurylink Inc (CTL) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades TerraForm Power Inc (TERP) to Strong Sell Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) to Buy Zacks: Brokerages Expect Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $104.31 Million $154.41 Million in Sales Expected for Elevate Credit Inc (ELVT) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $210.25 Million Edgardo Baracchini, Jr. Sells 10,568 Shares of Xencor Inc (XNCR) Stock Brokerages Anticipate KLX Inc (KLXI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $409.95 Million Banc of California Inc (BANC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS NOW Inc (DNOW) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS American International Group Inc (AIG) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.25 EPS NBT Bank N A NY Lowers Stake in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Putnam Municipal Opportunities Trust (PMO) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Stake Decreased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Sells 19,880 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Groupon Inc (GRPN) Shares Bought by First Quadrant L P CA Zacks Investment Research Downgrades TerraForm Power Inc (TERP) to Strong Sell May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TerraForm Power Inc (NASDAQ:TERP) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “TerraForm Power, Inc. is global renewable energy company. It operates clean power generation assets such as solar, wind, natural gas, geothermal and hydro-electricity. The Company owns and operates solar generation assets serving utility, commercial, and residential customers. TerraForm Power, Inc. is based in Beltsville, Maryland. “ A number of other brokerages have also commented on TERP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on TerraForm Power in a research note on Friday, January 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $13.00 price target for the company. Avondale Partners raised TerraForm Power from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $13.40. Shares of TerraForm Power (NASDAQ:TERP) traded up 0.40% on Tuesday, hitting $12.47. 46,680 shares of the stock were exchanged. TerraForm Power has a 52-week low of $7.23 and a 52-week high of $14.69. The company has a 50 day moving average of $12.41 and a 200 day moving average of $12.44. The company’s market cap is $1.55 billion. TerraForm Power (NASDAQ:TERP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The solar energy provider reported ($0.23) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.45) by $0.22. The firm earned $187.30 million during the quarter. TerraForm Power had a negative return on equity of 1.89% and a negative net margin of 13.10%. Equities research analysts forecast that TerraForm Power will post ($0.66) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Downgrades TerraForm Power Inc (TERP) to Strong Sell” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-terraform-power-inc-terp-to-strong-sell.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Empyrean Capital Partners LP purchased a new position in shares of TerraForm Power during the third quarter valued at about $13,555,000. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS bought a new position in TerraForm Power during the fourth quarter worth $12,317,000. Rubric Capital Management LP bought a new position in TerraForm Power during the first quarter worth $5,009,000. Angelo Gordon & CO. L.P. boosted its position in TerraForm Power by 22.6% in the fourth quarter. Angelo Gordon & CO. L.P. now owns 1,791,018 shares of the solar energy provider’s stock worth $22,943,000 after buying an additional 329,567 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nokota Management LP boosted its position in TerraForm Power by 95.2% in the fourth quarter. Nokota Management LP now owns 548,135 shares of the solar energy provider’s stock worth $7,022,000 after buying an additional 267,337 shares during the last quarter. 89.35% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About TerraForm Power TerraForm Power, Inc is a United States-based holding company. The Company owns clean power generation assets. This includes solar and wind assets located in the United States, Canada and other markets. Its clean power generation assets serve utility, commercial and residential customers. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s portfolio consisted of renewable energy facilities located in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Chile with a combined nameplate capacity of 2,983.1 megawatts. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on TerraForm Power (TERP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for TerraForm Power Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TerraForm Power Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/valeant-when-earnings-are-almost-an-afterthought-1493906266 Stocks to Watch Valeant: When Earnings are Almost an Afterthought With Valeant Pharmaceuticals scheduled to report earnings next week, analysts point to the possible updates that could really move the stock. By Ben Levisohn May 4, 2017 9:57 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX) is set to release its earnings on May 9, but earnings might be the last thing investors are worried about. That's been the takeaway from recent analyst reports previewing Valeant's earnings, including notes from JPMorgan and Wells Fargo, which remains bearish on Valeant's shares. And today, RBC's Douglas Miehm and Joel Hurren, who have a Sector Perform rating on the beaten-down specialty pharmaceutical company, add their voice to the choir: Valeant will report Q1/17 results before market open on May 9th. We anticipate $2.20B in revenues, $877MM in Adj. EBITDA, and $0.83 in Adj. EPS. We believe that the focus of VRX’s Q1/17 release and conference call will be on debt repayment, asset sales (update on Dendreon timeline, pending iNova divestiture), and potential rebranding... We believe updates on the following will be of particular importance to investors: (i) status of asset sales (Dendreon and iNova); (ii) debt repayment; (iii) Xifaxan outlook update; (iv) Siliq launch plans; (v) commentary on any ongoing investigations; and (vi) potential rebranding (we believe VRX could benefit from rebranding—e.g., B&L). Shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International have gained 1.5% to $9.95 at 9:54 a.m. today. Text Size Regular Medium Large Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Tesla: Starting to Crack? NEXT UPDATE: Cliffs Natural Resources' CEO is Buying Shares. Should You? Most Popular Tesla’s New Truck: Don’t Laugh, Says Analyst Is the 8-Year-Old Bull Market Near Its End? Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
BREAKING NEWS: Oil sales remain optimistic … Rabi season sees high urea off-take … Can we run with the bulls? … Pak-Iran trade … There is no representation of exporters on any forum to discuss industry issues, argues President Sialkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry … Tennis: Chung too good for me says beaten Monfils … ECB ready to study own money market index as Euribor revamp fails … Brazilian currency, stocks down on political concerns … Trump, Colombia's Santos to meet May 18 at White House … Earnings, data, politics push buoyant European shares higher … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Americas » Wall St set to open higher as Fed downplays economic weakness Americas Wall St set to open higher as Fed downplays economic weakness Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui May 4th, 2017 19:27 0 NEW YORK: Wall Street was set to open higher on Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and expressed confidence in the strength of the economy. In a bullish statement, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target. Futures traders are now pricing in a 72 percent chance of rate hike in June, up from 63 percent before the Fed issued its statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. Shares of banks, that benefit in a rising rate environment, were higher in premarket trading. Bank of America, JPMorgan and Citigroup were up about 0.5 percent. Sentiment also got a boost from signs that centrist Emmanuel Macron was heading for victory in France's presidential election and another round of strong earnings reports from US companies. "Strong earnings have been a continuing theme for a while even with the moderate economic growth, and we're also seeing the global economy pick up, so that's all adding to the positive mood," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Data on Thursday showed new applications for jobless benefits fell more than expected last week. Another report showed US trade deficit improved slightly in March amid broad declines in both imports and exports. "The Fed wrote off the first quarter as being a temporary slowdown and I don't think that's really any surprise as the focus really should be on the jobs report," said Brown, referring to the April US non-farm payrolls data due Friday. Dow e-minis were up 51 points, or 0.24 percent, with 17,818 contracts changing hands at 8:35 a.m. ET (1235 GMT). S&P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.26 percent, with 106,841 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 18.5 points, or 0.33 percent, on volume of 21,796 contracts. Earnings of S&P 500 companies have generally come in above expectations, pushing the benchmark index to within one percent of its all-time high. First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Facebook reported surging quarterly profit and revenue, but its shares fell 0.8 percent to $150.60 as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. Tesla was down nearly 2 percent to $305 after the electric-car maker posted a bigger-than-expected loss. Dunkin' Brands fell 1.5 percent to $55.50 after it said sales at Dunkin' Donuts US stores were flat. AIG was up 1.1 percent at $62.22 after the insurer reported a better-than-expected operating profit.         Copyright Reuters, 2017    Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous German Special Representative meets Nasser Next Spanish court orders Barca's Neymar to stand trial for fraud Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corp Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms  Hold Rating for Galliford Try plc (GFRD) N+1 Singer Reaffirms ” Hold” Rating for James Fisher & Sons plc (FSJ) Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Lifted to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. James F. Laird, Jr. Sells 2,000 Shares of Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. (DHIL) Stock John Mcmanus Sells 14,942 Shares of MGM Resorts International (MGM) Stock Insider Selling: BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) CEO Sells $478,600.00 in Stock Towerview Llc Sells 9,534 Shares of Saga Communications, Inc. (SGA) Stock First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (FR) Insider Sells $507,240.00 in Stock Zacks: Brokerages Expect Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Will Post Earnings of $1.02 Per Share Deutsche Bank AG Downgrades Cna Financial Corp (CNA) to Hold Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at Cowen and Company DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Stock Rating Upgraded by KeyCorp Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Nomura C J Energy Services Inc (CJ) Now Covered by Morgan Stanley Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Hold Rating for Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SNSS) Pieris Pharmaceuticals (PIRS) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows PLDT (PHI) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Just Energy Group (JE) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corp May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) was downgraded by equities research analysts at Bank of America Corp from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $58.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of MEDNAX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird cut shares of MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have given a hold rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $68.29. Shares of MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded down 7.08% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $56.15. 582,151 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.09 and a beta of 0.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $66.48 and its 200 day moving average price is $66.92. MEDNAX has a 1-year low of $54.11 and a 1-year high of $76.96. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.75 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.01. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The company earned $835.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $837.01 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.87 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 11.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that MEDNAX will post $4.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corp” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/mednax-inc-md-rating-lowered-to-underperform-at-bank-of-america-corp.html. In other news, SVP Dominic J. Andreano sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.59, for a total value of $417,540.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 30,746 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,139,614.14. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Md Pascal J. Goldschmidt sold 25,294 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.82, for a total transaction of $1,715,439.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 14,173 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $961,212.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 86,296 shares of company stock valued at $5,959,391. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 12.2% in the first quarter. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. now owns 35,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,484,000 after buying an additional 3,900 shares during the last quarter. Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 2.5% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 169,215 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,324,000 after buying an additional 4,182 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 2.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,214,973 shares of the company’s stock valued at $84,297,000 after buying an additional 23,977 shares during the last quarter. HPM Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of MEDNAX during the first quarter valued at about $813,000. Finally, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 8.7% in the first quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 2,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 99.16% of the company’s stock. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,389.52 +1.39 (+0.06%) Dow 30 20,951.47 -6.43 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 6,075.34 +2.79 (+0.05%) Mark your calendar Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting LIVE on Yahoo Finance • May 6, starting at 10 a.m. ET Shell Pumps a Torrent of Cash as Takeover, Cost Cuts Pay Off Rakteem Katakey Bloomberg May 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A tab seal cap sits on the top of an oil drum containing lubricant oil at the Royal Dutch Shell Plc lubricants blending plant in Torzhok, Russia, on Tuesday, March 1, 2016. Royal Dutch Shell Plc has surpassed Chevron Corp. as the world's second-biggest non-state oil company after completing the acquisition of BG Group Plc. Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/BloombergMore Royal Dutch Shell Plc showed it has adapted to a world of lower oil prices, generating a surge in cash flow that allowed it to pay dividends while reducing debt. The Anglo-Dutch company’s performance helps validate Chief Executive Officer Ben Van Beurden’s $54 billion purchase of BG Group Plc -- for which some shareholders complained he overpaid -- and the deep spending cuts and asset sales he undertook to protect the balance sheet. “With new projects starting and higher-cost assets being sold, you’d expect cash generation to only increase,” said Iain Armstrong, an analyst at Brewin Dolphin Ltd., which owns Shell shares. “It’s becoming a cash-generating machine.” More from Bloomberg.com: Provocateur-in-Chief Trump Pokes His Own Party’s Power Centers Cash flow from operations surged more than tenfold to $9.51 billion in the first quarter, Shell said in a statement . After taking out the cost of investments, free cash flow of $5.18 billion covered the cash portion of the company’s dividend for a third consecutive quarter. That’s a big change from the depths of the oil-price slump a year earlier, when Shell was borrowing money to cover shareholder payouts. Net debt fell for a second consecutive quarter to $72.03 billion. More from Bloomberg.com: JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Shell is the latest in a string of major oil companies to report better-than-expected results with strong cash flow, suggesting the industry is learning to live with $50-a-barrel oil. Beating Expectations Profit adjusted for one-time items and inventory changes more than doubled to $3.75 billion from $1.55 billion a year earlier, the company said, surpassing the $3.01 billion average analysts’ estimate. Profit in Shell’s upstream, or exploration and production business, totaled $540 million in the first quarter, compared with a loss a year earlier. The downstream division, which includes refining and marketing, posted income of $2.49 billion, an increase of 24 percent. More from Bloomberg.com: Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The rest of the world’s biggest non-state oil producers, known as the supermajors, have also reported first-quarter earnings that surpassed analyst estimates, finally starting to benefit from the deep cost cuts, project cancellations and job losses that followed oil’s collapse. Shell’s B shares, the most widely traded, rose as much as 3 percent to 2,121.5 pence as of 8:01 a.m. in London trading. Brent crude, the benchmark used to price more than half the world’s oil, averaged $54.61 a barrel in the first quarter, 55 percent more than a year earlier and the highest in more than two years. Shell piled up borrowings following the BG Group deal and has set a $30 billion asset-sale target for the three years to 2018. It’s about two-thirds of the way there following divestments in Canada , Gabon and the U.K. North Sea . It’s also planning to sell fuel stations and a refinery in Argentina. More from Bloomberg.com GOP Sets Health Bill Vote Thursday Amid Doubts About Count The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Read Shell Pumps a Torrent of Cash as Takeover, Cost Cuts Pay Off on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Oil price tumbles on fears of oversupply BBC News Oil just dropped to a 5-month low below $46 and analysts say it could go much further CNBC ConocoPhillips to lay off 300 in Canada oil sands pullback Reuters Wall Street on Pause After GOP Scores Narrow Victory With Health Care Vote The Street Oil prices continue slide; WTI nearing six-month low as supply glut weighs Reuters Japan's huge sex problem just hit a 67-year low Business Insider Why the Retail Crisis Could Be Coming to American Groceries Bloomberg The new Trumpcare bill is a self-made trap Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Friday, May 5 Yahoo Finance Video US jobs and French elections Yahoo Finance The Samsung Galaxy S8: Unboxed David Pogue There's $2.4 trillion dollars stashed overseas — here are the companies hoarding the most cash outside America Business Insider A powerful Trump cabinet member is proving a point economists have been trying to make for years Business Insider The Pogue Review: Trint transcription Yahoo Finance Video How Trump can fix the most persistent problem in the U.S. economy Yahoo Finance House Oversight chair suggests Congress could go after Obama's pension over $400,000 speech Business Insider Is Ivanka Trump's Viral Dance Video Just a PR Stunt? Bluejackets: Yahoo's hatred for the Trumps has gone from pathetic to disgusting. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street ends flat as health bill passes; energy slammed Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Fri May 5, 2017 | 6:45am IST Wall Street ends flat as health bill passes; energy slammed By Lewis Krauskopf Wall Street ended flat on Thursday as a steep fall for the energy sector countered some solid earnings reports, with major stock indexes closing little changed after the U.S. House of Representatives passed a healthcare overhaul. The House on Thursday afternoon narrowly voted to repeal major portions of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, and replace it with a Republican healthcare plan, sending it to the Senate for consideration. The bill's passage comes after House Republicans pulled healthcare legislation earlier this year in a setback, raising questions among investors about President Donald Trump's ability to enact his agenda. The benchmark S&P 500 has gained 11.7 percent since Trump's election, fueled by his plans for tax cuts, infrastructure spending and deregulation. "The real risk in the near term to the so-called Trump rally was a failure to pass it," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey. "I don’t know if this market is really that focused on healthcare as the big issue," Meckler said. "I think they’re really focused on the tax plan. If they couldn’t pass the healthcare, it would bode very poorly for the tax plan." The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 6.43 points, or 0.03 percent, to 20,951.47, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 1.39 points, or 0.06 percent, to 2,389.52 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 2.79 points, or 0.05 percent, to 6,075.34. The energy sector .SPNY dropped 1.9 percent, easily the worst performing group. Exxon Mobil's (XOM.N) 1.3-percent decline and Chevron's (CVX.N) 1.8-percent drop weighed on the S&P. Oil prices tumbled about 5 percent on signs that OPEC and other producing countries would not take more drastic steps to reduce the world's stubbornly persistent glut of crude. Investors also were digesting the Federal Reserve's statement on Wednesday. The central bank left rates unchanged but downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth while emphasizing the strong labor market, in a sign it was still on track for two more rate rises this year. Focus was turning to Friday's U.S. employment report as the next gauge of the economy and labor market. Data on Thursday showed new applications for U.S. jobless benefits fell sharply last week and the number of Americans on unemployment rolls hit a 17-year low. "It’s going to be particularly important to see if we get the expected rebound in job gains," given that the Fed discounted the first quarter growth weakness because of a projected recovery, said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments in Atlanta. "Now the market is going to be watching very carefully to see whether or not they get that confirming data that would mean we will get a June rate increase," Gayle said. In corporate news, Tesla (TSLA.O) fell 5 percent after the electric automaker's quarterly net loss widened. In the healthcare sector, Regeneron (REGN.O) rose 6.7 percent and Zoetis (ZTS.N) rose 5.9 percent after their respective results. Earnings season has come in generally above expectations, encouraging investors. First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.8 percent, the strongest since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.79-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.17-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 49 new 52-week highs and 13 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 104 new highs and 77 new lows. About 7.8 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well above the 6.6 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Herb Lash and Sinead Carew in New York and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News President gives nod to ordinance on banks' non-performing assets - reports MUMBAI President Pranab Mukherjee has given his nod to the ordinance dealing with the banking sector's non-performing loans and the amendment to the Banking Act, television channels reported on Friday. Japan, China, S.Korea pledge to resist protectionism YOKOHAMA, Japan Finance leaders of Japan, China and South Korea agreed to resist all forms of protectionism in a trilateral meeting on Friday, taking a stronger stand than G20 major economies against the protectionist policies advocated by U.S. President Donald Trump. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick President gives nod to ordinance on banks' non-performing assets - reports Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PGGM Investments Lowers Stake in Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Maxim Group Analysts Give AEterna Zentaris Inc. (AEZS) a $2.00 Price Target Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Coverage Initiated at Barclays PLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc. (AAWW) to Sell Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc (CNCE) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Raises Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.43 EPS Park Electrochemical Corp. (PKE) Given News Sentiment Rating of -0.31 Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Templeton Dragon Fund (TDF) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) Price Target Raised to $96.00 American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Highpower International (HPJ) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31 Gulf Resources (GURE) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.24 Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Insider Sells $945,750.00 in Stock Robert J. Ott Sells 12,400 Shares of TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Stock Harri U. Kulovaara Sells 7,527 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Stock Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Insider Sells $895,300.00 in Stock Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €180.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) has been given a €180.00 ($195.65) price target by analysts at S&P Global in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Commerzbank Ag set a €200.00 ($217.39) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €165.00 ($179.35) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €199.00 ($216.30) price target on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Societe Generale set a €155.00 ($168.48) price target on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €159.00 ($172.83) price target on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. Allianz SE has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €176.30 ($191.64). Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 172.557 on Thursday. Allianz SE has a 52 week low of €118.40 and a 52 week high of €177.77. The company has a market cap of €78.53 billion and a P/E ratio of 11.505. The company has a 50-day moving average of €171.97 and a 200-day moving average of €159.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/allianz-se-alv-given-a-180-00-price-target-by-sp-global-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Weir Group Plc (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weir Group Plc (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John Hancock Preferred Income Fund III to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.12 (HPS) Eaton Vance Ohio Municipal Income Trust (EVO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05 on May 18th American Express Company’s (AXP) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Barnes Group Inc. (B) Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Facebook Inc (FB) Given Outperform Rating at Macquarie Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research First Manhattan Co. Has $771,000 Stake in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) First Manhattan Co. Buys 450 Shares of Rayonier Inc. (RYN) Stryker Co. (SYK) Shares Bought by Sigma Planning Corp Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.80 EPS Corecivic Inc (CXW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Metlife Inc (MET) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.13 EPS Analysts Anticipate Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $809.32 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Will Announce Earnings of $1.03 Per Share Robert W. Baird Raises Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Price Target to $136.00 Under Armour Inc (UA) Receives Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Receives Hold Rating from Cowen and Company Zions Bancorp (ZION) Raised to “Buy” at Deutsche Bank AG Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Weir Group Plc (The) (NASDAQ:WEGRY) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a $15.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 22.85% from the company’s current price. According to Zacks, “The Weir Group PLC provides engineering solutions. The company’s operating segment consists of Minerals, Oil & Gas and Flow Control. Oil & Gas segment provides products and service solutions to upstream, production, transportation, refining and related industries. Flow Control segment designs and manufactures valves and pumps. Minerals segment offers provision of slurry handling equipment and associated aftermarket support. It also provides specialist support services to the global power generation, industrial and oil and gas sectors. The Weir Group PLC is headquartered in Glasgow, the United Kingdom. “ Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Weir Group Plc (The) from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Barclays PLC upgraded Weir Group Plc (The) from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Weir Group Plc (The) has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $15.00. Weir Group Plc (NASDAQ:WEGRY) opened at 12.21 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $5.32 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 108.05. Weir Group Plc has a 52-week low of $7.89 and a 52-week high of $13.39. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/weir-group-plc-the-wegry-stock-rating-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Weir Group Plc (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weir Group Plc (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as Fed downplays economic weakness US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as Fed downplays economic weakness Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 04, 2017 18:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Traders raise odds of an interest rate hike in June * Facebook falls on worries over future growth * Tesla drops after reporting bigger-than-expected loss * Weekly jobless claims fall more than expected * Futures up: Dow 51 pts, S&P 6.25 pts, Nasdaq 18.5 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices) By Tanya Agrawal May 4 (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and expressed confidence in the strength of the economy. In a bullish statement, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target. Futures traders are now pricing in a 72 percent chance of rate hike in June, up from 63 percent before the Fed issued its statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. Shares of banks, that benefit in a rising rate environment, were higher in premarket trading. Bank of America, JPMorgan and Citigroup were up about 0.5 percent. Sentiment also got a boost from signs that centrist Emmanuel Macron was heading for victory in France's presidential election and another round of strong earnings reports from U.S. companies. "Strong earnings have been a continuing theme for a while even with the moderate economic growth, and we're also seeing the global economy pick up, so that's all adding to the positive mood," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Data on Thursday showed new applications for jobless benefits fell more than expected last week. Another report showed U.S. trade deficit improved slightly in March amid broad declines in both imports and exports. "The Fed wrote off the first quarter as being a temporary slowdown and I don't think that's really any surprise as the focus really should be on the jobs report," said Brown, referring to the April U.S. non-farm payrolls data due Friday. Dow e-minis were up 51 points, or 0.24 percent, with 17,818 contracts changing hands at 8:35 a.m. ET (1235 GMT). S&P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.26 percent, with 106,841 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 18.5 points, or 0.33 percent, on volume of 21,796 contracts. Earnings of S&P 500 companies have generally come in above expectations, pushing the benchmark index to within one percent of its all-time high. First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Facebook reported surging quarterly profit and revenue, but its shares fell 0.8 percent to $150.60 as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. Tesla was down nearly 2 percent to $305 after the electric-car maker posted a bigger-than-expected loss. Dunkin' Brands fell 1.5 percent to $55.50 after it said sales at Dunkin' Donuts U.S. stores were flat. AIG was up 1.1 percent at $62.22 after the insurer reported a better-than-expected operating profit. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28160.00 (-1.16%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27900.00 (-1.06%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28020.00 (-1.23%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27300.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27150.00 (-0.91%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27580.00 (-1.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Gothamist is a website about New York View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Debit Card Cracking Ring Allegedly Used Social Media To Target Young Adults by Rebecca Fishbein in News on May 4, 2017 9:07 am Courtesy Ryan Muir's flickr The Manhattan District Attorney's office announced on Wednesday the indictments of 39 individuals accused of operating a "debit card cracking" ring between January 2013 and April 2017. The defendants, most of whom operated out of Staten Island, allegedly used social media sites to get "young people" to participate in the scam, which prosecutors say resulted in up to $2.5 million in fraud. According to the DA's office, the individuals charged are predominantly in their 20s but range in age from 18 to 31. They are accused of using social media sites to recruit people to open bank accounts into which scammers could deposit fake checks. Account holders would then withdraw money using their debit cards before the banks, which included Bank of America, Capital One, Citibank, JP Morgan Chase, Santander, TD Bank, and Wells Fargo, noticed the checks were fake. "These defendants are accused of luring young people on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat to join a ‘debit card cracking’ scheme which netted more than a million dollars in cash,” District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr., said in a statement. Vance noted that scammers advertised the scheme as easy money, tricking unsuspecting youths. "Kids on social media who see posts like these—staged in hot tubs, sports cars, or among piles of cash—should know that debit card cracking is illegal, and is on law enforcement’s radar," Vance said. "You will not get to keep the money, and you could end up in jail." The indictment identified six ringleaders: Oluwarotimi Oredugba, 22; Nathaniel Williams, 23; Joshua Best, 22; Jubrim Johnson, 20; Davar Valentine, 23, and Dennis Reynolds, 22. Other named individuals include employees of check-cashing locations that stole real bank account information, defendants who created counterfeit checks, and "recruiters" who got young people to open fake bank accounts using their real information. Suspects who opened the bank accounts were also charged. Charges include Enterprise Corruption, Grand Larceny in the Second and Third Degrees, Scheme to Defraud in the First Degree, Conspiracy in the Fourth Degree, and Possession of a Forged Instrument in the Second Degree. Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print DA's office debit card manhattan scam social media Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Gothamist Films best of gothamist The 8 Best Arcades In NYC The Best Rooftop Bars In NYC The 12 Best Hot Dogs In NYC The 6 Best Skateparks In And Around NYC The 11 Best Shakshukas In NYC   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Academy US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher as Fed downplays economic weakness Shares1 Thu, 4 May 2017-06:37pm , Reuters Wall Street was set to open higher on Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and expressed confidence in the strength of the economy. In a bullish statement, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target. Futures traders are now pricing in a 72 percent chance of rate hike in June, up from 63 percent before the Fed issued its statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. Shares of banks, that benefit in a rising rate environment, were higher in premarket trading. Bank of America, JPMorgan and Citigroup were up about 0.5 percent. Sentiment also got a boost from signs that centrist Emmanuel Macron was heading for victory in France's presidential election and another round of strong earnings reports from U.S. companies. "Strong earnings have been a continuing theme for a while even with the moderate economic growth, and we're also seeing the global economy pick up, so that's all adding to the positive mood," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Data on Thursday showed new applications for jobless benefits fell more than expected last week. Another report showed U.S. trade deficit improved slightly in March amid broad declines in both imports and exports. "The Fed wrote off the first quarter as being a temporary slowdown and I don't think that's really any surprise as the focus really should be on the jobs report," said Brown, referring to the April U.S. non-farm payrolls data due Friday. Dow e-minis were up 51 points, or 0.24 percent, with 17,818 contracts changing hands at 8:35 a.m. ET (1235 GMT). S&P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.26 percent, with 106,841 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 18.5 points, or 0.33 percent, on volume of 21,796 contracts. Earnings of S&P 500 companies have generally come in above expectations, pushing the benchmark index to within one percent of its all-time high. First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Facebook reported surging quarterly profit and revenue, but its shares fell 0.8 percent to $150.60 as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. Tesla was down nearly 2 percent to $305 after the electric-car maker posted a bigger-than-expected loss. Dunkin' Brands fell 1.5 percent to $55.50 after it said sales at Dunkin' Donuts U.S. stores were flat. AIG was up 1.1 percent at $62.22 after the insurer reported a better-than-expected operating profit. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Academy AP SSC Result 2017: Check bse.ap.gov.in, bseap.org for BSEAP SSC Results 2017, AP 10th Class Result, AP Board Matric Exam Results 2017, Andhra Pradesh SSC Result is likely to be declared on May 6 India JNU faculty guides excess PhD students Academy MTS exam paper leaked, SSC to conduct test again for select Academy Facebook comments, likes may help reduce exam anxiety: study Academy Maharashtra state board drops General Maths as an option Academy IITs to start induction event for freshers Live Cricket Score England vs Ireland Fri, 5 May 2017, 03:30 PM IST Video WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! View all Tags Scott Brown Bank of America Citigroup Emmanuel Macron Florida France U. S. Federal Reserve S&P AIG Raymond James St. Petersburg Tesla Thomson Reuters I/B/E Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Brussels 'crossing fingers' for Macron in French vote China's 1st large homemade passenger jet taking to the skies Islamic State leader in Egypt tells Muslims to avoid Christian gatherings Brexit minister Davis says EU trying to bully Britain Olympics - Trump has 'done everything' to back LA 2024 - bid chief Sport Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Mourinho not pleased with Man U despite Celta Vigo win Cricket-Women's World Cup sees 10-fold jump in prize money FIFA hears Lionel Messi appeal against four-match Argentina ban Soccer-English FA mulling over ties with betting, alcohol firms Entertainment Was extremely nervous to face the camera again: Manisha Hrithik Roshan as Baahubali, Deepika Padukone as Devasena: 'Baahubali' writer reveals his choices for Hindi version Did you know! Sachin's 1st bat was gifted by his sister WHOA! Sushant Singh Rajput has also shot for 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'! I know I deserve this award: Akshay Kumar on his National Award win! Money Wockhardt moves down 4.5% as Q4 net loss swells Muted demand drags down mentha oil futures by 0.56 pc Nickel futures fall on weak global cues, muted demand No-fly list: Govt issues new rules to deal with unruly behaviour of passengers on flights Cardamom futures extend gains, up 2 pc on strong demand Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America Announces Early Settlement of its Cash Tender Offer for its 6.850% Surplus Notes due 2039 NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (“TIAA”) announced today the exercise of its early settlement right for its previously announced cash tender offer (the “Tender Offer”) for up to $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.850% Surplus Notes due 2039 (the “Notes”). As previously announced, TIAA has amended the Tender Offer to increase the Maximum Tender Amount from $750 million to $950 million (as amended, the “Maximum Tender Amount”). As previously announced, $1,038,470,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes were validly tendered and not validly withdrawn as of the early tender deadline, which was 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 2, 2017. The Maximum Tender Amount of such tendered Notes was accepted for payment, subject to the proration procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase (as defined below), and settlement will be May 9, 2017. Holders of the $950 million aggregate principal amount of Notes that have been accepted for purchase will receive the Total Consideration (as defined in the Offer to Purchase described below), which amounts to a total of $1,392.52 per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Tender Offer is being made by TIAA upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in its Offer to Purchase, dated April 19, 2017 (the “Offer to Purchase”), which sets forth a complete description of the terms of the Tender Offer. The Tender Offer will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, at the end of May 16, 2017 (the “Expiration Time”), unless extended upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase. The obligation of TIAA to pay for Notes validly tendered, not validly withdrawn and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer is conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described in the Offer to Purchase under the heading “Terms of the Tender Offer—Conditions to the Tender Offer.” TIAA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to waive any and all conditions of the Tender Offer described in the Offer to Purchase on or prior to the Expiration Time. This press release is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell securities. No offer, solicitation, purchase or sale will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful. The Tender Offer is being made solely pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are serving as Joint Lead Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer. Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at (800) 558-3745 (toll free) or (212) 723-6106 (collect) and to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (866) 834-4666 (toll free) or (212) 834-8553 (collect). Requests for the Offer to Purchase may be directed to Global Bondholder Services Corporation, which is acting as Tender Agent and Information Agent for the Tender Offer, at the following telephone numbers: banks and brokers, (212) 430-3774; all others toll free at (866) 470-3700 or email at contact@gbsc-usa.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information This press release contains forward-looking statements. Such statements include statements regarding the belief or current expectations of TIAA concerning its future financial condition and results of operations. Holders of Notes are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. The information in the Offer to Purchase identifies important factors that could cause such differences. About TIAA TIAA is the leading provider of financial services in the academic, research, medical, cultural and government fields. TIAA has $938 billion in assets under management (as of 03/31/2017, and based on assets under management across Nuveen Investments affiliates and TIAA investment management teams) and offers a wide range of financial solutions, including investing, banking, advice and education, and retirement services. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cricket Industry Analysis 2017 For Global Market (Bats, Balls, Protective Gear, Others) Next PostNext Zirconium Oxide Flap Disc Market 2017-Saint-Gobain, 3M, Tyrolit, Klingspor Search Recent Posts Jabra extends Evolve range with new wireless headset for modern office workers Cheap Janet Jackson Tickets: Ticket Down Discounts Ticket Prices for 2017 „State of the World” Tour Caterpillar Inc. Files Forms 4 Grupo Simec Announces Results Of Operations For The Twelve Month Period Ended December 31, 2016 M.D.C. Holdings’ Presentation At The J.P. Morgan 10th Annual Homebuilding And Building Products Conference To Be Webcast Live RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special When Can You Retire? This Tells You Instantly. See More. Home | Economy Tags: Trump Administration | Trump | Threats | Banks | Wall Street | Break Trump's Threats to Break Up Banks Aren't Scaring Wall Street Yet (Dollar Photo Club) Thursday, 04 May 2017 07:26 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Despite President Donald Trump’s repeated assertions that he might support breaking up big banks, Wall Street isn’t worried. Yet. The calm is fueled by signals from administration aides in private meetings with industry executives to discuss rolling back financial rules, a Trump priority. While not making any assurances, the officials aren’t harping on the issue, according to people who have participated in or been briefed on the discussions. In fact, the topic of reviving Glass-Steagall, the 1933 law separating investment and commercial banking, rarely comes up. Just last month, Trump’s top economic adviser Gary Cohn eased the concerns of at least two bank chief executives officers who called him after he spoke approvingly of Glass-Steagall in a meeting with senators, people familiar with the matter said. Neither Cohn nor the Treasury Department’s Craig Phillips made a case for splitting up banks when they met recently with an important financial lobbying group, said some attendees. There is also a sense in the industry that lawmakers have little appetite to take on another controversial legislative fight, especially one that would anger big donors. Republicans, who control both houses of Congress, are particularly loath to support such a dramatic reshaping of the banking system. “I’m sure it will be brought up,” said Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee who sits on the Senate Banking Committee. “But is there a lot of momentum around this in the House and Senate? Currently there is not.” Still, Trump’s most recent comments about breaking up banks, made in a Bloomberg News interview this week, have caused a few tremors as banking executives try to parse what he meant. Firms taking special notice include Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. All three have substantial footprints in commercial and investment banking, so their business models would be severely impacted if they had to break up. Though they still think any action is unlikely, those firms are telling their trade associations and lobbyists they shouldn’t dismiss Trump’s comments out of hand. A nightmare scenario, some finance executives say, would be another major scandal like the JPMorgan trader known as the London Whale who lost billions of dollars, or Wells Fargo & Co.’s fake accounts fiasco. Such an embarrassment could spur a wave of lawmakers to support a drastic move like breaking up banks. Spokesmen for the banks declined to comment. Nevertheless, interviews with about a dozen people, including executives at most of the largest banks, industry lobbyists and lawyers focused on financial regulation, show that the administration’s rhetoric is often different from reality. Cohn’s Praise For example, Cohn told the bank CEOs who contacted him after his Senate meeting that he was simply responding to a question from Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren, implying that he had been trapped into discussing Glass-Steagall. He added that he was echoing comments Trump made on the campaign trail as well as backing language in the Republican platform that expresses support for the law, said people briefed on the conversations who requested anonymity. Both executives were left with the impression that they shouldn’t fret, the people added. Later in the month, Cohn and Phillips, who is leading the Treasury’s review of financial regulations, met in Washington with the board of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, known as Sifma. The two talked more about creating jobs and boosting lending, rather than making structural changes to banks. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom declined to comment on the meeting. She said Cohn is “putting his extensive knowledge of the financial world to work for the American people, and they are the ones he is thinking about when formulating economic policy.” Cheryl Crispen, a Sifma spokeswoman, said: “We are not going to provide a comment on any discussions from our board meeting.” Banking Giants The Glass-Steagall law was part of the government’s move to regulate Wall Street in the wake of the 1929 stock market crash. It was repealed in 1999, spurring a wave of bank mergers and the growth of large, one-stop-shop financial services companies. Among the best known was the combination of Citicorp and Travelers Group that created Citigroup. The 2008 financial crisis and the $700 billion taxpayer bailout of Wall Street sparked a renewed interest in the law, as some Democrats and others on the left argued that splitting up the massive firms would ensure that they would never again threaten the economy or need another rescue. Congress, however, took another tack, passing the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, which piled on new capital requirements and trading rules but left the largest banks intact. The result, many executives say, is stronger institutions that are able to provide large-scale lending and other services that the biggest, global corporations need. “Following the financial crisis, the U.S. debated this issue and decided that universal banks were good for the economy,” said Daniel Pinto, JPMorgan’s head of investment banking, in an interview Tuesday in Riyadh. “But they needed to be properly capitalized, have proper liquidity management and a strong resolution mechanism. That has already happened.” Dodd-Frank Criticism As a candidate, Trump was highly critical of Dodd-Frank, saying its strictures have forced banks to cut back on lending. But he also praised Glass-Steagall, a nod to his populist, anti-Wall Street message. Now in office, Trump and other administration officials have touted their support for a “21st century, modern Glass-Steagall.” What that means, however, is anybody’s guess. None of Trump’s advisers have offered details on a plan and, in the Bloomberg News interview, the president was similarly vague. “There are, you know, some people that want to go back to the old system, right?” he said. “So we’re going to look at that. We’re going to, we’re looking at it right now as we speak.” No Action Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, said that he has a hard time taking Trump at his word, especially since he has populated his administration with finance executives. “So far, Trump has just talked up Glass-Steagall without actually doing anything, which is what you’d expect from a guy who puts big banks in charge of policy,” said Stanley, whose group would like to see the law reinstated. Financial firms don’t seem to be taking Trump’s threats at face value, either. The large banks didn’t say much about re-instating Glass-Steagall in comments their trade associations have been submitting to the Treasury for its review of financial regulations. That process was triggered by an executive order Trump signed earlier this year, and the department is slated to issue a report in early June that lays out recommendations for eliminating rules. Unnecessary Reform Sifma, in a letter than ran some 260 pages, devoted about a paragraph to the issue, arguing that the litany of rules already imposed on banks make structural reform “unnecessary.” Another organization, the Clearing House Association, barely noted the controversy at all, tucking in roughly a sentence on the issue deep into a 50-page draft that was recently sent to its members. The lack of verbiage alarmed some of the lenders it represents, especially after Trump’s comments, and they lobbied to change it. Greg Baer, the association’s president, explained that he was reluctant to press the issue since Congress was unlikely to ever pass a new Glass-Steagall, people briefed on the discussions said. Instead, he offered to personally raise the matter with Treasury officials. A Clearing House spokesman declined to comment. But when it released its letter to the Treasury earlier this week, there was new language opposing any move to break up banks. And, it was more prominently placed, in the last paragraph of the introduction. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy In private, administration aides rarely discuss Glass-Steagall; Gary Cohn said to ease some concerns about dismantling lenders Trump, Threats, Banks, Wall Street, Break 1270 Thursday, 04 May 2017 07:26 AM 2017-26-04 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Sparks Fears of Tax War Against China, Other Countries Wednesday, 03 May 2017 | 85 comments So, the United States doesn't have the right for a good Deal or Prosperity... David Stockman: Trump's Tax Plan Is 'Dead on Arrival' Monday, 01 May 2017 | 75 comments '"It's a wonderful fantasy, he said of Trumps tax proposal. But there's no... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 38 comments This is a very good idea from Trump. Good for the fiscal deficit; good for... Trump Says He's Considering Moves to Break Up Wall Street Banks Monday, 01 May 2017 | 39 comments Let's do it!... Bernanke: GOP Making Bad Sell on Border Adjustment Tax Monday, 01 May 2017 | 10 comments Bernanke is correct about one thing it was never about trade.*Does anyone... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Archrock Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apartment Investment and Management Co (AIV) Downgraded by Mizuho Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Price Target Increased to $105.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Downgraded by Vertical Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Archrock Inc (AROC) to Sell AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vertical Group Anthem Inc (ANTM) PT Raised to $173.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Sunoco LP (SUN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 5th MBT Financial Corp. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (MBTF) Archrock Partners LP (APLP) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 5th Dreyfus Strategic Muni. (LEO) Plans $0.04 Monthly Dividend Dreyfus Strategic Municipal Bond Fund (DSM) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.04 Bridgepoint Education Inc (BPI) Releases Earnings Results Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cummins Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CMI) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CVS Health Corp Reduced by Analyst (CVS) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DFT) Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Huntington National Bank Has $143,000 Stake in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) LGT Capital Partners LTD. Has $12.674 Million Position in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Huntington National Bank Decreases Stake in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Insider Selling: salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Chairman Sells $2,583,600.00 in Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers Archrock Inc (AROC) to Sell May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Archrock Inc (NYSE:AROC) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Archrock, Inc. is a provider of natural gas contract compression services as well as supplier of aftermarket services of compression equipment. The company operates in the oil and gas producing regions primarily in the United States. Archrock, Inc., formerly known as Exterran Holdings, Inc., is based in Houston, United States. “ Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Scotiabank restated a hold rating and set a $16.00 target price on shares of Archrock in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Royal Bank of Canada restated a hold rating and set a $15.00 target price on shares of Archrock in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Simmons boosted their target price on Archrock from $14.25 to $14.75 and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Archrock in a research report on Friday, January 6th. They set a neutral rating and a $13.00 target price for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $13.54. Shares of Archrock (NYSE:AROC) opened at 11.80 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $12.37 and its 200-day moving average price is $13.34. The company’s market capitalization is $832.35 million. Archrock has a 52-week low of $6.41 and a 52-week high of $16.40. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The energy company reported ($0.06) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.03. Archrock had a negative return on equity of 1.48% and a negative net margin of 17.11%. The business had revenue of $152 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $156.60 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.08 earnings per share. Archrock’s quarterly revenue was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Archrock will post ($0.10) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers Archrock Inc (AROC) to Sell” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/zacks-investment-research-lowers-archrock-inc-aroc-to-sell.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, May 9th will be paid a dividend of $0.12 per share. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.07%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. Archrock’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -30.77%. In other Archrock news, insider D Bradley Childers sold 18,488 shares of Archrock stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total transaction of $244,596.24. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 647,986 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,572,854.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Donald Wayne sold 3,647 shares of Archrock stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.21, for a total value of $48,176.87. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 143,556 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,896,374.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 26,694 shares of company stock valued at $353,076. Corporate insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Chai Trust Co. LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at about $21,318,000. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at about $17,843,000. Numeric Investors LLC raised its stake in shares of Archrock by 188.6% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 1,923,098 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $25,385,000 after buying an additional 1,256,792 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Archrock by 50.3% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,978,588 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $24,535,000 after buying an additional 662,512 shares during the period. Finally, Gotham Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Archrock by 122.7% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 841,935 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $11,013,000 after buying an additional 463,820 shares during the period. 89.93% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Archrock Archrock, Inc is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Archrock (AROC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature The Man Who Knew Bernie's Secret A new documentary focuses on Harry Markopolos, Bernie Madoff's nemesis, who fruitlessly tried to expose the master swindler for almost a decade. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Erin E. Arvedlund Biography August 20, 2011 After seeing the documentary Chasing Madoff, most Americans will wish there were more people on Wall Street like Harry Markopolos, the independent fraud investigator, who a decade ago stumbled upon Bernard L. Madoff, then just a billion-dollar Ponzi-scheme artist. I sure wish I'd met Harry. By the time Madoff turned himself in, on Dec. 11, 2008, the Wall Street legend had concocted a huge pyramid scheme. On paper, his investors collectively had $65 billion, a pure fiction propped up by new investors brought in to pay off old ones redeeming their money. Madoff's ruinous crime replicated Charles Ponzi's small-time 1920s postage-stamp fraud—only Madoff's lasted for decades, circled the earth and took in everyone from Hollywood director Steven Spielberg to Swiss bankers to Holocaust historian Elie Wiesel to European royalty. Madoff represented the first truly global financial scandal (unless you count mortgage-backed securities). Chasing Madoff opens Aug. 26 in theaters around the U.S. (http://cohenmedia.net/main.html has details). The film, based on Markopolos' book, No One Would Listen, is less about the monster himself than about how, after a thankless nearly 10-year journey, a determined man showed that the onetime Nasdaq chairman was a financial serial killer. Enlarge Image Close Bernie Madoff isn't the only villain in the film. The Securities and Exchange Commission comes out stinking, too. A WALL STREET CASSANDRA, Markopolos (pronounced mark-uh-POLE-iss) worked for Rampart Investments in Boston, a firm that made money for clients trading options—the strategies that Madoff only claimed to be doing. Audiences unfamiliar with the details will be chilled by the tale of how Markopolos and his investigators, Frank Casey, Neil Chelo and Michael Ocrant, piled up evidence from Madoff investors and former employees. In addition to a high-profile legitimate brokerage business, Bernie ran a phony hedge fund that hadn't made a single trade. Madoff was simply a con man who parked his doomed investors' money in a demand-deposit bank account at JPMorgan Chase. His team of mostly uneducated back-office accomplices didn't invest the cash, yet sent out millions of pages of made-up monthly statements showing paper profits from fake buy and sell orders that never crossed the ticker. After doing the math on Madoff's suspiciously consistent returns, Markopolos' team approached regulators in Boston, then got the runaround—for roughly nine years! The Securities and Exchange Commission comes out stinking in the film, although recently Markopolos praised the agency for creating a whistle-blower program and taking on the type of big cases that it once avoided. Director Jeff Prosserman weaves in devastating commentary from the SEC's inspector general, David Kotz, and Markopolos' testimony to Congress, which rocked Wall Street and prompted the lawmakers to revisit securities legislation regarding hedge funds. (The SEC now has oversight for hedge funds, although it's doubtful that would have helped it catch Madoff, who survived nearly a dozen deferential SEC examinations.) The film recreates Markopolos' growing paranoia, which at times seems unwarranted—he bought guns for himself and his wife, checked for bombs under his car and generally kept his children in lock-down mode. As he had no luck turning in Madoff to Wall Street's supposed watchdog, Markopolos began to suspect Bernie had friends there. To this day, he believes that Madoff was laundering Colombian drug and Russian mob money. He notes that the FBI's Madoff investigation is still active, and that Bernie hasn't assisted investigators. Markopolos also had no luck with the press, fruitlessly pressing Forbes and The Wall Street Journal (like Barron's, owned by News Corp.) to pick up the story. Few knew that he existed untilMadoff's arrest in 2008. One week later, the Journal's front page hailed him as the whistle-blower who had served up Madoff's scam to the SEC on a silver platter and had been dismissed as an arrogant kook. After that, Markopolos felt safe. The movie brings us the first account of how no one—not even Markopolos—realized how many mom-and-pop investors Madoff had suckered. It also dramatizes their travails. One woman and her husband lost their life savings and now live in an RV; another testified at Madoff's sentencing that she'd become a dumpster-diver. As someone who questioned Madoff's returns back in 2001 for Barron's, I was moved by a scene in which Markopolos accepts an award from his fellow fraud investigators. After the stage lights dim, he weeps. His lament: If only I had done more, sooner. AFTER MY 2001 STORY RAN, I often thought I had been wrong—or worse, crazy. Now, I look back and wish I had written more about Madoff; my original source, Ken Nakayama, then head of equity derivatives strategy at Deutsche Bank, also marveled at regulators' silence after my article appeared. But then, if the world didn't believe a fraud expert like Harry Markopolos, whom would it believe? Chasing Madoff exposes this shadowy world of hedge funds, naïve investors and the lengths to which Wall Street will go to protect a golden goose like Bernie—who produced supposedly steady returns, year after year, with no questions allowed. Who else will we be chasing soon?  ERIN E. ARVEDLUND is the author of Too Good to Be True: The Rise and Fall of Bernie Madoff. E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Feature 1. The Trump Tax Plan: The Good, Bad, and Dumb 2. Wall Street Pros Are Bullish on 2017 But See Recession Late Next Year 3. NextEra: Steady Growth and a Rising Dividend 4. Under Trump Tax Plan, Banks, Restaurants, MLPs Could Win Big 5. Poll: Top Money Managers Favor Tech, Finance Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Tesla’s New Truck: Don’t Laugh, Says Analyst Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is the 8-Year-Old Bull Market Near Its End? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Facebook Is Far, Far Ahead 2 A Better Way to Select Factor ETFs 3 Picturing Apple's Future Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business HSBC posts surprise capital boost but rules out dividend hike, buybacks By Reuters  |   Published: 04th May 2017 05:49 PM  |   Last Updated: 04th May 2017 05:49 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email People walk past a major branch of HSBC at the financial Central district in Hong Kong, China . (File | Reuters) HONG KONG/LONDON: HSBC Holdings Plc reported a better than expected first-quarter profit and capital position on Thursday, benefiting from an improved performance from its core operations and the return of cash from its U.S. unit. The bank's common equity tier 1 ratio -- a key measure of its financial strength -- was 14.3 percent at the end of the March quarter, up from 11.9 percent in the same period last year and better than the 13.7 percent expected by analysts. HSBC's shares rose 3 percent in London on Thursday, outperforming a 1 percent rise in the STOXX European banks index and following an earlier 2 percent rise in Hong Kong. HSBC is still Europe's biggest bank despite slimming down in recent years. Along with U.S. rivals such as JPMorgan and Citi, it remains one of a handful of players to offer retail and investment banking services across the globe. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Iain Mackay ruled out a fresh share buyback in the short term as a means of using some of its excess capital, after the bank said it completed a previously announced $1 billion share buy-back in April. "We've just finished one, we need to catch our breath a little bit," Mackay told Reuters on Thursday. Mackay also reiterated the bank's stance that it will hold its dividend steady for now, quashing shareholders' hopes that the lender's robust capital levels would see it boost payouts. HSBC is expected to receive a further capital boost as it repatriates some $8 billion currently stuck in its U.S. subsidiary, following approval by the Federal Reserve last year of its plans to begin the process. Mackay however said the bank's deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice may complicate those plans, confirming a Reuters report last September.. Addressing another of the issues facing major banks, HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. PROFIT DECLINE Shareholders at the bank's annual meeting last week overwhelmingly voted in favour of re-electing Gulliver to the lender's board, in an affirmation of his strategy in recent years to shrink and refocus the bank. Gulliver and outgoing Chairman Douglas Flint have sought to unwind much of the empire-building of their predecessors since their appointments in 2010 - a response to a tough environment of low interest rates and increased regulation. Flint will be replaced by AIA Group boss Mark Tucker in October, while Gulliver is due to leave next year. HSBC said pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $5 billion, down from $6.1 billion a year ago but better than the $4.3 billion expected on average by analysts according to the bank's own survey. The profit decline was due to a change in the accounting treatment of the fair value on its debt and because its year-ago earnings included the operating results of the Brazil business that it sold in July, HSBC said. Revenue in the quarter dropped 13 percent to $13 billion. However, the bank's adjusted profit before tax, excluding the exceptional items, rose 12 percent in the quarter to $5.9 billion. In the first quarter HSBC said it had increased customer lending by 17 percent over the same period last year and assets under management by 15 percent in China's Pearl River Delta, a key plank of the management duo's strategy to refocus on Asia. Reuters reported earlier this month the bank's progress in attracting individual customers in the region has been slower than planned. In response to a question on the matter, HSBC's Mackay said the bank is not close to where it wants to be on that growth but is making good progress expanding loans and mortgages. TAGS HSBC O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest Malegaon blast: SC issues notice to Maharashtra government, NIA Three killed in cross-border firing by Afghan forces Kerala Chief Secy's reply on Senkumar's plea sought Live grenade removed from Red Fort 14 killed in accident in UP's Etah ISRO to launch South Asia Satellite today New rules today for bad air passengers Mother sells child for Rs. 200 in Tripura Gallery Hong Kong remembers the bloodiest riot that gave way for Cultural Revolution in China Pictures from 64th National Film Awards Ceremony arrow Videos Landslide US House approval for tighter North Korea sanctions Telangana government allots 1000 sq yard plot to PV Sindhu arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Business Business Columnists Column: Ken Griffin favors busting up biggest banks. It's worth a conversation Ken Griffin E. Jason Wambsgans / Chicago Tribune Ken Griffin, the founder and CEO of Citadel, in this Nov. 5, 2014 photo, has joined President Donald Trump's professed openness to breaking up the big banks. Ken Griffin, the founder and CEO of Citadel, in this Nov. 5, 2014 photo, has joined President Donald Trump's professed openness to breaking up the big banks. (E. Jason Wambsgans / Chicago Tribune) Robert ReedContact ReporterChicago Tribune Besides being superwealthy, what else do President Donald Trump and locally based hedge fund impresario Ken Griffin have in common? The answer is that each of these free market enthusiasts wants the U.S. government to explore busting up the country's largest banking groups, also known in some circles as the "too big to fail" crowd. Their high-profile chatter, which surfaced in separate news interviews this week, is raising a vitally important question: Does breaking up the four national banking powerhouses, with trillions of dollars in assets, protect us from a reprise of a 2008-like financial industry meltdown and related economic devastation? Some years ago, the Chicago area was home to hundreds of midsized and small banks, serving every kind of community. Since bank industry consolidation, that total has been vastly reduced and many area neighborhoods have suffered from the loss of a strong banking presence. I'm not saying dicing up the big banks means a return to a branch on every corner. It's a different time. But I'd argue that a smart, well-executed disassembling of the "too big to fail" banks would provide protection against another meltdown and also be a plus for the U.S. economy and taxpayers, who would again be on the hook should a financial crisis occur. Right now, the sheer size of the top banking groups is a concern. JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America and Citibank collectively control over $7 trillion in assets and an overwhelming number of customer deposits along with business and investment banking relationships. Through a series of mergers and acquisitions of other banks and free-standing investment houses, often encouraged by the government, these financial institutions are larger than they were before the last financial crisis. That is a tremendous consolidation of financial firepower in a few hands. There's also concern among some respected regulatory experts that these corpulent companies don't yet have enough capital — that's ready money in the sock — to withstand another hammer blow like a subprime mortgage crisis or a problem of that magnitude. Let's say, student loan debt? Subprime auto loans? Or something we don't see coming yet. What's more, there are worries that if just one "too big to fail" bank gets into a serious jam; there's a risk that it could contaminate its counterparts and eventually the economy. Should matters get bad enough, as in 2008, the government will have little choice but to step in and save the day with wads of taxpayer-backed cash. Such a capital infusion means going well beyond ponying up for only federally insured consumer bank deposits. "When faced with economic catastrophe, government leaders are often compelled to act and stop the hemorrhaging by bailing out large banks, bank managers, and those who lent money to the banks," states a plan proposed by the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, which is exploring ways to end "too big to fail" structure. As a matter of fact, several current and former regional presidents of the Federal Reserve, which regulates banks, have raised red flags about the potential danger a troubled or wobbly "too big to fail" bank could have on the financial system and economy. (Fed Chair Janet Yellen is not among those calling for disassembling the largest banks.) Doomsday scenarios aside, a case can be made that breaking up these financial conglomerates would open up competitive opportunities for more retail, commercial and investment banking groups, which spawns spirited competition and greater consumer choice. It stands to reason that more banks and investment firms would emerge if the big banks divested noncore subsidiaries, riskier assets and other properties. Speaking of spinoffs, some Wall Street investment gurus contend the big banks are worth more in pieces than whole. A breakup, they say, would unlock a lot of shareholder value, depending on how the disassembling is accomplished. As you'd expect, Big Bank CEOs and their backers vehemently disagree with critics that their companies are too large for their own good. They argue their behemoth banks, with worldwide investment banking chops, are needed if the U.S. is to remain competitive in the global financial services business. Great size and capability allows them to push back against China and other foreign rivals, they say. They also have confidence in their abilities to run things, adding that sweeping regulations imposed after the 2008 crisis are sufficient to blunt the fallout from most any financial downturn or crisis. They'd even like some of those rules to go away, especially an emphasis on adding more capital. Trump's professed openness to breaking up the banks is giving new life into the "too big to fail" debate. Citadel CEO Griffin's backing of the idea is also an interesting turn. Nonetheless, political and business pundits counter that the message is loud and clear: Right now, any congressional or regulatory attempt to end "too big to fail" is doomed. Yeah, that's probably the case. But we shouldn't stop talking about it. roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @reedtribbiz Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Ken Griffin Federal Reserve Donald Trump Wells Fargo Illinois' medical debt spiral injures people, economy As online rivals sprout, Peapod girds for battle Community banks hopeful as lawmakers target financial rules Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 44°
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Alere Inc. Announces Modifications of Consent Solicitations for Alere Inc.'s Notes News provided by Alere Inc. 04 May, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article WALTHAM, Mass., May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Alere Inc. (NYSE: ALR) (the "Company") announced today certain modifications to the previously announced consent solicitations relating to the Company's 6.500% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020, 6.375% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2023 and 7.250% Senior Notes due 2018 (collectively, the "Notes"). The Company has: (1) modified the amount the Company is offering to pay to each holder of Notes in respect of which such holder validly delivers (and does not revoke) a consent prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) to extend the deadline for delivery of certain financial information and to waive through and until 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 15, 2017 (such time and date, the "Waiver Date"), any default or event of default that occurred, is continuing or may occur under the indentures for the Notes (and its consequences) in connection with any failure to timely file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or to timely furnish to the relevant trustees pursuant to the indentures, the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the "2016 Form 10-K"), to $17.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the "Consent Fee") (from $2.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes); and (2) modified the amount the Company is offering to pay to each holder of Notes, in lieu of the Consent Fee, in respect of which such holder validly delivers (and does not revoke) a consent prior to the Expiration Date in the event, at any time prior to the market open on May 8, 2017, we file with the SEC the 2016 Form 10-K and we terminate the consent solicitations, to $10.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the "Consent Termination Fee") (from $1.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes). Each consent solicitation will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 5, 2017 unless extended or earlier terminated (such time and date, as the same may be extended or earlier terminated with respect to a consent solicitation, the "Expiration Date"). The modifications amend and supplement, and supersede to the extent inconsistent with, the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017 and, to the extent applicable, the consent form and any other related documents. Except as otherwise provided by the modifications, all other terms and provisions of the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017 shall remain in full force and effect, unmodified by the modifications. For a complete statement of the terms and conditions of the consent solicitations, holders of the Notes should refer to the consent solicitation statement dated as of May 1, 2017, as amended and supplemented, and the related consent form. The conditions to the consent solicitations are for the sole benefit of the Company, and may be waived by the Company at any time as described in the consent solicitation statement. The Company may terminate, extend or amend all, or any, of the consent solicitations at any time. The Company has engaged J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to act as Solicitation Agent in connection with the consent solicitations. Questions regarding the consent solicitations may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Liability Management Group, at (866) 834-4666 (toll free) or (212) 834-4811/(212) 270-0844 (collect). D.F. King & Co., Inc. is serving as the Information and Tabulation Agent in connection with the consent solicitations. Requests for assistance in delivering consents or for additional copies of the consent solicitation statement should be directed to the Information and Tabulation Agent, Attention: Andrew Beck, at (800) 829-6551 (toll free) or (212) 269-5550 (banks and brokers) (collect). This announcement is not an offer to purchase, a solicitation of an offer to purchase, or a solicitation of consents with respect to any securities, including the Notes. The consent solicitations are being made solely by the consent solicitation statement, as amended and supplemented, and the related consent form and are subject to the terms and conditions stated therein. The consent solicitations are not being made to, and the consents are not being solicited from, holders of Notes in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make such consent solicitations or grant such consents. No recommendation is made, or has been authorized to be made, as to whether or not holders of a particular series of Notes should consent to the adoption of the waivers pursuant to the applicable consent solicitation. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the consent solicitation statement or to terminate any or all of the consent solicitations. About Alere Alere believes that when diagnosing and monitoring health conditions, Knowing now matters™. Alere delivers reliable and actionable information through rapid diagnostic tests, resulting in better clinical and economic healthcare outcomes globally. Headquartered in Waltham, Mass., Alere focuses on rapid diagnostics for infectious disease, cardiometabolic disease and toxicology. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Readers can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "may," "could," "should," "would," "intend," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "continue," "goal," "budget" or similar words. A number of important factors could cause actual results of the Company and its subsidiaries to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, (i) the risk that the review (the "Review") described in the Company's (a) Form 12b-25 filed on March 1, 2017 (the "12b-25"), (b) Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2017 (the "March 8-K") and (c) Form 8-K filed on April 17, 2017 (the "April 8-K"), is not completed in a timely manner; (ii) the possibility that the Review uncovers a misstatement or misstatements in revenue recognition that are greater than the ranges provided in the 12b-25, the March 8-K or the April 8-K, which may be material in amount, or uncovers misstatements with respect to other matters; (iii) the risk that the Review uncovers misstatements that impact total amount of revenue reported; (iv) the risk that the Review will uncover circumstances that require additional material weaknesses in internal control; (v) the risk that these or other risk factors impact the expected timing of the filing of the 2016 Form 10-K; (vi) the risk that our failure to file the 2016 Form 10-K in a timely manner leads to the acceleration of the maturity of certain of our indebtedness; and (vii) the risk factors detailed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (as filed with the SEC on August 8, 2016) and other risk factors identified herein or from time to time in the Company's periodic filings with the SEC. Readers should carefully review these risk factors, and should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans, goals, and estimates at the date of this document. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alere-inc-announces-modifications-of-consent-solicitations-for-alere-incs-notes-300451365.html SOURCE Alere Inc. Related Links http://www.alere.com 01 May, 2017, 07:00 ET Preview: Alere Inc. Announces Commencement of Consent Solicitations for Alere Inc.'s Notes My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 25 Apr, 2017, 07:00 ET Alere Inc. Announces Commencement of Consent Solicitations for... 25 Apr, 2017, 07:00 ET Alere Launches the Alere™ Malaria Ag P.f, the First-Ever Rapid... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Infection Control You just read: Alere Inc. Announces Modifications of Consent Solicitations for Alere Inc.'s Notes News provided by Alere Inc. 04 May, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Expect First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) to Post $0.23 EPS Zacks: Marlin Business Services Corp. (MRLN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Credit Suisse Group AG Increases Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Price Target to $1,150.00 Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Anticipate The Valspar Corp (VAL) to Announce $1.19 Earnings Per Share Analysts Expect Kadant Inc. (KAI) to Post $0.88 EPS Carolina Financial Corp (CARO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Price Target Raised to $11.00 AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Price Target Increased to $65.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Indivior PLC (INDV) Given “Buy” Rating at Numis Securities Ltd ConvaTec Group PLC’s (CTEC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Deutsche Bank AG Increases Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Price Target to $109.00 Mastercard Inc (MA) Stake Held by Everence Capital Management Inc. DnB Asset Management AS Sells 1,000 Shares of American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Coastline Trust Co Reduces Stake in Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Position Reduced by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Sells 2,274 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Position Raised by DnB Asset Management AS Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $643,000 Position in Lennar Co. (LEN) Credit Suisse Group AG Increases Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Price Target to $1,150.00 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) had its price objective increased by Credit Suisse Group AG from $1,100.00 to $1,150.00 in a report released on Friday morning. Credit Suisse Group AG currently has an outperform rating on the information services provider’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on shares of Alphabet from $910.00 to $975.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Cowen and Company increased their target price on shares of Alphabet from $1,000.00 to $1,050.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, January 20th. They issued an overweight rating for the company. Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated an overweight rating and issued a $1,040.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and forty-two have assigned a buy rating to the company. Alphabet presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $965.38. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened at 927.04 on Friday. Alphabet has a 52 week low of $663.28 and a 52 week high of $928.10. The stock has a market capitalization of $637.20 billion, a PE ratio of 30.79 and a beta of 0.94. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $846.13 and a 200-day moving average of $809.86. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. The business earned $24.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $7.50 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Alphabet will post $33.85 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Credit Suisse Group AG Increases Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Price Target to $1,150.00” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/credit-suisse-group-ag-increases-alphabet-inc-goog-price-target-to-1150-00.html. In other news, Director L John Doerr sold 15,641 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $799.20, for a total transaction of $12,500,287.20. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,443 shares in the company, valued at $2,751,645.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $809.21, for a total transaction of $3,236,840.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 2,645 shares in the company, valued at $2,140,360.45. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 185,805 shares of company stock worth $152,367,447. Insiders own 13.92% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Alpha Windward LLC raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 0.9% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 222 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $173,000 after buying an additional 2 shares during the period. Parsec Financial Management Inc. raised its position in Alphabet by 7.7% in the third quarter. Parsec Financial Management Inc. now owns 6,581 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $5,115,000 after buying an additional 468 shares during the period. 1st Global Advisors Inc. raised its position in Alphabet by 4.9% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 690 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $536,000 after buying an additional 32 shares during the period. Buckingham Asset Management LLC raised its position in Alphabet by 244.8% in the third quarter. Buckingham Asset Management LLC now owns 3,669 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $2,852,000 after buying an additional 2,605 shares during the period. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its position in Alphabet by 1,762.5% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 170,418 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $132,468,000 after buying an additional 161,268 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.74% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Academy US STOCKS-Futures rises as Fed downplays economic weakness Shares1 Thu, 4 May 2017-05:04pm , Reuters U.S. stock index futures were higher on Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and expressed confidence in the strength of the economy. * In a bullish statement, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target. * Futures traders are now pricing in a 72 percent chance of rate hike in June, up from 63 percent before the Fed issued its statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. * Shares of banks, that benefit in a rising rate environment, were higher in premarket trading. Bank of America , JPMorgan and Citigroup were up about 0.5 percent. * Sentiment also got a boost after signs that centrist Emmanuel Macron was heading for victory in France's presidential election and from another round of strong quarterly reports from U.S. corporates. * Earnings of S&P 500 companies have generally come in above expectations, pushing the benchmark index to within a percent of its all-time high. * First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Facebook reported surging quarterly profit and revenue, but its shares fell 1 percent to $150.21 as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. * Tesla was down 1.6 percent at $306 after the electric-car maker posted a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss. * Viacom rose 2.9 percent to $40.40 after the media company's results came in above expectations. * Dunkin' Brands fell 1.5 percent to $55.50 after it said sales at Dunkin' Donuts U.S. stores were flat. * Square rose 4.5 percent to $19.10 as the payments company raised its earnings forecast. * Economic data due Thursday includes a report that is likely to show trade balance deficit widened in March, compared with February. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT). * Another report is expected to show 10,000 fewer Americans filed for unemployment benefits last week than the week before. Futures snapshot at 6:58 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 55 points, or 0.26 percent, with 14,303 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.26 percent, with 82,323 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 17 points, or 0.3 percent, on volume of 16,997 contracts. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Academy AP SSC Result 2017: Check bse.ap.gov.in, bseap.org for BSEAP SSC Results 2017, AP 10th Class Result, AP Board Matric Exam Results 2017, Andhra Pradesh SSC Result is likely to be declared on May 6 India JNU faculty guides excess PhD students Academy MTS exam paper leaked, SSC to conduct test again for select Academy Facebook comments, likes may help reduce exam anxiety: study Academy Maharashtra state board drops General Maths as an option Academy IITs to start induction event for freshers Next Article > Big polluters have backdoor access to UNFCCC? Live Cricket Score England vs Ireland Fri, 5 May 2017, 03:30 PM IST Next node Big polluters have backdoor access to UNFCCC? Video WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! View all Tags Bank of America Citigroup Emmanuel Macron France Thomson Reuters Viacom S&P U. S. Federal Reserve Tesla Thomson Reuters I/B/E SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Brussels 'crossing fingers' for Macron in French vote China's 1st large homemade passenger jet taking to the skies Islamic State leader in Egypt tells Muslims to avoid Christian gatherings Brexit minister Davis says EU trying to bully Britain Olympics - Trump has 'done everything' to back LA 2024 - bid chief Sport Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Mourinho not pleased with Man U despite Celta Vigo win Cricket-Women's World Cup sees 10-fold jump in prize money FIFA hears Lionel Messi appeal against four-match Argentina ban Soccer-English FA mulling over ties with betting, alcohol firms Entertainment Was extremely nervous to face the camera again: Manisha Hrithik Roshan as Baahubali, Deepika Padukone as Devasena: 'Baahubali' writer reveals his choices for Hindi version Did you know! Sachin's 1st bat was gifted by his sister WHOA! Sushant Singh Rajput has also shot for 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'! I know I deserve this award: Akshay Kumar on his National Award win! Money Wockhardt moves down 4.5% as Q4 net loss swells Muted demand drags down mentha oil futures by 0.56 pc Nickel futures fall on weak global cues, muted demand No-fly list: Govt issues new rules to deal with unruly behaviour of passengers on flights Cardamom futures extend gains, up 2 pc on strong demand Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Price Target Raised to $11.00 AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Price Target Increased to $65.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Indivior PLC (INDV) Given “Buy” Rating at Numis Securities Ltd ConvaTec Group PLC’s (CTEC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Deutsche Bank AG Increases Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Price Target to $109.00 Mastercard Inc (MA) Stake Held by Everence Capital Management Inc. DnB Asset Management AS Sells 1,000 Shares of American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Coastline Trust Co Reduces Stake in Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Position Reduced by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Sells 2,274 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Position Raised by DnB Asset Management AS Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $643,000 Position in Lennar Co. (LEN) DnB Asset Management AS Reduces Position in NCI Building Systems Inc (NCS) Xylem Inc (XYL) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Perkins Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in U.S. Bancorp (USB) DnB Asset Management AS Has $374,000 Position in Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Mitchell Sinkler & Starr PA Sells 865 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on FleetCor Technologies, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FLT) First Merchants Co. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.53 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts (FRME) Diamondback Energy Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts (FANG) ConvaTec Group PLC’s (CTEC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by investment analysts at Numis Securities Ltd in a research note issued on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 276 ($3.56) price target on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price target points to a potential downside of 7.38% from the stock’s current price. CTEC has been the subject of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Peel Hunt restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 300 ($3.87) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 271 ($3.50) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Royal Bank of Canada raised their price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 242 ($3.12) to GBX 278 ($3.59) and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 310 ($4.00) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. ConvaTec Group PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 306.75 ($3.96). Shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) opened at 294.70 on Thursday. ConvaTec Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 213.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 312.90. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 280.84 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 251.28. The firm’s market cap is GBX 5.67 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “ConvaTec Group PLC’s (CTEC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/convatec-group-plcs-ctec-hold-rating-reiterated-at-numis-securities-ltd.html. ConvaTec Group PLC Company Profile ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Microsoft Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Microsoft (MSFT) Discover Financial Services (DFS) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes BLB&B Advisors LLC Purchases 72 Shares of CVS Health Corp (CVS) Capital City Trust Co. FL Decreases Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Norway Savings Bank Decreases Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Cribstone Capital Management LLC Has $113,000 Stake in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Heritage Investors Management Corp Sells 1,187 Shares of 3M Co (MMM) Celgene Co. (CELG) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Position Raised by Cullinan Associates Inc. Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC Raises Position in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) ILG Inc (ILG) Stake Increased by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Stake Raised by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Raises Stake in DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Celgene Co. (CELG) Stake Increased by Regent Investment Management LLC Under Armour Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (UAA) United States Oil Fund Sees Unusually High Options Volume (USO) Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Insider Sells £27,954.50 in Stock Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Microsoft (MSFT) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) recently: 5/1/2017 – Microsoft had its “strong-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. They now have a $77.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $73.00. 5/1/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.. They now have a $75.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $70.00. 5/1/2017 – Microsoft was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Microsoft reported impressive third-quarter fiscal 2017 results beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate on both lines. The results demonstrated continuing enterprise strength, strong Office 365 adoption and robust penetration of Azure. Further, the addition of LinkedIn has improved the company's presence in the social media market. The recently announced Deis acquisition and investment in Flipkart is also positive. We note that Microsoft has outperformed the S&P 500 index on a year-to-date basis. However, strong U.S. dollar is expected to remain a concern. Moreover, competition is stiff and the company’s dominant position in the PC market continues to be challenged which are headwinds.” 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Pacific Crest. They now have a $78.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $70.00. They wrote, “We are raising our FCF estimates slightly and raising our target to $78 from $70 as we roll forward to calendar 2018. Reiterate Overweight on MSFT. Microsoft cloud was surprisingly strong; growth accelerated to 52%. The commercial cloud annualized run-rate increased 52% y/y to $15.2 billion in the quarter, exceeding our estimate by nearly $1 billion. Azure grew 93% y/y, maintaining the robust growth seen last quarter despite a larger revenue base. Premium services, which more than 80% of Azure customers adopt, drove the top-line performance and a ~300 basis point uptick in the cloud margin to 51%. Surface shortfall should not distract from stellar cloud momentum. Ultimately, Microsoft’s next three to five years will mostly be driven by its success in commercial cloud, which now represents 16% of sales, up from 5% in early 2015. While management underestimated the impact of Surface end-of-life and competitive pricing discounting that resulted in a revenue miss, we think the strong and broad-based adoption of Office 365, Azure, Dynamics 365 and LinkedIn cloud assets should trump any near-term concerns on Surface. Overweight MSFT on multiple upside levers; raising target to $78. We believe MSFT remains one of the marquee cloud stocks to own based on multiple upside levers to the model, including: (1) commercial cloud momentum across Azure, Azure Stack, Office 365, and Dynamics 365, (2) new product cycles, (3) Win10 commercial adoption, and (4) improving free cash flow margin.”” 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at BMO Capital Markets from $71.00 to $75.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from $72.00 to $78.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from $71.00 to $77.00. They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Atlantic Securities. They now have a $66.00 price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morningstar, Inc.. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a $81.00 price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $64.00 price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from $72.00 to $77.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a $68.00 price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at William Blair. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $80.00 price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Cowen and Company from $70.00 to $74.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Microsoft is now covered by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Microsoft had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at MKM Partners. They now have a $60.00 price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $69.32 price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Pacific Crest. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. They wrote, “We expect another solid earnings report on April 24. Tailwinds should position Microsoft for the highest revenue growth in two years (7% y/y) and the fourth straight quarter of double-digit growth in FCF. We expect Microsoft’s cloud strategy to come into full bloom at the Build user conference in Seattle on May 10. We remain confident in MSFT as a core Overweight holding. MSFT poised to deliver the highest revenue growth in two years. Several tailwinds should position Microsoft for an acceleration in revenue growth during FQ3 (March). These include (1) robust commercial cloud growth in excess of 40% y/y, (2) the second consecutive quarter of growth in Windows OEM driven by the Win10 commercial refresh cycle, and (3) a full-quarter benefit of LinkedIn that could boost overall revenue growth by ~400 basis points from last year. Commercial cloud remains the key growth engine. Commercial cloud should increase by at least 40% this quarter, exceeding a $14.3 billion annual run-rate. The cloud gross margin will be more dependent on the mix of large deals but could remain in the high-40% range despite Azure price cuts. Microsoft appears comfortably on track to reach its goal of growing its cloud segment to a $20 billion run-rate in 2018.”” 4/20/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a $72.00 price target on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Microsoft had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $80.00 price target on the stock. 4/11/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. According to Zacks, “Microsoft has underperformed the Zacks categorized Computer Software industry on a year-to-date basis. We note that estimates have been going down lately ahead of the company’s fiscal Q3 earnings release. The company has mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. Microsoft is benefiting from continuing enterprise strength, strong Office 365 adoption, robust penetration of Azure and promising new products. Further, the addition of LinkedIn will boost the company's presence in the social media market. The recently announced Dies acquisition and investment in Flipkart is also positive. However, strong U.S. dollar is expected to remain a concern. Moreover, competition is stiff and the company’s dominant position in the PC market continues to be challenged which are headwinds.” 4/6/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a $75.00 price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at William Blair. 3/17/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Pacific Crest. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Microsoft had its “strong-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. 3/16/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $76.00 price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $67.56 price target on the stock. Shares of Microsoft Co. (NASDAQ:MSFT) opened at 69.08 on Thursday. Microsoft Co. has a 52 week low of $48.03 and a 52 week high of $69.71. The firm has a market cap of $533.50 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.50 and a beta of 1.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $66.02 and a 200 day moving average of $63.16. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The software giant reported $0.73 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.69 by $0.04. Microsoft had a return on equity of 32.12% and a net margin of 19.57%. The firm had revenue of $23.56 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.62 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.62 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Microsoft Co. will post $3.03 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a $0.39 dividend. This represents a $1.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.26%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 16th. Microsoft’s dividend payout ratio is 73.59%. In other Microsoft news, insider G Mason Morfit sold 4,616,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.40, for a total value of $297,270,400.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Corporate insiders own 2.99% of the company’s stock. Microsoft Corporation is a technology company. The Company develops, licenses, and supports a range of software products, services and devices. The Company’s segments include Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing. The Company’s products include operating systems; cross-device productivity applications; server applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games, and training and certification of computer system integrators and developers. Receive News & Ratings for Microsoft Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Futures rises as Fed downplays economic weakness By Reuters Published: 07:31 EDT, 4 May 2017 | Updated: 07:31 EDT, 4 May 2017 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal May 4 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were higher on Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and expressed confidence in the strength of the economy. * In a bullish statement, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target. * Futures traders are now pricing in a 72 percent chance of rate hike in June, up from 63 percent before the Fed issued its statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. * Shares of banks, that benefit in a rising rate environment, were higher in premarket trading. Bank of America , JPMorgan and Citigroup were up about 0.5 percent. * Sentiment also got a boost after signs that centrist Emmanuel Macron was heading for victory in France's presidential election and from another round of strong quarterly reports from U.S. corporates. * Earnings of S&amp;P 500 companies have generally come in above expectations, pushing the benchmark index to within a percent of its all-time high. * First-quarter profits at S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Facebook reported surging quarterly profit and revenue, but its shares fell 1 percent to $150.21 as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. * Tesla was down 1.6 percent at $306 after the electric-car maker posted a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss. * Viacom rose 2.9 percent to $40.40 after the media company's results came in above expectations. * Dunkin' Brands fell 1.5 percent to $55.50 after it said sales at Dunkin' Donuts U.S. stores were flat. * Square rose 4.5 percent to $19.10 as the payments company raised its earnings forecast. * Economic data due Thursday includes a report that is likely to show trade balance deficit widened in March, compared with February. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT). * Another report is expected to show 10,000 fewer Americans filed for unemployment benefits last week than the week before. Futures snapshot at 6:58 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 55 points, or 0.26 percent, with 14,303 contracts changing hands. * S&amp;P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.26 percent, with 82,323 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 17 points, or 0.3 percent, on volume of 16,997 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Pippa and her fiance James make their FIRST official public appearance together at a charity ball two weeks before their wedding Looking svelte Booty-ful day! Kim Kardashian goes casual cool as she shows off famous derriere in sweatpants while filming KUWTK in LA Pert posterior Michael Barrymore, 65, makes the most of his bus pass: Presenter is just another face in the crowd as he queues at a stop in London  Rare sighting 'Hi Little One': Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder announce they're expecting a baby... and post sweet Instagram message to unborn child Beyonce denies lip injection speculation and says pregnancy is behind plumper pout Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z, are expecting twins Curves ahead! Amber Rose flaunts her famous form in grey leggings and peach top while hiking in Los Angeles She's never been shy  'I wish she was my accountant' Countdown's mathematician Rachel Riley drives her fans wild in very sexy orange optical-illusion dress Phwoar-dan! Busty Katie Price channels her former glamour girl alter-ego in a barely-there bikini top as she films scenes for her new TV show in Miami 'Does judging Kim make me feel better?' Ashley James shares unretouched swimsuit shot as she berates herself for mocking 'cellulite' snaps 'It was a long road': Caitlyn Jenner revisits how she contemplated suicide during gender transition as she continues to tout new tell-all Wonder in white! Blac Chyna shows off bodacious behind and cleavage in plunging one-piece thong swimsuit on yacht in Miami Goldie Hawn, 71, and Kurt Russell, 66, put on amorous display as they get stars on Walk Of Fame in front of Kate Hudson and Reese Witherspoon Badge of honour! Reese Witherspoon dons homemade Goldie pin while cheering on blonde idol Hawn as she gets star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Two peas in a pod! Diane Lane takes look-alike daughter Eleanor Lambert to Paris Can Wait premiere Family time on the red carpet  Make-up free Halle Berry, 50, shows off her flawless complexion on a grocery run in Beverly Hills 50-year-old Monster's Ball actress  DNCE PDA! Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner share a smooch at lunch following shopping trip in New York Spotted packing on the PDA over a meal Chest a glimpse! Newly single Vanessa White goes braless in extreme plunging velvet jumpsuit at star-studded accessories party  Tom Daley, 22, 'set to wed Dustin Lance Black, 42, this weekend despite TWO cheating scandals in a year... (that's if he gets out of hospital in time) 'It's been mentally draining': Pete Wicks reveals plans to take a break from TOWIE following dramatic split from Megan McKenna Getting sentimental! Serena Williams shares throwback photo with sister Venus after announcing pregnancy last month 'I was shocked': Zoe Saldana confirms Britney Spears accidentally divulged she was pregnant with twins in 2014 A kiss for his rose! Kirk Douglas, 100, plants a loving peck on wife Anne after writing book with her about his extra-marital affairs JAN MOIR: Isn't it time pampered man-baby Sad Dad Brad Pitt just grew up? Estranged husband of Angelina Jolie gave first divorce-era interview Courteney Cox looks flawless in a white blazer and jeans at footwear launch party  The 52-year-old attended the launch of NewbarK's collaboration Still going Solo! Harrison Ford shops by himself in LA on May the 4th Star Wars fans held costume parties worldwide Relaxing with a Beer! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison gets pampered at a nail salon as she flashes her toned torso in boob tube She's hung up her heels! Strictly Come Dancing professional Natalie Lowe QUITS the show after seven years Declined her invitation to return Simply irresistible! Victoria's Secret Angel Lais Ribeiro stuns in black Roberto Cavalli gown at New York City Ballet Spring Gala Brazilian beauty Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'looking to expand their Sydney mega-apartment 'but might have to spend $9M to purchase neighbour's property Now he's Aquaman! Christian Bale and his wife, Sibi, keep it casual as they head for breakfast with growing son, Joseph...carrying snorkels The full package! Movie hunk Mickey Rourke shows off bulge in VERY tight spandex shorts after boxing workout If looks could kill! Darren Criss leaves little to the imagination as he rinses off in tiny Speedo while filming American Crime Story: Versace They're BFFs again! Chloe Sims puts on a busty display as she heads to Joey Essex's clothing launch with an ab-flashing Lauren Pope following TOWIE reunion How angelic! Vanessa Hudgens looks carefree in all-white jumpsuit...as she steps out a week after learning her show Powerless was cancelled Chris Pine and Kate McKinnon pull a series of silly stunts in the SNL prop department for new promo Pine will host Saturday's episode  Victoria Secret model Martha Hunt looks chic in black leather jacket and vintage sunglasses for walk with beloved pooch in NYC Keeping fit! Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off bare midriff in black sports bra as she steps out for a hike Looking remarkably sweat-free Stepping out in style! Jane Krakowski takes the plunge as co-star Ellie Kemper stands out in bold frock at Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt event All is forgiven! Richard Wilkins comes face-to-face with Jeff Goldblum...after falsely reporting the actor as DEAD in 2009 The (latex) gloves are ON! Tyga's rumoured former flame Demi Rose shows off her very ample cleavage by posing TOPLESS in seductive new video Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned torso in mesh top as she steps out alongside sister Bella in New York City Model style Expecting a delivery? Pregnant Whitney Port waits for Postmates food driver to arrive Showcased her burgeoning baby bump  May the farce be with you! Mark Hamill pranks Star Wars fans by sneaking up on them as they recreate iconic scenes Back to work! Kylie Minogue cuts a casual and stylish figure before heading back into the studio... hinting she's recording a new album She's into studs! April Love Geary steps out in ornamented leather jacket as beau Robin Thicke bonds with son Looked rockstar chic Kate Bosworth looks positively radiant in strapless cream top at celeb-studded Roger Vivier event Was out flaunting her style again  Revenge Of The Nerds star Robert Carradine's wife claims he DELIBERATELY smashed their car into truck in an attempted murder-suicide 'Day 1 get tatted and kick some a**'! Hunky Jason Momoa seems happy and relaxed as he begins filming Aquaman in Australia with Amber Heard Fifty shades greyer! Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda and Candice Bergen to introduce EL James' saucy novel to 60+ Book Club in new movie Kristina Rihanoff quashes rumours of 'serious tension' with boyfriend Ben Cohen as she cosies up to him wearing plunging red gown at charity event Siren on the shore! Reality TV star Courtney Stodden nearly busts out of her incredibly tiny string bikini as she hits the beach in LA Barely-there swimwear Stephen Belafonte is pictured having 'intense' conversation with a mystery brunette in West Hollywood... amid acrimonious divorce battle with Mel B EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Might the lovely if intensely self-absorbed Angelina Jolie encourage many of us to order up a cocktail or two? 'I naively hoped everyone would be colorblind': Ashley Graham reveals her family initially didn't accept her black husband SPOILER ALERT: Maxine Minniver is left heartbroken when love rival Darcy Wilde's scheming ruins her wedding to Adam Donovan in Hollyoaks Feeling fan-tastic! Charlie Sheen cuddles up to wellwisher as enjoys a puff at AIDS drug event in Hollywood Getting up close and personal Pregnant Danielle Bux conceals her baby bump in a loose Bardot sundress as she cosies up to boyfriend Nate Greenwald in LA Chic 'OMG the dolls... you're killing me!': Geri Horner shares video of herself working out in her bathroom... but fans are more transfixed by her Spice Girl figurines Game Of Thrones fans delight as HBO starts work on FOUR spin-offs of the blockbuster fantasy tale Each project will 'explore different time periods' Pregnant Bar Refaeli looks radiant as she proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in plunging satin dress at travel awards in Madrid Glowing Kris Jenner granted restraining order against former security guard accused of stalking the Kardashian momager Legal battle Brad Pitt gave ex Angelina Jolie 'a head's up' before his revealing interview about 'boozing' and 'therapy' was released Friendly warning  Intergalact-kiss! Katherine Waterston stuns in a busty semi-sheer gown as she puckers up to Michael Fassbender at Alien: Covenant premiere That's her girl! Blac Chyna shares sweet new photo of her adorable giggling baby daughter Dream Kardashian Cute 'He was a really happy person': Heath Ledger's sister Kate slams reports new documentary 'whitewashed' his demons 'To one of the strongest girls I know!' Sofia Vergara wishes childhood gal pal happy birthday with flashy throwback snap of themselves in costume  She found her shirt! Makeup-free Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in sporty outfit...one day after sharing topless snap Racy snap Come Away With Me! Jazz singer Norah Jones wows in polka dot printed bikini as she relaxes during Hawaiian vacation  Retro two-piece Hadid a bad day? Zayn Malik looks down in the dumps as he leaves Gigi's New York apartment... after suffering backlash over £120k charity plea 'Sister bumps!' Binky Felstead reveals that she and lookalike sibling Anna-Louise are just seven weeks apart in their pregnancies as they show off bare tums White on target! Kate Hudson looks sensational in sexy summer dress with a high slit as she hits Walk Of Fame ceremony for Goldie and Kurt 'Sorry to hear you're standing down, sir.' 'Well I can't stand up much longer!' Prince Philip, 95, seals retirement with humour as he prepares to end royal duties Oh Philip! Did you really say that? His critics called them gaffes. But they were also the one-liners that brightened up his (and our) working days...  That's slick! Kendall Jenner gels down her locks as she poses up a storm in FOUR different outfits in New York The 21-year-old was put through her paces 'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Ed Sheeran reveals he writes FIVE tunes a day as it's the one thing that stops him feeling 'low' in Desert Island Discs teaser 'Rowling has an insatiable ego': Joanna Trollope goes on the warpath with Harry Potter author as she claims she is obsessed with social media  Mama June braves the Baywatch swimsuit again after drastic 300lb weight loss and surgery (and gets a little help from airbrush too) Previously 460lbs PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Downcast Jeremy McConnell departs Stephanie Davis' house... as he lashes out at 'malicious' post-rehab drinking claims She's one hot dog! Kylie Jenner strips down to her knickers to flaunt her tiny waist while playing around with puppy Snapchat filter  His number one fan! Khloe Kardashian cheers on her boyfriend Tristan Thompson and the Cleveland Cavaliers during NBA playoffs Cheerleader Duke of Edinburgh sneaks out of London to stay with friends: Prince heads north after announcing retirement at meeting where you could hear pin drop How I captured 'royal boss' Kate, by Charles III star: Actress Charlotte Rilley admits 'bingewatching' clips of the Duchess on YouTube  It is happening again! Showtime reveals glimpses of Twin Peaks characters 25 years later in new teaser Following the ABC series finale in 1991 Queen bump! Beyonce shows off burgeoning baby belly in sheer black top... before switching to cheeky T-shirt with 'preggers' on it Maternity chic 'It's akin to racism': One-armed CBeebies presenter Cerrie Burnell weighs in on furore over her refusal to wear prosthetic limb... as she poses in a bikini  May the Fourth be with him! Danny Trejo gets into the Star Wars Day fun as as he shares his 'lost' audition for iconic film and spoofs Princess Leia Greatest double act of them all: He shored her up in times of crisis. Now his retirement means we'll see less of the Queen too, say the Mail's royal writers Thigh hard with a vengeance! Slimline Tallulah Willis showcases her toned gym body after punishing workout Slender They didn't have those in the '40s! Lily James wears period costume to snap selfies on her phone while filming World War II movie Guernsey That's one pampered pooch! Bella Thorne shows off her new pet puppy Dojo... who has dog-walkers Wag 'on speed dial' Puppy love 'I can't wait to see him': Niall Horan reveals he's bought the sweetest gifts for Liam Payne and Cheryl's baby son Bear as he makes plans for a visit Something he said? Pink-wigged Cara Delevingne sprints away from Jaden Smith as the pair film for new drama Life In A Year in Toronto On set 'They really looked like a couple': Kylie Jenner's rapper beau Travis Scott has been telling friends they are 'the real deal' Has she found real love? No wonder she's called The Female Boss: Tulisa enjoys a dip in skimpy white string bikini in Mumbai... before flashing her abs in crop top to fly home He's Scott got to be joking: Tom Hardy cuts a scruffy figure as he signs autographs at Alien: Covenant premiere ahead of collaboration with Ridley Beattie's new man is a pug called Patrick! Actress to star alongside dog in new Disney family comedy  Absolutely Fabulous' Beattie Edmondson BBC to put War of the Worlds on TV: HG Wells' novel finally adapted for British viewers 120 years after it was published First adaptation Team Windsor rallies round: How the 'Firm' will step up to take on Prince Philip's duties as Duke prepares to end 70 years of royal engagements  Murder on the Brexit Express: As Christie remake is announced, RICHARD LITTLEJOHN imagines if Hercule Poirot was called upon to solve the Brexit saga Back to her country roots! Miley Cyrus soaks up the sun in white dress and rides toy horse in Daisy Dukes for idyllic photoshoot Frill-seeker: Claire Sweeney, 46, shows off her super svelte figure in a strapless blue jumpsuit with matching silver accessories at music event 'I did it once and I'll do it again!' Lauren Goodger shares inspirational throwback snap of when she was at her smallest as she continues weight loss Still wild for each other! Game of Thrones stars Kit Harington and Rose Leslie hold hands and cosy up at lunch as they enjoy a romantic break in sunny Greece Rihanna spotted 'getting cosy' with stylish Olympic fencer Miles Chamley-Watson at the Met Gala The songstress was said to be getting flirty  Beaming Michelle Heaton proudly dons skimpy bandeau bikini... after bravely baring her hysterectomy and double mastectomy scars live on TV Model mom Gisele Bundchen flashes her midriff while out on family stroll with husband Tom Brady and kids Family time Pastel pretty! As Gigi Hadid and Selena Gomez step out in soft feminine hues, FEMAIL rounds up stylish options for YOU to shop now - all under $100 Best boss ever? Jessica Alba has Star Wars theme day at work complete with Darth Vader visit... before sharing sweet throwback snap On the run! Dakota Johnson has another bad hair day in NYC as she is scurried into a chauffeured SUV by an assistant Windswept 'I'm much healthier': Lena Dunham share hospital bed snap and praises strong women with chronic illness Admitted she'd 'felt like lying own' at Met Gala  Sappy and sickly, A Dog's Purpose is a real dog's dinner, writes BRIAN VINER  Unfortunately it was meant to be taken seriously 'I was criticized a lot': Ariel Winter, 19, talks the humiliation of being called 'fat' and 'ugly' at age 11 when she first started shooting Modern Family It's All About Tonight: Busty Pixie Lott wears very sexy nude corset top with draped pink fur jacket at the 4Music Trending Live show Pretty in pink NOW I'm red-dy! Leggy Kendall stuns in scarlet minidress before flashing her behind in tiny white skirt... after her bleary-eyed post-Met Gala Muppets shoot Thank you for the years of duty, say Duke's 800 charities: Prince Philip has championed causes from saving pandas to literacy in Africa Solemn Queen Maxima looks elegant in black as she attends annual Remembrance Day commemorations in The Netherlands Regal These boots were NOT made for walking! Tamara Ecclestone teeters along in strappy thigh-high footwear as she heads to hair salon with mini-me Sophia An Indian yoga casket, a Jacuzzi and 12 white handkerchiefs: Details of Justin Bieber's 'tour rider accommodating his 120-strong entourage leaked online' Imogen Thomas flaunts her assets in an eye-popping skimpy green bikini and sheer black sarong... days after showing off itsy bitsy yellow bikini 'I love therapy': Brad Pitt reveals he is finding comfort in searching his soul with a psychologist during this 'weird time' since Angelina Jolie split Just like Miley! Noah Cyrus sticks out her tongue while promoting her upcoming performance at MTV Movie Awards Think pink Move over David Brent, there's a new fool in town: Mindhorn is inoffensively silly, says BRIAN VINER  Worth watching for the cameos Swimsuit-clad Kelly Rohrbach flaunts cleavage on Cosmo cover... and says 'humor is the sexiest thing' in a man  Beach babe 'She has no idea what's going on between us': Megan McKenna slams TOWIE co-star Chloe Sims for claiming that she is secretly back with ex Pete Wicks EOTB siren Ashleigh Defty strips completely NAKED for seriously sexy snap before showcasing her ample chest in tiny bikini  She shed her clothes  'May The Fourth be with you!' Billie Lourd posts sweet throwback snap with late mom Carrie Fisher to celebrate Star Wars Day Flashback Time to celebrate! Paris Jackson enjoys stroll in NYC after grabbing bite to eat as it's revealed she will star in new film alongside Joel Edgerton TOWIE's Amber Turner sizzles in skimpy bralet and shorts at Megan McKenna's restaurant opening... after stormy reaction to Dan Edgar and Lauren Pope Zoe Saldana and Jaime King discuss their sons, vaccines, and women's health at Global Moms Relay Joined by Laura Dern at the feminist function Which one's Bradley? Cooper chats to his lookalike body double as filming continues on new biopic A Star Is Born with Lady Gaga In action 'Incredibly insensitive': Chris Pratt apologizes in sign language to hearing impaired people for his 'ignorant' comments about subtitles Apologised Cannes spends millions boosting security ahead of film festival in the wake of French terror attacks Ensuring the event is secure Pregnant British Olympic star Laura Kenny, 25, will ban mobiles and games consoles to ensure her first child 'doesn't sit on sofa all day'  EXCLUSIVE: Dolly Parton tells how she cheated on her husband, almost killed herself and her famous boobs are implant free (but lifted) in new book Not even once? Lea Michele swears she's NEVER eaten fast food as she details her love of 'big, healthy meals' and red wine Healthy living  Dakota Blue Richards lives up to her name in a powdery turquoise floor length gown showcasing her slender frame at the Alien: Covenant world premiere in London Back in her skinny jeans! Mila Kunis looks fit on the Atlanta set of A Bad Mom's Christmas... five months after welcoming son Dimitri Bouncing back New dad Liam Payne looks exhausted as he steps out in London... after confirming son's unusual name as Bear Welcomed his first child in March Dreadlock rock star! Rihanna steps out with dreads again to do some re-shoots for Ocean's Eight... after new possible romance Rumours Zoe Kravitz cuts a chic figure in taupe trousers with casual oversized cream sweater during errands run in New York City  Tomboy chic Fashion's cool kids! Doutzen Kroes, husband Sunnery James and their children are style sensations as they step out in New York Whole family outing Make-up free Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off age-defying complexion as she is uncharacteristically low-key in a tracksuit during Beverly Hills outing They're having a girl! Bachelor vets Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert reveal they're expecting a daughter as she shares ultrasound picture 'We have a lot in common now': Penny Lancaster reveals she's friendly with husband Rod Stewart's ex-wife Rachel Hunter... after they both 'grew up' Gaz Beadle's bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey flaunts her pert derriere in steamy bedroom snap as they continue sun-soaked Australian getaway What jet lag? Rita Ora ditches her strange tracksuit in place of figure enhancing jeans as she steps out in London... having flown in from New York earlier Why Andrew will be the Queen's new Plus One: ANDREW PIERCE explains how Her Majesty's second son has emerged as a key figure in 'Team Windsor' The finest consort since Prince Albert: They both elevated young Queens to greatness. ROBERT HARDMAN reveals that's just one parallel 'I am grateful and humbled': Survivor transgender contestant Zeke Smith thanks fans for 'outpouring of love' as he's eliminated from reality show Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen don wide-leg pantsuits for Studio in a School bash in NYC Ashleyis more classic and twin sister Mary-Kate is more funky Lady Marmalade! Poppy Delevingne flaunts her leggy frame as she celebrates her 31st birthday in lavish Moulin Rouge inspired bash with family 'We go to couple's therapy:' Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals his secrets to their happy marriage Rock solid Konnichi-wow! Lottie Moss flaunts her enviably lean legs in a white skater dress with sexy mesh panels as she storms the runway in Japan She's got the late-X Factor! Louisa Johnson flaunts her peachy derriere in skintight trousers and a quirky denim blouse X Factor winner Miami heat! Ex-MIC star Caggie Dunlop displays a hint of sideboob as she sunbathes in sexy cut-out swimsuit to celebrate turning 28 . New mother Amy Childs is using her daughter's PLACENTA as a beauty product after having it turned into face cream Rich in collagen Don't go in Seine! Tom Cruise zips through the streets of Paris on a motorbike as he shoots high-octane scenes for Mission: Impossible 6 He does his own stunts Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she steps out of her home in a gingham dress as her daughter Arabella kindly passes out doughnuts to Secret Service agents Ex On The Beach's Nicole Bass shows off her bikini body as she shares an array of snaps from break with love rat boyfriend Jacques Fraser 'I destroy lives': Stephanie Davis QUITS drinking for sake of her relationship with Jeremy McConnell... after he BLOCKS her over incoherent 'cheat' tweet Amber Rose keeps it low-key as she dotes on sweet son Seb during magical day out at The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Back on mummy duty 'Stop getting drunk!' Hysterical Holly Willoughby gets tipsy on a margarita on This Morning... after retching when Phillip Schofield eats INSECTS Make-up free Lily Collins swaps glamour for comfort in jeans and simple tee as she touches down at LAX... after dramatic Gothic inspired Met Gala look David Bowie unleashed: New exhibition unveils rare and never-before-seen photos of Life On Mars singer taken in 2002 New images All hail! Natalie Portman takes to the streets of London as she shoots dramatic new scenes in the pouring rain for upcoming movie Charlie Hunnam discovers his true legacy as he goes to war with Jude Law in action-packed new trailer for King Arthur: Legend of the Sword Busty Mariah Carey oozes sex appeal in plunging lace-up thigh-skimming dress as she parties the night away... after admitting she's close to ex Nick Cannon Still in raptures about Blondie: New album Pollinator proves she's still the bee's knees, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  Top performer 'I take care of my mind, body and spirit!': General Hospital vet Kristina Wagner, 54, looks ripped as she poses for the FIRST time in a bikini Anything you can do! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, steps out with new model 'beau' Younes Bendjima, 23... as ex Scott Disick is linked to British beauty, 19 Rita Ora masks her stunning figure beneath bizarre orange tracksuit while arriving in London from NYC... days after getting close with Diplo at Met Gala after-party PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: TOWIE star Jamie Reed's model girlfriend Jade Lewis sizzles in a bikini as they put on a VERY steamy display during Mallorca getaway 'I never really saw him out of costume' Brenton Thwaites reveals Johnny Depp remained in character throughout filming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Simon Cowell's adorable son Eric, 3, is in his element as he goes for a run through the park while delighted mother Lauren Silverman looks on EXCLUSIVE: Whoopi Goldberg demands $3.5 million, an executive producer title and her nemesis ABC executive fired - in exchange for her return to The View' Hot wheels! Christina El Moussa takes her $190k Bentley for a spin as she gears up for another season of Flip or Flop with ex Tarek  Busy lady 'I check myself obsessively': Coleen Nolan has constant cancer fears over family's tragic history... as she sobs at ball in memory of Bernie 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks about quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Jean-ius or disaster? Ashley Benson wears double denim embracing the tough-to-wear style Seemed as cool as ice as she stepped out in Beverly Hills Kate Garraway wells up as her children surprise her on GMB for her 50th... whilst her co-hosts treat her with a pair of GIANT knickers and a very cringy video Queen is joined by the Duke of Edinburgh for a service at St James's Palace - as they announce his retirement leaving the monarch to perform duties alone 70 years and 22,191 engagements: How Prince Philip has been the Queen's 'rock' since their fairytale wedding, becoming one of the hardest working royals 'I declare this thing open, whatever it is': The gaffe-prone Duke who often said what he shouldn't (although the public loved him for it)  He's uncensored  It's Raining, mum! Make-up free Geri Horner braves the drizzle in hooded jacket to take her baby son Monty out for a stroll in his pram Will that be a Taken-away sir? Liam Neeson makes surprise stop at Canada sandwich shop after staff offered the Hollywood star a free meal Bleary-eyed Nicola McLean appears to have suffered a spill as she departs Megan McKenna's restaurant launch with stained trousers  Wet and wild! Rumer Willis sets pulses racing as she strips off to enjoy a steamy lesbian bathtub romp with co-star Serayah McNeill on hit show Empire Fur-free FLOTUS? Melania Trump gushes over 'beautiful' Russian faux-fur coat she received from Pamela Anderson in 'sweet' thank-you note 'Celebrating her life': Happy Days cast reunite at Erin Moran memorial after Scott Baio controversially attributed her cancer death to drugs Ed Sheeran is led on a pub crawl by Saoirse Ronan as she shows off her dance moves, downs pints and tattoos the singer in wild video for hit song Galway Girl Joanna Krupa flaunts her enviable physique in super-skinny jeans and a backless top as she grabs dinner in LA She's never been afraid to flaunt her figure  'It's so petty, it's so childish!': Matt Lauer gets annoyed with Ellen DeGeneres after she has a Savannah Guthrie impersonator scare him Prank war Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out to meet dad Mohamed for a dinner date in NYC The sisters reunited with family Jasmin Walia looks every inch the Baywatch babe as she flaunts her assets and pert derriere in plunging red swimwear on Spanish beach She rear-ly doesn't care: Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation as she sends a subtle hint to body shamers Tantric sex and the city? Sting lists his Manhattan penthouse for $56m - where he and Trudie Styler have his-and-her baths and fur throws in their bedroom She means business! Queen Letizia of Spain looks sharp in a leather pencil skirt as she arrives at an exhibition in Madrid  Spanish royal Sophie's whirlwind week! The Countess of Wessex takes on ANOTHER engagement in Berkshire just hours after flying back to the UK from Estonia  Ex On The Beer! Leggy Jemma Lucy sports JUST a T-shirt as she enjoys a drink in the sunshine with 'former flame' Charlotte Dawson Girls' get together 'Down for a good time!' Courtney Stodden teases men to 'impress her' with busty selfies on dating website where bachelors PAY to date her... following divorce 'I felt like a lone voice': Denise Welch candidly discusses her battle with clinical depression as she admits making a film about her condition left her in tears Make-up free Kate Upton sports a feminist slogan sweater as she catches a flight out of LAX with her pet pooch Harley  Making a statement Barefaced beauty Elizabeth Olsen flaunts her enviably lean legs in tiny denim shorts as she hits the shops She's been hard at work on the Avengers film 'That wiped the smile away!' TOWIE viewers SLAM disgruntled Amber Turner as she glares at Dan Edgar's cosy display with Lauren Pope Real Housewives of Cheshire star Leanne Brown sips bubbly as she maintains her pert posterior by having suction cups attached to 'reposition melted fat' Sexy senorita! Flirty Salma Hayek, 50, flaunts her buxom age-defying physique in a colourful floral dress for How To Be A Latin Lover premiere in Mexico City The Bold-win and the beautiful! Leggy Hailey turns heads in bright yellow minidress and seriously racy PVC thigh-high boots for dinner Her boys! Sharon Stone, 59, brings her sons to premiere of her new film A Little Something for Your Birthday A family affair The spy who lost the plot: Who can you trust? Who cares in the messy, convoluted thriller, Unlocked, writes BRIAN VINER Convoluted Belle of the ball Catherine Zeta-Jones dazzles in a strapless purple gown as she takes to the stage to sing at tribute concert honouring Jimmy Webb Stephanie Davis posts worryingly incoherent 'cheat' tweet while on holiday with Jeremy McConnell... just a day after revealing they want baby number two I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he steps out for a stroll in London  New look 'I wasn't invited!' Paddy McGuinness was SNUBBED from Take Me Out couple's wedding... as smitten pair gush about 'the best day of their lives' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures rises as Fed downplays economic weakness US STOCKS-Futures rises as Fed downplays economic weakness Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 04, 2017 17:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures up: Dow 55 pts, S&P 6.25 pts, Nasdaq 17 pts By Tanya Agrawal May 4 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were higher on Thursday, a day after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and expressed confidence in the strength of the economy. * In a bullish statement, the central bank emphasized the strength of the labor market and said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target. * Futures traders are now pricing in a 72 percent chance of rate hike in June, up from 63 percent before the Fed issued its statement, according to the CME Group's FedWatch Tool. * Shares of banks, that benefit in a rising rate environment, were higher in premarket trading. Bank of America , JPMorgan and Citigroup were up about 0.5 percent. * Sentiment also got a boost after signs that centrist Emmanuel Macron was heading for victory in France's presidential election and from another round of strong quarterly reports from U.S. corporates. * Earnings of S&P 500 companies have generally come in above expectations, pushing the benchmark index to within a percent of its all-time high. * First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have increased 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Facebook reported surging quarterly profit and revenue, but its shares fell 1 percent to $150.21 as investors showed some nervousness about future earnings. * Tesla was down 1.6 percent at $306 after the electric-car maker posted a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss. * Viacom rose 2.9 percent to $40.40 after the media company's results came in above expectations. * Dunkin' Brands fell 1.5 percent to $55.50 after it said sales at Dunkin' Donuts U.S. stores were flat. * Square rose 4.5 percent to $19.10 as the payments company raised its earnings forecast. * Economic data due Thursday includes a report that is likely to show trade balance deficit widened in March, compared with February. The data is due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT). * Another report is expected to show 10,000 fewer Americans filed for unemployment benefits last week than the week before. Futures snapshot at 6:58 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 55 points, or 0.26 percent, with 14,303 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 6.25 points, or 0.26 percent, with 82,323 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 17 points, or 0.3 percent, on volume of 16,997 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28160.00 (-1.16%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27900.00 (-1.06%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28020.00 (-1.23%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27300.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27150.00 (-0.91%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27580.00 (-1.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Finance Donald Trump vows to mediate peace between Israel, Palestine Business Standard HSBC profit surpasses estimates on improved core operations, capital boost However, against expectations, firm rules out dividend hike and buybacks Reuters  |  Hong Kong/London  May 4, 2017 Last Updated at 16:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVe0AB ALSO READ HSBC warns of gloomy outlook in Britain, reports capital boost HSBC's India headcount rises by 4,000 to reach 37,000 despite global drop HSBC's 2016 pre-tax profit falls 62%; sets new $1 billion share buy-back HSBC breaks with tradition, names AIA boss Tucker as chairman HSBC share run stumbles on writedowns, tough outlook HSBC Holdings Plc reported a better than expected first-quarter profit and capital position on Thursday, benefiting from an improved performance from its core operations and the return of cash from its US unit. The bank's common equity tier 1 ratio — a key measure of its financial strength — was 14.3 per cent at the end of the March quarter, up from 11.9 per cent in the same period last year and better than the 13.7 per cent expected by analysts. HSBC's shares rose 3 per cent in London on Thursday, outperforming a 1 per cent rise in the STOXX European banks index and following an earlier 2 per cent rise in Hong Kong. HSBC is still Europe's biggest bank despite slimming down in recent years. Along with US rivals such as JPMorgan and Citi, it remains one of a handful of players to offer retail and investment banking services across the globe. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Iain Mackay ruled out a fresh share buyback in the short term as a means of using some of its excess capital, after the bank said it completed a previously announced $1 billion share buy-back in April. "We've just finished one, we need to catch our breath a little bit," Mackay told Reuters on Thursday. Mackay also reiterated the bank's stance that it will hold its dividend steady for now, quashing shareholders' hopes that the lender's robust capital levels would see it boost payouts. HSBC is expected to receive a further capital boost as it repatriates some $8 billion currently stuck in its US subsidiary, following approval by the Federal Reserve last year of its plans to begin the process. Mackay however said the bank's deferred prosecution agreement with the US Department of Justice may complicate those plans, confirming a Reuters report last September.. Addressing another of the issues facing major banks, HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Profit Decline Shareholders at the bank's annual meeting last week overwhelmingly voted in favour of re-electing Gulliver to the lender's board, in an affirmation of his strategy in recent years to shrink and refocus the bank. Gulliver and outgoing Chairman Douglas Flint have sought to unwind much of the empire-building of their predecessors since their appointments in 2010 — a response to a tough environment of low interest rates and increased regulation. Flint will be replaced by AIA Group boss Mark Tucker in October, while Gulliver is due to leave next year. HSBC said pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $5 billion, down from $6.1 billion a year ago but better than the $4.3 billion expected on average by analysts according to the bank's own survey. The profit decline was due to a change in the accounting treatment of the fair value on its debt and because its year-ago earnings included the operating results of the Brazil business that it sold in July, HSBC said. Revenue in the quarter dropped 13 per cent to $13 billion. However, the bank's adjusted profit before tax, excluding the exceptional items, rose 12 per cent in the quarter to $5.9 billion. In the first quarter HSBC said it had increased customer lending by 17 per cent over the same period last year and assets under management by 15 per cent in China's Pearl River Delta, a key plank of the management duo's strategy to refocus on Asia. Reuters reported earlier this month the bank's progress in attracting individual customers in the region has been slower than planned. In response to a question on the matter, HSBC's Mackay said the bank is not close to where it wants to be on that growth but is making good progress expanding loans and mortgages. Read More On Hsbc | Hsbc Results | Hsbc Holdings | Equity Tier 1 Ratio | Hsbc Profit | Buybacks | Capital Boost | Cash | London | Jpmorgan | Citi | Stoxx | Pearl River Delta | Mackay | Loans | Mortgages | Federal Reserve | International | Finance PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep HSBC profit surpasses estimates on improved core operations, capital boost However, against expectations, firm rules out dividend hike and buybacks However, against expectations, firm rules out dividend hike and buybacks HSBC Holdings Plc reported a better than expected first-quarter profit and capital position on Thursday, benefiting from an improved performance from its core operations and the return of cash from its US unit. The bank's common equity tier 1 ratio — a key measure of its financial strength — was 14.3 per cent at the end of the March quarter, up from 11.9 per cent in the same period last year and better than the 13.7 per cent expected by analysts. HSBC's shares rose 3 per cent in London on Thursday, outperforming a 1 per cent rise in the STOXX European banks index and following an earlier 2 per cent rise in Hong Kong. HSBC is still Europe's biggest bank despite slimming down in recent years. Along with US rivals such as JPMorgan and Citi, it remains one of a handful of players to offer retail and investment banking services across the globe. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Iain Mackay ruled out a fresh share buyback in the short term as a means of using some of its excess capital, after the bank said it completed a previously announced $1 billion share buy-back in April. "We've just finished one, we need to catch our breath a little bit," Mackay told Reuters on Thursday. Mackay also reiterated the bank's stance that it will hold its dividend steady for now, quashing shareholders' hopes that the lender's robust capital levels would see it boost payouts. HSBC is expected to receive a further capital boost as it repatriates some $8 billion currently stuck in its US subsidiary, following approval by the Federal Reserve last year of its plans to begin the process. Mackay however said the bank's deferred prosecution agreement with the US Department of Justice may complicate those plans, confirming a Reuters report last September.. Addressing another of the issues facing major banks, HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Profit Decline Shareholders at the bank's annual meeting last week overwhelmingly voted in favour of re-electing Gulliver to the lender's board, in an affirmation of his strategy in recent years to shrink and refocus the bank. Gulliver and outgoing Chairman Douglas Flint have sought to unwind much of the empire-building of their predecessors since their appointments in 2010 — a response to a tough environment of low interest rates and increased regulation. Flint will be replaced by AIA Group boss Mark Tucker in October, while Gulliver is due to leave next year. HSBC said pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $5 billion, down from $6.1 billion a year ago but better than the $4.3 billion expected on average by analysts according to the bank's own survey. The profit decline was due to a change in the accounting treatment of the fair value on its debt and because its year-ago earnings included the operating results of the Brazil business that it sold in July, HSBC said. Revenue in the quarter dropped 13 per cent to $13 billion. However, the bank's adjusted profit before tax, excluding the exceptional items, rose 12 per cent in the quarter to $5.9 billion. In the first quarter HSBC said it had increased customer lending by 17 per cent over the same period last year and assets under management by 15 per cent in China's Pearl River Delta, a key plank of the management duo's strategy to refocus on Asia. Reuters reported earlier this month the bank's progress in attracting individual customers in the region has been slower than planned. In response to a question on the matter, HSBC's Mackay said the bank is not close to where it wants to be on that growth but is making good progress expanding loans and mortgages. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 HSBC profit surpasses estimates on improved core operations, capital boost However, against expectations, firm rules out dividend hike and buybacks HSBC Holdings Plc reported a better than expected first-quarter profit and capital position on Thursday, benefiting from an improved performance from its core operations and the return of cash from its US unit. The bank's common equity tier 1 ratio — a key measure of its financial strength — was 14.3 per cent at the end of the March quarter, up from 11.9 per cent in the same period last year and better than the 13.7 per cent expected by analysts. HSBC's shares rose 3 per cent in London on Thursday, outperforming a 1 per cent rise in the STOXX European banks index and following an earlier 2 per cent rise in Hong Kong. HSBC is still Europe's biggest bank despite slimming down in recent years. Along with US rivals such as JPMorgan and Citi, it remains one of a handful of players to offer retail and investment banking services across the globe. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Iain Mackay ruled out a fresh share buyback in the short term as a means of using some of its excess capital, after the bank said it completed a previously announced $1 billion share buy-back in April. "We've just finished one, we need to catch our breath a little bit," Mackay told Reuters on Thursday. Mackay also reiterated the bank's stance that it will hold its dividend steady for now, quashing shareholders' hopes that the lender's robust capital levels would see it boost payouts. HSBC is expected to receive a further capital boost as it repatriates some $8 billion currently stuck in its US subsidiary, following approval by the Federal Reserve last year of its plans to begin the process. Mackay however said the bank's deferred prosecution agreement with the US Department of Justice may complicate those plans, confirming a Reuters report last September.. Addressing another of the issues facing major banks, HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Profit Decline Shareholders at the bank's annual meeting last week overwhelmingly voted in favour of re-electing Gulliver to the lender's board, in an affirmation of his strategy in recent years to shrink and refocus the bank. Gulliver and outgoing Chairman Douglas Flint have sought to unwind much of the empire-building of their predecessors since their appointments in 2010 — a response to a tough environment of low interest rates and increased regulation. Flint will be replaced by AIA Group boss Mark Tucker in October, while Gulliver is due to leave next year. HSBC said pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $5 billion, down from $6.1 billion a year ago but better than the $4.3 billion expected on average by analysts according to the bank's own survey. The profit decline was due to a change in the accounting treatment of the fair value on its debt and because its year-ago earnings included the operating results of the Brazil business that it sold in July, HSBC said. Revenue in the quarter dropped 13 per cent to $13 billion. However, the bank's adjusted profit before tax, excluding the exceptional items, rose 12 per cent in the quarter to $5.9 billion. In the first quarter HSBC said it had increased customer lending by 17 per cent over the same period last year and assets under management by 15 per cent in China's Pearl River Delta, a key plank of the management duo's strategy to refocus on Asia. Reuters reported earlier this month the bank's progress in attracting individual customers in the region has been slower than planned. In response to a question on the matter, HSBC's Mackay said the bank is not close to where it wants to be on that growth but is making good progress expanding loans and mortgages. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BNP Paribas SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Centerra Gold Inc. (CG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Constellation Software Inc. (CSU) Price Target Raised to C$700.00 Dorel Industries Inc (DII.B) Earns Sector Perform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Altus Group’s (AIF) Buy Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Citigroup Inc Analysts Give BNP Paribas SA (BNP) a €74.50 Price Target Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Gerry Weber International AG (GWI1) Given a €10.50 Price Target at Hauck & Aufhaeuser Scotiabank Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Aritzia Inc (ATZ) West Oak Capital LLC Continues to Hold Stake in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Bridges Investment Management Inc. Sells 908 Shares of Walt Disney Co (DIS) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Peachtree Investment Advisors Inc. Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR Continues to Hold Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Rathbone Brothers plc Has $12 Million Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Bridges Investment Counsel Inc. Increases Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Equitable Group Inc. (EQB) PT Lowered to C$61.00 B. Riley Weighs in on VF Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (VFC) Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Rating Reiterated by MKM Partners AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) PT Raised to $26.00 Citigroup Inc Analysts Give BNP Paribas SA (BNP) a €74.50 Price Target May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) has been given a €74.50 ($80.98) target price by stock analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research note issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a €69.00 ($75.00) target price on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. S&P Global set a €77.00 ($83.70) target price on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €79.00 ($85.87) target price on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €62.00 ($67.39) target price on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €71.06 ($77.24) target price on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €64.12 ($69.70). BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) opened at 66.27 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of €82.59 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.04. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €61.42 and its 200-day moving average price is €58.45. BNP Paribas SA has a one year low of €35.27 and a one year high of €68.40. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/citigroup-inc-analysts-give-bnp-paribas-sa-bnp-a-74-50-price-target.html. About BNP Paribas SA BNP Paribas SA is a France-based company engaged in the financial industry. The Company provides banking and financial services. The Company operates in two divisions: Retail Banking and Services, and Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB). The Retail Banking and Services division includes retail banking networks and specialized financial services in France and abroad. Receive News & Ratings for BNP Paribas SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Rating Reiterated by MKM Partners AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) PT Raised to $26.00 Consort Medical plc (CSRMY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Becker Capital Management Inc. CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) PT Raised to $141.00 Vectren Corp (VVC) Position Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 23,597 Shares of DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Searle & CO. Invests $1.998 Million in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Stake Increased by Macquarie Group Ltd. Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.79 Per Share St. James's Place plc (STJ) PT Raised to GBX 1,205 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates Add Rating for RPS Group plc (RPS) Cinemark Holdings (CNK) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 8,249 Shares of AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $2.057 Million Stake in Two Harbors Investment Corp (TWO) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $2.042 Million Stake in Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Stake Cut by Lincluden Management Ltd. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. They currently have a $23.00 price objective on the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock. Cantor Fitzgerald’s price target indicates a potential upside of 12.20% from the company’s current price. The analysts wrote, “When no news may be good news. With the sNDA for the Makena auto-injector filed in April, we believe the best that investors might hope for is no commentary from AMAG until FDA approval. Any deviation from what we view as a tight timeline (4Q17 approval and Makena Orphan exclusivity expiration February 3, 2018), could raise concerns about the franchise’s durability, in our opinion. Needle-moving ability of new maternal health assets remains to be determined. We previously published our thoughts on bremelanotide and Intrarosa, valuing the former at ~$7 per share and the latter at ~$1 per share. AMAG anticipates launching Intrarosa in the mid-2017 supported by a new 150- person sales force. Daily dosing will offset any advantage absence of a black box warning on the label might confer, in our opinion.”” AMAG has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $24.00 price objective on AMAG Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reissued an “underperform” rating on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals in a report on Monday, January 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered AMAG Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $40.00 price objective on AMAG Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott initiated coverage on AMAG Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $45.00 price objective for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $31.11. AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) opened at 20.50 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $22.78 and its 200-day moving average is $26.50. AMAG Pharmaceuticals has a 12 month low of $17.92 and a 12 month high of $36.83. The stock’s market cap is $703.95 million. AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($1.06) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $1.15. The company had revenue of $139.47 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $150.32 million. AMAG Pharmaceuticals had a return on equity of 11.10% and a net margin of 3.12%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 27.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.22) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that AMAG Pharmaceuticals will post $6.10 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/amag-pharmaceuticals-inc-amag-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-cantor-fitzgerald.html. In other news, SVP Julie Krop sold 1,891 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.45, for a total value of $46,234.95. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 36,777 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $899,197.65. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 2.30% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its position in AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 1.4% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 14,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $316,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its position in AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 2.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 9,686 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 244 shares in the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its position in AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 20.8% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,520 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 777 shares in the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 5.8% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 18,380 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $640,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 2.2% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 53,339 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,307,000 after buying an additional 1,130 shares in the last quarter. AMAG Pharmaceuticals Company Profile AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company’s segment is the manufacture, development and commercialization of products and services for use in treating various conditions, with a focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care. Its offerings focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care, including its product, Makena (hydroxyprogesterone caproate injection); services related to the collection, processing and storage of umbilical cord blood stem cell and cord tissue units operated through Cord Blood Registry (CBR); its product, Feraheme (ferumoxytol), for intravenous (IV) use, and MuGard Mucoadhesive Oral Wound Rinse. Receive News & Ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home General Election 2017 Economy Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video HSBC posts surprise capital boost but rules out dividend hike, buybacks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Banks | Thu May 4, 2017 | 10:56am BST HSBC posts surprise capital boost but rules out dividend hike, buybacks FILE PHOTO: People walk past a major branch of HSBC at the financial Central district in Hong Kong, China February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo By Sumeet Chatterjee and Lawrence White | HONG KONG/LONDON HONG KONG/LONDON HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA.L) reported a better than expected first-quarter profit and capital position on Thursday, benefiting from an improved performance from its core operations and the return of cash from its U.S. unit. The bank's common equity tier 1 ratio -- a key measure of its financial strength -- was 14.3 percent at the end of the March quarter, up from 11.9 percent in the same period last year and better than the 13.7 percent expected by analysts. HSBC's shares rose 3 percent in London on Thursday, outperforming a 1 percent rise in the STOXX European banks index .SX7P and following an earlier 2 percent rise in Hong Kong. HSBC is still Europe's biggest bank despite slimming down in recent years. Along with U.S. rivals such as JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Citi (C.N), it remains one of a handful of players to offer retail and investment banking services across the globe. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Iain Mackay ruled out a fresh share buyback in the short term as a means of using some of its excess capital, after the bank said it completed a previously announced $1 billion (£775.4 million) share buy-back in April. "We've just finished one, we need to catch our breath a little bit," Mackay told Reuters on Thursday. Mackay also reiterated the bank's stance that it will hold its dividend steady for now, quashing shareholders' hopes that the lender's robust capital levels would see it boost payouts. HSBC is expected to receive a further capital boost as it repatriates some $8 billion currently stuck in its U.S. subsidiary, following approval by the Federal Reserve last year of its plans to begin the process. Mackay however said the bank's deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice may complicate those plans, confirming a Reuters report last September.. Addressing another of the issues facing major banks, HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. PROFIT DECLINE Shareholders at the bank's annual meeting last week overwhelmingly voted in favour of re-electing Gulliver to the lender's board, in an affirmation of his strategy in recent years to shrink and refocus the bank. Gulliver and outgoing Chairman Douglas Flint have sought to unwind much of the empire-building of their predecessors since their appointments in 2010 - a response to a tough environment of low interest rates and increased regulation. Flint will be replaced by AIA Group (1299.HK) boss Mark Tucker in October, while Gulliver is due to leave next year. HSBC said pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $5 billion, down from $6.1 billion a year ago but better than the $4.3 billion expected on average by analysts according to the bank's own survey. The profit decline was due to a change in the accounting treatment of the fair value on its debt and because its year-ago earnings included the operating results of the Brazil business that it sold in July, HSBC said. Revenue in the quarter dropped 13 percent to $13 billion. However, the bank's adjusted profit before tax, excluding the exceptional items, rose 12 percent in the quarter to $5.9 billion. In the first quarter HSBC said it had increased customer lending by 17 percent over the same period last year and assets under management by 15 percent in China's Pearl River Delta, a key plank of the management duo's strategy to refocus on Asia. Reuters reported earlier this month the bank's progress in attracting individual customers in the region has been slower than planned. In response to a question on the matter, HSBC's Mackay said the bank is not close to where it wants to be on that growth but is making good progress expanding loans and mortgages. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Lawrence White; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Keith Weir) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Banks Standard Chartered says retail banking business in UAE picking up DUBAI Standard Chartered's [STANB.UL] banking business in the United Arab Emirates is performing much better than last year, helped by growing consumer confidence, the bank's head of retail clients in the UAE said on Thursday. Spanish court to question former HSBC executives in tax probe MADRID Spain's High Court is to question seven former executives from HSBC's Swiss private bank as part of an investigation into alleged money laundering and tax fraud triggered by tax information leaks from former employee Herve Falciani. SocGen to pay $1.1 billion to end Libyan wealth fund row PARIS Societe Generale avoided a costly and potentially embarrassing court case on Thursday by agreeing to pay nearly 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) to settle a long-running dispute with the Libyan Investment Authority (LIA). MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Special reports: THE IDEA FACTORY PROSPER Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Opinion Edit This Silicon Valley Democrat has a $1 trillion idea to help the working class. It won't work. James Pethokoukis AP Photo/Zach Gibson May 4, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles Today's top cartoons The good news newsletter The week's best photojournalism Daily business briefing Give Hillary Clinton this: She may have a run a lackluster and uninspiring presidential campaign, but it wasn't idea-free. Far from it. Her website included more than three dozen issue areas, each containing numerous policy proposals and lengthy white papers. Surely you remember many of them: Free college. Medicare for all. Breaking up the big banks. A trillion-dollar infrastructure plan. Fight for 15! Actually, of course, those weren't her ideas. You know that because those ideas are memorable. Clinton's small-ball policies — whatever their wonky merits — lacked a certain stickiness and excitement. Meanwhile, Trump was talking about The Wall, killing trade deals, replacing ObamaCare with "something terrific," and a $10 trillion tax cut. Of course the Trump "plans" weren't much more detailed than bullet points, not that voters cared. But don't expect Democrats to let Republicans out-ideate them again. They seem ready to go big and bold with ideas to help workers deal with globalization, automation, and inequality. Maybe the next Democratic presidential nominee will support single-payer health care and breaking up JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs. Maybe they'll even favor the current hot policy idea on the left, a universal basic income. If there's support for a UBI, it might look like a new proposal from Ro Khanna, a first-term congressman from Silicon Valley. He's fashioning a bill that would greatly expand the Earned Income Tax Credit, the federal wage subsidy. The EITC is a great antipoverty program that both raises living standards and encourages work for millions of Americans. The embryonic Khanna plan would basically double the current maximum credit for families to $12,000 from roughly $5,500 and to $6,000 from about $500 for childless workers. So an estimated trillion-dollar expansion of a program that, as is, will cost nearly a trillion dollars over the next decade. As Khanna told The Atlantic recently: The fruits of the economy and all the advantages of technology and globalization have gone far more to the investor class and the professional class and not as much to the working class. … That's where this idea of a trillion-dollar proposal came from. We would give a 20 percent raise to the bottom 20 percent of households in the income distribution, to compensate them for the stagnancy of wages since 1979. [Khanna, via The Atlantic] This definitely qualifies as big and bold. While folks on the left and right have supported some expansion of the EITC, none of them proposed anything as massive as this. For instance, former President Obama and House Speaker Paul Ryan have proposed doubling the maximum earnings subsidy to $1,000 for childless workers. So it's not surprising that a plan of this magnitude is unlikely to become law anytime soon, at least not with Republicans in charge of Washington. Debt hawks would attack it for its cost (an argument less persuasive if Republicans vote for massive tax cuts that lose trillions). And small-government types would complain about the existing program's wastefulness. The IRS estimates the EITC has a 22 to 26 percent improper payment rate, which Republicans call a "fraud" rate. So the Super EITC has political problems, which Khanna is aware of — yet he still thinks a future Democratic president might actually sign such a bill. But it also has policy problems. The EITC tries to help poorer Americans by nudging people into the workforce by making work pay better. Khanna's dramatic increase goes far beyond what's needed to make that happen. Second, it pretty transparently tries to turn the EITC into a proto-basic income plan. Which is not surprising. Many in Silicon Valley are worried about tech progress creating mass tech unemployment. And some see UBI as eventually a necessary safety net expansion, not to mention protection against an anti-tech backlash. Likewise, many proponents on the left see it as a logical progression of the welfare state. But that seems premature. The history of automation is one of difficult transitions but eventually greater prosperity and opportunity for most. This time may be different, of course. Forecasts show a great range of possible job-market outcomes over the next few decades. For now, a better policy would be to make sure workers are prepared for the jobs of the future and that employment opportunities are more evenly spread across America. So maybe increase the EITC benefit for childless workers, and then move to other ideas to help workers, such as modernized work-based training programs. Khanna favors that, as well as some regional pro-growth initiatives such as putting more federal agencies and jobs in states outside Washington. There are folks on the right who like both those ideas. Big and bold proposals are great, but they often don't happen — especially when only one sides likes them. And they often sacrifice soundness for sexiness. Maybe we just need more smaller but achievable plans. Time for some regional pro-growth initiatives! Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More Perspectives Damon Linker The coming populist fury Ryan Cooper Paul Ryan's American carnage SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More from James Pethokoukis See All Trump's tax plan that wasn't James Pethokoukis Don't break up the airlines. Bring more in. James Pethokoukis Will Trump's populism turn America into Venezuela? James Pethokoukis Most popular See All 1 Pence tells crowd at Cinco de Mayo party Trump has made Latinos 'a priority' Catherine Garcia 2 Trevor Noah searches for anybody who actually likes the Republican health-care bill Peter Weber 3 Seth Meyers is here to remind Paul Ryan how he used to feel about rushed health-care bills Catherine Garcia Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad HSBC posts surprise capital boost but rules out dividend hike, buybacks By Reuters Published: 05:56 EDT, 4 May 2017 | Updated: 05:56 EDT, 4 May 2017 e-mail By Sumeet Chatterjee and Lawrence White HONG KONG/LONDON, May 4 (Reuters) - HSBC Holdings Plc reported a better than expected first-quarter profit and capital position on Thursday, benefiting from an improved performance from its core operations and the return of cash from its U.S. unit. The bank's common equity tier 1 ratio -- a key measure of its financial strength -- was 14.3 percent at the end of the March quarter, up from 11.9 percent in the same period last year and better than the 13.7 percent expected by analysts. HSBC's shares rose 3 percent in London on Thursday, outperforming a 1 percent rise in the STOXX European banks index and following an earlier 2 percent rise in Hong Kong. HSBC is still Europe's biggest bank despite slimming down in recent years. Along with U.S. rivals such as JPMorgan and Citi, it remains one of a handful of players to offer retail and investment banking services across the globe. HSBC Chief Financial Officer Iain Mackay ruled out a fresh share buyback in the short term as a means of using some of its excess capital, after the bank said it completed a previously announced $1 billion share buy-back in April. "We've just finished one, we need to catch our breath a little bit," Mackay told Reuters on Thursday. Mackay also reiterated the bank's stance that it will hold its dividend steady for now, quashing shareholders' hopes that the lender's robust capital levels would see it boost payouts. HSBC is expected to receive a further capital boost as it repatriates some $8 billion currently stuck in its U.S. subsidiary, following approval by the Federal Reserve last year of its plans to begin the process. Mackay however said the bank's deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice may complicate those plans, confirming a Reuters report last September. . Addressing another of the issues facing major banks, HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. PROFIT DECLINE Shareholders at the bank's annual meeting last week overwhelmingly voted in favour of re-electing Gulliver to the lender's board, in an affirmation of his strategy in recent years to shrink and refocus the bank. Gulliver and outgoing Chairman Douglas Flint have sought to unwind much of the empire-building of their predecessors since their appointments in 2010 - a response to a tough environment of low interest rates and increased regulation. Flint will be replaced by AIA Group boss Mark Tucker in October, while Gulliver is due to leave next year. HSBC said pretax profit for the first three months of the year fell to $5 billion, down from $6.1 billion a year ago but better than the $4.3 billion expected on average by analysts according to the bank's own survey. The profit decline was due to a change in the accounting treatment of the fair value on its debt and because its year-ago earnings included the operating results of the Brazil business that it sold in July, HSBC said. Revenue in the quarter dropped 13 percent to $13 billion. However, the bank's adjusted profit before tax, excluding the exceptional items, rose 12 percent in the quarter to $5.9 billion. In the first quarter HSBC said it had increased customer lending by 17 percent over the same period last year and assets under management by 15 percent in China's Pearl River Delta, a key plank of the management duo's strategy to refocus on Asia. Reuters reported earlier this month the bank's progress in attracting individual customers in the region has been slower than planned. In response to a question on the matter, HSBC's Mackay said the bank is not close to where it wants to be on that growth but is making good progress expanding loans and mortgages. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Lawrence White; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Keith Weir) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Pippa and her fiance James make their FIRST official public appearance together at a charity ball two weeks before their wedding Looking svelte Booty-ful day! Kim Kardashian goes casual cool as she shows off famous derriere in sweatpants while filming KUWTK in LA Pert posterior Michael Barrymore, 65, makes the most of his bus pass: Presenter is just another face in the crowd as he queues at a stop in London  Rare sighting 'Hi Little One': Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder announce they're expecting a baby... and post sweet Instagram message to unborn child Beyonce denies lip injection speculation and says pregnancy is behind plumper pout Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z, are expecting twins Curves ahead! Amber Rose flaunts her famous form in grey leggings and peach top while hiking in Los Angeles She's never been shy  'I wish she was my accountant' Countdown's mathematician Rachel Riley drives her fans wild in very sexy orange optical-illusion dress Phwoar-dan! Busty Katie Price channels her former glamour girl alter-ego in a barely-there bikini top as she films scenes for her new TV show in Miami 'Does judging Kim make me feel better?' Ashley James shares unretouched swimsuit shot as she berates herself for mocking 'cellulite' snaps 'It was a long road': Caitlyn Jenner revisits how she contemplated suicide during gender transition as she continues to tout new tell-all Wonder in white! Blac Chyna shows off bodacious behind and cleavage in plunging one-piece thong swimsuit on yacht in Miami Goldie Hawn, 71, and Kurt Russell, 66, put on amorous display as they get stars on Walk Of Fame in front of Kate Hudson and Reese Witherspoon Badge of honour! Reese Witherspoon dons homemade Goldie pin while cheering on blonde idol Hawn as she gets star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Two peas in a pod! Diane Lane takes look-alike daughter Eleanor Lambert to Paris Can Wait premiere Family time on the red carpet  Make-up free Halle Berry, 50, shows off her flawless complexion on a grocery run in Beverly Hills 50-year-old Monster's Ball actress  DNCE PDA! Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner share a smooch at lunch following shopping trip in New York Spotted packing on the PDA over a meal Chest a glimpse! Newly single Vanessa White goes braless in extreme plunging velvet jumpsuit at star-studded accessories party  Tom Daley, 22, 'set to wed Dustin Lance Black, 42, this weekend despite TWO cheating scandals in a year... (that's if he gets out of hospital in time) 'It's been mentally draining': Pete Wicks reveals plans to take a break from TOWIE following dramatic split from Megan McKenna Getting sentimental! Serena Williams shares throwback photo with sister Venus after announcing pregnancy last month 'I was shocked': Zoe Saldana confirms Britney Spears accidentally divulged she was pregnant with twins in 2014 A kiss for his rose! Kirk Douglas, 100, plants a loving peck on wife Anne after writing book with her about his extra-marital affairs JAN MOIR: Isn't it time pampered man-baby Sad Dad Brad Pitt just grew up? Estranged husband of Angelina Jolie gave first divorce-era interview Courteney Cox looks flawless in a white blazer and jeans at footwear launch party  The 52-year-old attended the launch of NewbarK's collaboration Still going Solo! Harrison Ford shops by himself in LA on May the 4th Star Wars fans held costume parties worldwide Relaxing with a Beer! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison gets pampered at a nail salon as she flashes her toned torso in boob tube She's hung up her heels! Strictly Come Dancing professional Natalie Lowe QUITS the show after seven years Declined her invitation to return Simply irresistible! Victoria's Secret Angel Lais Ribeiro stuns in black Roberto Cavalli gown at New York City Ballet Spring Gala Brazilian beauty Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'looking to expand their Sydney mega-apartment 'but might have to spend $9M to purchase neighbour's property Now he's Aquaman! Christian Bale and his wife, Sibi, keep it casual as they head for breakfast with growing son, Joseph...carrying snorkels The full package! Movie hunk Mickey Rourke shows off bulge in VERY tight spandex shorts after boxing workout If looks could kill! Darren Criss leaves little to the imagination as he rinses off in tiny Speedo while filming American Crime Story: Versace They're BFFs again! Chloe Sims puts on a busty display as she heads to Joey Essex's clothing launch with an ab-flashing Lauren Pope following TOWIE reunion How angelic! Vanessa Hudgens looks carefree in all-white jumpsuit...as she steps out a week after learning her show Powerless was cancelled Chris Pine and Kate McKinnon pull a series of silly stunts in the SNL prop department for new promo Pine will host Saturday's episode  Victoria Secret model Martha Hunt looks chic in black leather jacket and vintage sunglasses for walk with beloved pooch in NYC Keeping fit! Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off bare midriff in black sports bra as she steps out for a hike Looking remarkably sweat-free Stepping out in style! Jane Krakowski takes the plunge as co-star Ellie Kemper stands out in bold frock at Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt event All is forgiven! Richard Wilkins comes face-to-face with Jeff Goldblum...after falsely reporting the actor as DEAD in 2009 The (latex) gloves are ON! Tyga's rumoured former flame Demi Rose shows off her very ample cleavage by posing TOPLESS in seductive new video Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned torso in mesh top as she steps out alongside sister Bella in New York City Model style Expecting a delivery? Pregnant Whitney Port waits for Postmates food driver to arrive Showcased her burgeoning baby bump  May the farce be with you! Mark Hamill pranks Star Wars fans by sneaking up on them as they recreate iconic scenes Back to work! Kylie Minogue cuts a casual and stylish figure before heading back into the studio... hinting she's recording a new album She's into studs! April Love Geary steps out in ornamented leather jacket as beau Robin Thicke bonds with son Looked rockstar chic Kate Bosworth looks positively radiant in strapless cream top at celeb-studded Roger Vivier event Was out flaunting her style again  Revenge Of The Nerds star Robert Carradine's wife claims he DELIBERATELY smashed their car into truck in an attempted murder-suicide 'Day 1 get tatted and kick some a**'! Hunky Jason Momoa seems happy and relaxed as he begins filming Aquaman in Australia with Amber Heard Fifty shades greyer! Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda and Candice Bergen to introduce EL James' saucy novel to 60+ Book Club in new movie Kristina Rihanoff quashes rumours of 'serious tension' with boyfriend Ben Cohen as she cosies up to him wearing plunging red gown at charity event Siren on the shore! Reality TV star Courtney Stodden nearly busts out of her incredibly tiny string bikini as she hits the beach in LA Barely-there swimwear Stephen Belafonte is pictured having 'intense' conversation with a mystery brunette in West Hollywood... amid acrimonious divorce battle with Mel B EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Might the lovely if intensely self-absorbed Angelina Jolie encourage many of us to order up a cocktail or two? 'I naively hoped everyone would be colorblind': Ashley Graham reveals her family initially didn't accept her black husband SPOILER ALERT: Maxine Minniver is left heartbroken when love rival Darcy Wilde's scheming ruins her wedding to Adam Donovan in Hollyoaks Feeling fan-tastic! Charlie Sheen cuddles up to wellwisher as enjoys a puff at AIDS drug event in Hollywood Getting up close and personal Pregnant Danielle Bux conceals her baby bump in a loose Bardot sundress as she cosies up to boyfriend Nate Greenwald in LA Chic 'OMG the dolls... you're killing me!': Geri Horner shares video of herself working out in her bathroom... but fans are more transfixed by her Spice Girl figurines Game Of Thrones fans delight as HBO starts work on FOUR spin-offs of the blockbuster fantasy tale Each project will 'explore different time periods' Pregnant Bar Refaeli looks radiant as she proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in plunging satin dress at travel awards in Madrid Glowing Kris Jenner granted restraining order against former security guard accused of stalking the Kardashian momager Legal battle Brad Pitt gave ex Angelina Jolie 'a head's up' before his revealing interview about 'boozing' and 'therapy' was released Friendly warning  Intergalact-kiss! Katherine Waterston stuns in a busty semi-sheer gown as she puckers up to Michael Fassbender at Alien: Covenant premiere That's her girl! Blac Chyna shares sweet new photo of her adorable giggling baby daughter Dream Kardashian Cute 'He was a really happy person': Heath Ledger's sister Kate slams reports new documentary 'whitewashed' his demons 'To one of the strongest girls I know!' Sofia Vergara wishes childhood gal pal happy birthday with flashy throwback snap of themselves in costume  She found her shirt! Makeup-free Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in sporty outfit...one day after sharing topless snap Racy snap Come Away With Me! Jazz singer Norah Jones wows in polka dot printed bikini as she relaxes during Hawaiian vacation  Retro two-piece Hadid a bad day? Zayn Malik looks down in the dumps as he leaves Gigi's New York apartment... after suffering backlash over £120k charity plea 'Sister bumps!' Binky Felstead reveals that she and lookalike sibling Anna-Louise are just seven weeks apart in their pregnancies as they show off bare tums White on target! Kate Hudson looks sensational in sexy summer dress with a high slit as she hits Walk Of Fame ceremony for Goldie and Kurt 'Sorry to hear you're standing down, sir.' 'Well I can't stand up much longer!' Prince Philip, 95, seals retirement with humour as he prepares to end royal duties Oh Philip! Did you really say that? His critics called them gaffes. But they were also the one-liners that brightened up his (and our) working days...  That's slick! Kendall Jenner gels down her locks as she poses up a storm in FOUR different outfits in New York The 21-year-old was put through her paces 'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Ed Sheeran reveals he writes FIVE tunes a day as it's the one thing that stops him feeling 'low' in Desert Island Discs teaser 'Rowling has an insatiable ego': Joanna Trollope goes on the warpath with Harry Potter author as she claims she is obsessed with social media  Mama June braves the Baywatch swimsuit again after drastic 300lb weight loss and surgery (and gets a little help from airbrush too) Previously 460lbs PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Downcast Jeremy McConnell departs Stephanie Davis' house... as he lashes out at 'malicious' post-rehab drinking claims She's one hot dog! Kylie Jenner strips down to her knickers to flaunt her tiny waist while playing around with puppy Snapchat filter  His number one fan! Khloe Kardashian cheers on her boyfriend Tristan Thompson and the Cleveland Cavaliers during NBA playoffs Cheerleader Duke of Edinburgh sneaks out of London to stay with friends: Prince heads north after announcing retirement at meeting where you could hear pin drop How I captured 'royal boss' Kate, by Charles III star: Actress Charlotte Rilley admits 'bingewatching' clips of the Duchess on YouTube  It is happening again! Showtime reveals glimpses of Twin Peaks characters 25 years later in new teaser Following the ABC series finale in 1991 Queen bump! Beyonce shows off burgeoning baby belly in sheer black top... before switching to cheeky T-shirt with 'preggers' on it Maternity chic 'It's akin to racism': One-armed CBeebies presenter Cerrie Burnell weighs in on furore over her refusal to wear prosthetic limb... as she poses in a bikini  May the Fourth be with him! Danny Trejo gets into the Star Wars Day fun as as he shares his 'lost' audition for iconic film and spoofs Princess Leia Greatest double act of them all: He shored her up in times of crisis. Now his retirement means we'll see less of the Queen too, say the Mail's royal writers Thigh hard with a vengeance! Slimline Tallulah Willis showcases her toned gym body after punishing workout Slender They didn't have those in the '40s! Lily James wears period costume to snap selfies on her phone while filming World War II movie Guernsey That's one pampered pooch! Bella Thorne shows off her new pet puppy Dojo... who has dog-walkers Wag 'on speed dial' Puppy love 'I can't wait to see him': Niall Horan reveals he's bought the sweetest gifts for Liam Payne and Cheryl's baby son Bear as he makes plans for a visit Something he said? Pink-wigged Cara Delevingne sprints away from Jaden Smith as the pair film for new drama Life In A Year in Toronto On set 'They really looked like a couple': Kylie Jenner's rapper beau Travis Scott has been telling friends they are 'the real deal' Has she found real love? No wonder she's called The Female Boss: Tulisa enjoys a dip in skimpy white string bikini in Mumbai... before flashing her abs in crop top to fly home He's Scott got to be joking: Tom Hardy cuts a scruffy figure as he signs autographs at Alien: Covenant premiere ahead of collaboration with Ridley Beattie's new man is a pug called Patrick! Actress to star alongside dog in new Disney family comedy  Absolutely Fabulous' Beattie Edmondson BBC to put War of the Worlds on TV: HG Wells' novel finally adapted for British viewers 120 years after it was published First adaptation Team Windsor rallies round: How the 'Firm' will step up to take on Prince Philip's duties as Duke prepares to end 70 years of royal engagements  Murder on the Brexit Express: As Christie remake is announced, RICHARD LITTLEJOHN imagines if Hercule Poirot was called upon to solve the Brexit saga Back to her country roots! Miley Cyrus soaks up the sun in white dress and rides toy horse in Daisy Dukes for idyllic photoshoot Frill-seeker: Claire Sweeney, 46, shows off her super svelte figure in a strapless blue jumpsuit with matching silver accessories at music event 'I did it once and I'll do it again!' Lauren Goodger shares inspirational throwback snap of when she was at her smallest as she continues weight loss Still wild for each other! Game of Thrones stars Kit Harington and Rose Leslie hold hands and cosy up at lunch as they enjoy a romantic break in sunny Greece Rihanna spotted 'getting cosy' with stylish Olympic fencer Miles Chamley-Watson at the Met Gala The songstress was said to be getting flirty  Beaming Michelle Heaton proudly dons skimpy bandeau bikini... after bravely baring her hysterectomy and double mastectomy scars live on TV Model mom Gisele Bundchen flashes her midriff while out on family stroll with husband Tom Brady and kids Family time Pastel pretty! As Gigi Hadid and Selena Gomez step out in soft feminine hues, FEMAIL rounds up stylish options for YOU to shop now - all under $100 Best boss ever? Jessica Alba has Star Wars theme day at work complete with Darth Vader visit... before sharing sweet throwback snap On the run! Dakota Johnson has another bad hair day in NYC as she is scurried into a chauffeured SUV by an assistant Windswept 'I'm much healthier': Lena Dunham share hospital bed snap and praises strong women with chronic illness Admitted she'd 'felt like lying own' at Met Gala  Sappy and sickly, A Dog's Purpose is a real dog's dinner, writes BRIAN VINER  Unfortunately it was meant to be taken seriously 'I was criticized a lot': Ariel Winter, 19, talks the humiliation of being called 'fat' and 'ugly' at age 11 when she first started shooting Modern Family It's All About Tonight: Busty Pixie Lott wears very sexy nude corset top with draped pink fur jacket at the 4Music Trending Live show Pretty in pink NOW I'm red-dy! Leggy Kendall stuns in scarlet minidress before flashing her behind in tiny white skirt... after her bleary-eyed post-Met Gala Muppets shoot Thank you for the years of duty, say Duke's 800 charities: Prince Philip has championed causes from saving pandas to literacy in Africa Solemn Queen Maxima looks elegant in black as she attends annual Remembrance Day commemorations in The Netherlands Regal These boots were NOT made for walking! Tamara Ecclestone teeters along in strappy thigh-high footwear as she heads to hair salon with mini-me Sophia An Indian yoga casket, a Jacuzzi and 12 white handkerchiefs: Details of Justin Bieber's 'tour rider accommodating his 120-strong entourage leaked online' Imogen Thomas flaunts her assets in an eye-popping skimpy green bikini and sheer black sarong... days after showing off itsy bitsy yellow bikini 'I love therapy': Brad Pitt reveals he is finding comfort in searching his soul with a psychologist during this 'weird time' since Angelina Jolie split Just like Miley! Noah Cyrus sticks out her tongue while promoting her upcoming performance at MTV Movie Awards Think pink Move over David Brent, there's a new fool in town: Mindhorn is inoffensively silly, says BRIAN VINER  Worth watching for the cameos Swimsuit-clad Kelly Rohrbach flaunts cleavage on Cosmo cover... and says 'humor is the sexiest thing' in a man  Beach babe 'She has no idea what's going on between us': Megan McKenna slams TOWIE co-star Chloe Sims for claiming that she is secretly back with ex Pete Wicks EOTB siren Ashleigh Defty strips completely NAKED for seriously sexy snap before showcasing her ample chest in tiny bikini  She shed her clothes  'May The Fourth be with you!' Billie Lourd posts sweet throwback snap with late mom Carrie Fisher to celebrate Star Wars Day Flashback Time to celebrate! Paris Jackson enjoys stroll in NYC after grabbing bite to eat as it's revealed she will star in new film alongside Joel Edgerton TOWIE's Amber Turner sizzles in skimpy bralet and shorts at Megan McKenna's restaurant opening... after stormy reaction to Dan Edgar and Lauren Pope Zoe Saldana and Jaime King discuss their sons, vaccines, and women's health at Global Moms Relay Joined by Laura Dern at the feminist function Which one's Bradley? Cooper chats to his lookalike body double as filming continues on new biopic A Star Is Born with Lady Gaga In action 'Incredibly insensitive': Chris Pratt apologizes in sign language to hearing impaired people for his 'ignorant' comments about subtitles Apologised Cannes spends millions boosting security ahead of film festival in the wake of French terror attacks Ensuring the event is secure Pregnant British Olympic star Laura Kenny, 25, will ban mobiles and games consoles to ensure her first child 'doesn't sit on sofa all day'  EXCLUSIVE: Dolly Parton tells how she cheated on her husband, almost killed herself and her famous boobs are implant free (but lifted) in new book Not even once? Lea Michele swears she's NEVER eaten fast food as she details her love of 'big, healthy meals' and red wine Healthy living  Dakota Blue Richards lives up to her name in a powdery turquoise floor length gown showcasing her slender frame at the Alien: Covenant world premiere in London Back in her skinny jeans! Mila Kunis looks fit on the Atlanta set of A Bad Mom's Christmas... five months after welcoming son Dimitri Bouncing back New dad Liam Payne looks exhausted as he steps out in London... after confirming son's unusual name as Bear Welcomed his first child in March Dreadlock rock star! Rihanna steps out with dreads again to do some re-shoots for Ocean's Eight... after new possible romance Rumours Zoe Kravitz cuts a chic figure in taupe trousers with casual oversized cream sweater during errands run in New York City  Tomboy chic Fashion's cool kids! Doutzen Kroes, husband Sunnery James and their children are style sensations as they step out in New York Whole family outing Make-up free Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off age-defying complexion as she is uncharacteristically low-key in a tracksuit during Beverly Hills outing They're having a girl! Bachelor vets Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert reveal they're expecting a daughter as she shares ultrasound picture 'We have a lot in common now': Penny Lancaster reveals she's friendly with husband Rod Stewart's ex-wife Rachel Hunter... after they both 'grew up' Gaz Beadle's bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey flaunts her pert derriere in steamy bedroom snap as they continue sun-soaked Australian getaway What jet lag? Rita Ora ditches her strange tracksuit in place of figure enhancing jeans as she steps out in London... having flown in from New York earlier Why Andrew will be the Queen's new Plus One: ANDREW PIERCE explains how Her Majesty's second son has emerged as a key figure in 'Team Windsor' The finest consort since Prince Albert: They both elevated young Queens to greatness. ROBERT HARDMAN reveals that's just one parallel 'I am grateful and humbled': Survivor transgender contestant Zeke Smith thanks fans for 'outpouring of love' as he's eliminated from reality show Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen don wide-leg pantsuits for Studio in a School bash in NYC Ashleyis more classic and twin sister Mary-Kate is more funky Lady Marmalade! Poppy Delevingne flaunts her leggy frame as she celebrates her 31st birthday in lavish Moulin Rouge inspired bash with family 'We go to couple's therapy:' Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals his secrets to their happy marriage Rock solid Konnichi-wow! Lottie Moss flaunts her enviably lean legs in a white skater dress with sexy mesh panels as she storms the runway in Japan She's got the late-X Factor! Louisa Johnson flaunts her peachy derriere in skintight trousers and a quirky denim blouse X Factor winner Miami heat! Ex-MIC star Caggie Dunlop displays a hint of sideboob as she sunbathes in sexy cut-out swimsuit to celebrate turning 28 . New mother Amy Childs is using her daughter's PLACENTA as a beauty product after having it turned into face cream Rich in collagen Don't go in Seine! Tom Cruise zips through the streets of Paris on a motorbike as he shoots high-octane scenes for Mission: Impossible 6 He does his own stunts Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she steps out of her home in a gingham dress as her daughter Arabella kindly passes out doughnuts to Secret Service agents Ex On The Beach's Nicole Bass shows off her bikini body as she shares an array of snaps from break with love rat boyfriend Jacques Fraser 'I destroy lives': Stephanie Davis QUITS drinking for sake of her relationship with Jeremy McConnell... after he BLOCKS her over incoherent 'cheat' tweet Amber Rose keeps it low-key as she dotes on sweet son Seb during magical day out at The Wizarding World of Harry Potter Back on mummy duty 'Stop getting drunk!' Hysterical Holly Willoughby gets tipsy on a margarita on This Morning... after retching when Phillip Schofield eats INSECTS Make-up free Lily Collins swaps glamour for comfort in jeans and simple tee as she touches down at LAX... after dramatic Gothic inspired Met Gala look David Bowie unleashed: New exhibition unveils rare and never-before-seen photos of Life On Mars singer taken in 2002 New images All hail! Natalie Portman takes to the streets of London as she shoots dramatic new scenes in the pouring rain for upcoming movie Charlie Hunnam discovers his true legacy as he goes to war with Jude Law in action-packed new trailer for King Arthur: Legend of the Sword Busty Mariah Carey oozes sex appeal in plunging lace-up thigh-skimming dress as she parties the night away... after admitting she's close to ex Nick Cannon Still in raptures about Blondie: New album Pollinator proves she's still the bee's knees, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  Top performer 'I take care of my mind, body and spirit!': General Hospital vet Kristina Wagner, 54, looks ripped as she poses for the FIRST time in a bikini Anything you can do! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, steps out with new model 'beau' Younes Bendjima, 23... as ex Scott Disick is linked to British beauty, 19 Rita Ora masks her stunning figure beneath bizarre orange tracksuit while arriving in London from NYC... days after getting close with Diplo at Met Gala after-party PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: TOWIE star Jamie Reed's model girlfriend Jade Lewis sizzles in a bikini as they put on a VERY steamy display during Mallorca getaway 'I never really saw him out of costume' Brenton Thwaites reveals Johnny Depp remained in character throughout filming Pirates Of The Caribbean film Simon Cowell's adorable son Eric, 3, is in his element as he goes for a run through the park while delighted mother Lauren Silverman looks on EXCLUSIVE: Whoopi Goldberg demands $3.5 million, an executive producer title and her nemesis ABC executive fired - in exchange for her return to The View' Hot wheels! Christina El Moussa takes her $190k Bentley for a spin as she gears up for another season of Flip or Flop with ex Tarek  Busy lady 'I check myself obsessively': Coleen Nolan has constant cancer fears over family's tragic history... as she sobs at ball in memory of Bernie 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks about quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Jean-ius or disaster? Ashley Benson wears double denim embracing the tough-to-wear style Seemed as cool as ice as she stepped out in Beverly Hills Kate Garraway wells up as her children surprise her on GMB for her 50th... whilst her co-hosts treat her with a pair of GIANT knickers and a very cringy video Queen is joined by the Duke of Edinburgh for a service at St James's Palace - as they announce his retirement leaving the monarch to perform duties alone 70 years and 22,191 engagements: How Prince Philip has been the Queen's 'rock' since their fairytale wedding, becoming one of the hardest working royals 'I declare this thing open, whatever it is': The gaffe-prone Duke who often said what he shouldn't (although the public loved him for it)  He's uncensored  It's Raining, mum! Make-up free Geri Horner braves the drizzle in hooded jacket to take her baby son Monty out for a stroll in his pram Will that be a Taken-away sir? Liam Neeson makes surprise stop at Canada sandwich shop after staff offered the Hollywood star a free meal Bleary-eyed Nicola McLean appears to have suffered a spill as she departs Megan McKenna's restaurant launch with stained trousers  Wet and wild! Rumer Willis sets pulses racing as she strips off to enjoy a steamy lesbian bathtub romp with co-star Serayah McNeill on hit show Empire Fur-free FLOTUS? Melania Trump gushes over 'beautiful' Russian faux-fur coat she received from Pamela Anderson in 'sweet' thank-you note 'Celebrating her life': Happy Days cast reunite at Erin Moran memorial after Scott Baio controversially attributed her cancer death to drugs Ed Sheeran is led on a pub crawl by Saoirse Ronan as she shows off her dance moves, downs pints and tattoos the singer in wild video for hit song Galway Girl Joanna Krupa flaunts her enviable physique in super-skinny jeans and a backless top as she grabs dinner in LA She's never been afraid to flaunt her figure  'It's so petty, it's so childish!': Matt Lauer gets annoyed with Ellen DeGeneres after she has a Savannah Guthrie impersonator scare him Prank war Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out to meet dad Mohamed for a dinner date in NYC The sisters reunited with family Jasmin Walia looks every inch the Baywatch babe as she flaunts her assets and pert derriere in plunging red swimwear on Spanish beach She rear-ly doesn't care: Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation as she sends a subtle hint to body shamers Tantric sex and the city? Sting lists his Manhattan penthouse for $56m - where he and Trudie Styler have his-and-her baths and fur throws in their bedroom She means business! Queen Letizia of Spain looks sharp in a leather pencil skirt as she arrives at an exhibition in Madrid  Spanish royal Sophie's whirlwind week! The Countess of Wessex takes on ANOTHER engagement in Berkshire just hours after flying back to the UK from Estonia  Ex On The Beer! Leggy Jemma Lucy sports JUST a T-shirt as she enjoys a drink in the sunshine with 'former flame' Charlotte Dawson Girls' get together 'Down for a good time!' Courtney Stodden teases men to 'impress her' with busty selfies on dating website where bachelors PAY to date her... following divorce 'I felt like a lone voice': Denise Welch candidly discusses her battle with clinical depression as she admits making a film about her condition left her in tears Make-up free Kate Upton sports a feminist slogan sweater as she catches a flight out of LAX with her pet pooch Harley  Making a statement Barefaced beauty Elizabeth Olsen flaunts her enviably lean legs in tiny denim shorts as she hits the shops She's been hard at work on the Avengers film 'That wiped the smile away!' TOWIE viewers SLAM disgruntled Amber Turner as she glares at Dan Edgar's cosy display with Lauren Pope Real Housewives of Cheshire star Leanne Brown sips bubbly as she maintains her pert posterior by having suction cups attached to 'reposition melted fat' Sexy senorita! Flirty Salma Hayek, 50, flaunts her buxom age-defying physique in a colourful floral dress for How To Be A Latin Lover premiere in Mexico City The Bold-win and the beautiful! Leggy Hailey turns heads in bright yellow minidress and seriously racy PVC thigh-high boots for dinner Her boys! Sharon Stone, 59, brings her sons to premiere of her new film A Little Something for Your Birthday A family affair The spy who lost the plot: Who can you trust? Who cares in the messy, convoluted thriller, Unlocked, writes BRIAN VINER Convoluted Belle of the ball Catherine Zeta-Jones dazzles in a strapless purple gown as she takes to the stage to sing at tribute concert honouring Jimmy Webb Stephanie Davis posts worryingly incoherent 'cheat' tweet while on holiday with Jeremy McConnell... just a day after revealing they want baby number two I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he steps out for a stroll in London  New look 'I wasn't invited!' Paddy McGuinness was SNUBBED from Take Me Out couple's wedding... as smitten pair gush about 'the best day of their lives' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basi... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Thu May 4, 2017 | 5:38am EDT China's Ant set to ink $3.5 billion loan to help fund MoneyGram bid - Basis Point A logo of Ant Financial is displayed at an event of the company in Hong Kong, China November 1, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip By Carol Zhong and Prakash Chakravarti | HONG KONG HONG KONG China's Ant Financial, an affiliate of online shopping giant Alibaba Group (BABA.N), is close to signing a $3.5 billion loan a part of which will help fund its purchase of U.S. money transfer company MoneyGram International (MGI.O), Thomson Reuters Basis Point reported. Fourteen banks, including Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ.AX), Citigroup (C.N), Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), Goldman Sachs (GS.N), HSBC (HSBA.L), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and JPMorgan (JPM.N), have committed to the loan, Basis Point reported. The three-year syndicated term loan will replace a bridge facility that backed Ant Financial's bid for MoneyGram, it reported on Thursday, adding documentation of the loan is in progress, with signing expected within the next few days. Ant, valued at about $60 billion after a $4.5-billion funding round in April 2016, is set for an initial public offering (IPO), though it has not specified a timeframe or listing venue. Ant Financial declined to comment. Representatives for ANZ, Citi, JPMorgan and HSBC also declined to comment, while Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. For global banks, the loan is an opportunity to jostle for position ahead of the IPO, a strategy that has paid off for banks such as HSBC which was appointed a bookrunner on the bumper Aramco IPO after gaining an advisory role on the Saudi oil company's first ever sukuk issuance. Reuters reported in February that Ant Financial, China's most valuable online finance company, is in early stage talks with banks to raise between $2 billion to $3 billion in debt to fund acquisitions and foreign investments. The loan size is being increased from $3 billion after the Chinese online finance firm sweetened its bid for MoneyGram by over a third, beating a rival offer from U.S.-based Euronet Worldwide (EEFT.O) to gain approval from MoneyGram's board. Ant hiked its bid for MoneyGram by 36 percent to $18 per share in cash, valuing the target at around $1.2 billion and beating Euronet's offer last month of $15.20 per share.  MoneyGram's global remittance channels for sending money overseas would help Ant build a cross-border network after a string of recent investments in Asia. But the deal must first obtain approval from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. (Additional reporting by Catherine Cadell and Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Japan's ORIX to buy 22 percent of Israel geothermal energy firm Ormat TEL AVIV Japan's ORIX Corp will buy a 22.1 percent stake in Israeli geothermal energy producer Ormat Technologies Inc for $627 million from a group led by the FIMI private equity fund, the companies said on Thursday. CIBC sweetens offer for PrivateBancorp with more cash Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce increased the cash element of its offer for Chicago-based PrivateBancorp Inc on Thursday in a final $4.9 billion bid to push the deal through ahead of a May 12 shareholder vote. SNC-Lavalin CEO says Elliott's stake in WS Atkins not an obstacle to deal MONTREAL SNC-Lavalin CEO Neil Bruce said on Thursday activist investor Elliott Capital's stake in WS Atkins "is not an obstacle" to buying the firm. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Fri, May 05, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance Saudi central bank chief does not see more bank mergers Thursday, May 4, 2017 - 17:05 [RIYADH] Saudi Arabia's central bank governor Ahmed al-Kholifey said on Thursday that he did not see more bank mergers looming, after Alawwal Bank and Saudi British Bank agreed last week to start talks on a possible merger. "I don't see any in the pipeline," Mr Kholifey told reporters. Reuters reported in March that French bank Credit Agricole had picked JPMorgan to advise it on a potential sale of its 31 per cent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi. Mr Kholifey said on Thursday that he had met with Credit Agricole officials but had not received a request for approval from them to sell the stake. "We are waiting for the request if they have the intention,"he said. Mr Kholifey also said the central bank had an open policy on foreign banks seeking to open new branches in Saudi Arabia, signalling that in principle authorities were willing to entertain applications. Powered by GET.com sentifi.com Market voices on: He said Emirates NBD has opened more branches in Saudi Arabia and the central bank has one more request from another lender, which he did not name. SEE ALSO: Saudi prince says economic reforms working, promises huge investments As investment opportunities open up in the kingdom, more global lenders are looking to expand or seek banking licences in Saudi Arabia. Citigroup recently obtained a licence to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia and Credit Suisse is also exploring the possibility of obtaining a banking licence. A total of 12 commercial lenders operate in Saudi Arabia's banking sector, with assets of more than US$535 billion. REUTERS Saudi Arabia central bank mergers Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance China's yuan steadies, US jobs and French election in focus 1:47 PM Spain probes ex-HSBC executives over money laundering 12:11 PM Warren Buffett says he sold a third of stake in IBM: CNBC 9:51 AM Euro near 6-month high ahead of French election 9:15 AM Euro jumps on Macron's showing in TV debate 5:50 AM SocGen to pay $1 billion euros to end Libyan wealth fund row 11:31 PM Breaking News 2:55 pm Australia shares down, post worst week since Feb; NZ lower 2:52 pm Qantas says Japan, Singapore budget airline offshoots can fund their own growth 2:39 pm Strong maritime force needed to protect Singapore's sovereignty and trade: PM Lee 2:04 pm US employment growth seen rebounding, wages increasing 1:47 pm China's yuan steadies, US jobs and French election in focus 1:45 pm Britain awaits local election results in test for PM 1:38 pm Looking for love will cost you more in Zurich than anywhere else 1:32 pm BOJ's Kuroda confident inflation will accelerate 'significantly': CNBC 1:05 pm RBA lifts Australia growth forecast 12:42 pm Hong Kong: Stocks dive more than 1% by break Most Read 1 Marco Polo Marine suspends trading as planned debt revamp hits a roadblock 2 Stocks to watch: Sabana Reit, First Ship Lease Trust, Noble Group 3 Further re-rating of property counters on the cards 4 DBS Q1 net profit up 1% from a year ago 5 Singapore fourth among cities with most millionaire CEO residents Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 05 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE insurance costs soar four-fold after high-rise fires DP World inks agreement with Indian national investment fund Dubai's Enoc says aggressive expansion set to continue Saudi housing prices tumble nearly 10% on year in Q1 UAE insurance costs soar four-fold after high-rise fires Saudi housing prices tumble nearly 10% on year in Q1 Dubai's Arabtec shines, Egypt rises in slack markets Dubai's DAMAC Properties awards construction contract worth $10.8mln UAE insurance costs soar four-fold after high-rise fires Dubai's DAMAC Properties awards construction contract worth $10.8mln Dubai's Arabtec returns to profit in first quarter after two-year slump Italian firm secures patent for Dubai rotating tower Dubai's Enoc says aggressive expansion set to continue Saudi Arabia avoids financial crisis; now for the hard part Iraq loading first crude oil cargo for Egypt under new deal Iraq's fuel oil exports soar despite OPEC supply cut Saudi Arabia avoids financial crisis; now for the hard part Standard Chartered says retail banking business in UAE picking up Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank lines up benchmark dollar bond Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Turkish wealth fund head says signed Islamic mortgage deal with IDB Kenya's cenbank issues licence to Dubai Islamic Bank UAE's Dana Gas may seek to restructure Islamic bonds US's S&P 500 tech index edges toward $5trn How Dubai can detect rain 200km away Dubai firm looks to raise $500mln via digital tokens for new payments system Millennials remain loyal, but harder to please Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Arabia says Trump visit to enhance cooperation in fighting extremism Iran says ready for Saudi talks despite 'unlawful, inflammatory' remarks Saudi Arabia avoids financial crisis; now for the hard part Egypt's President Sisi in UAE Saudi Arabia avoids financial crisis; now for the hard part Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Qatar National Bank to seek Saudi investment banking licence Egypt's President Sisi in UAE Russia, Iran, Turkey agree on Syria safe zones Israeli occupation seeks to destroy Palestinian Jerusalem Russia, Turkey agree to support safe zones in Syria Trump to broker Israeli-Palestinian peace Algerians vote for new parliament in ballot marked by youth apathy Iraq loading first crude oil cargo for Egypt under new deal Less US economic aid to Egypt is on the way Egypt's President Sisi in UAE Saudi Arabia says Trump visit to enhance cooperation in fighting extremism Iran says ready for Saudi talks despite 'unlawful, inflammatory' remarks Iraq loading first crude oil cargo for Egypt under new deal Traffic growth at Mideast carriers slowed to 4.9% in March Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities OPEC heads for rollover, bigger oil cut unlikely - delegates Oil prices continue slide; WTI nearing 6-month low Dubai's Arabtec shines, Egypt rises in slack markets Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank lines up benchmark dollar bond Earnings, data, politics push buoyant European shares higher Dubai's Arabtec shines, Egypt rises in slack markets US's S&P 500 tech index edges toward $5trn Qatar National Bank to seek Saudi investment banking licence Restoring Saudi allowances to cost about $1.9bln in 2017 Fed holds interest rates steady, downplays economic weakness National Bank of Kuwait to issue senior unsecured dollar bond Central bank governor says Saudi will stick to currency peg OPEC heads for rollover, bigger oil cut unlikely - delegates Oil prices continue slide; WTI nearing 6-month low Iraq loading first crude oil cargo for Egypt under new deal Dubai firm looks to raise $500mln via digital tokens for new payments system Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi women no longer need guardians' consent to receive services Transgender Emiratis seek recognition as men for the first time Pakistan court sets up Panama Papers probe team SocGen to pay $1bln in settlement with Libyan wealth fund Qatar's Cabinet approves VAT draft law Saudi reforms on track to achieve Vision 2030 Kuwait's court rejects bid to annul Parliament These Dubai residents to get new, safer gas cylinders UAE insurance costs soar four-fold after high-rise fires Pakistan court sets up Panama Papers probe team E-cigarettes, e-shishas seized from Dubai shop These Dubai residents to get new, safer gas cylinders UAE insurance costs soar four-fold after high-rise fires SocGen to pay $1bln in settlement with Libyan wealth fund UAE Vision 2021: 127 fuel-efficient vehicles added to Sharjah Police fleet Italian firm secures patent for Dubai rotating tower Saudi women no longer need guardians' consent to receive services Transgender Emiratis seek recognition as men for the first time Spam campaign targets Google users with malicious link Student part-time work visas strengthen Dubai as an international education hub Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Brad Pitt opens up about split with Jolie How Dubai can detect rain 200km away Could this Koran break world records? UAE Vision 2021: 127 fuel-efficient vehicles added to Sharjah Police fleet Transgender Emiratis seek recognition as men for the first time World's heaviest woman leaves Abu Dhabi hospital over 300 kg lighter Wellness tourism 'promising sector' for Qatari, Turkish businesswomen Saudi Healthcare Exhibition to outline future of industry 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey Could this Koran break world records? Surge in smartphone usage likely during Ramadan Millennials remain loyal, but harder to please Realty check: For Dubai's wealthy investors, Palm’s the best option UAE one of top destinations for Muslim travel Airport taxi fares to be cut in Oman Dubai grants visa on arrival to first Indian with US visa Ancient mummies rot as Yemen war vexes even the dead Brad Pitt opens up about split with Jolie Stars Wars fans say, "May the 4th be with you" Saudi Arabia to establish world-class orchestra for entertainment ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2’ is all about family Seven card fight night set for Royal Mirage Wimbledon announces a sweet prize hike ABBA set to appear at football tournaments Japan wrestles over smoking ban as Olympics loom Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Business Financial Services Article financial services Saudi central bank chief doesn't see more bank mergers in pipeline 04 May, 2017 RIYADH, May 4 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia's central bank governor Ahmed al-Kholifey said on Thursday that he did not see more bank mergers looming, after Alawwal Bank and Saudi British Bank agreed last week to start talks on a possible merger. "I don't see any in the pipeline," Kholifey told reporters. Reuters reported in March that French bank Credit Agricole had picked JPMorgan to advise it on a potential sale of its 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi . Kholifey said on Thursday that he had met with Credit Agricole officials but had not received a request for approval from them to sell the stake. Kholifey also said the central bank had an open policy on foreign banks seeking to open new branches in Saudi Arabia, signalling that in principle authorities were willing to entertain applications. (Reporting by Saeed Azhar; Writing by Andrew Torchia) ((andrew.torchia@thomsonreuters.com; +9715 6681 7277; Reuters Messaging: andrew.torchia.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: mergers and acquisitions saudi arabia Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News New roles for senior UAE nationals at Etihad Aviation Group 21 hours ago  from Action Group | Four Communications Group US's UPS logistics appoints Mark Vale growth and emerging markets president UPS named Mark Vale President of Growth and Emerging Markets. 2 days ago The International Association of Hotel General Managers appoints new Governor 2 days ago Fiserv Executive Mark Butler joins US's Qualys cloud-based security as Chief Information Security Officer Qualys appointed Mark Butler as chief information security officer. 2 days ago UAE's City Seasons Hotel Group promots Emile Saadeh to Group Director of sales- leisure 2 days ago New General Manager appointed for Mercure Grand Hotel Doha City Centre, Qatar 03-May-2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley FBR & Co Comments on Fulton Financial Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FULT) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. Increased by KeyCorp (FR) General Electric Company to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (GE) J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Given Hold Rating at Beaufort Securities Wilmington PLC’s (WIL) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt United Utilities Group PLC (UU) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,025 at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Pennon Group plc (PNN) ANGLE plc (AGL) Given Speculative Buy Rating at Beaufort Securities Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Sunrise Resources Plc (SRES) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives “Sell” Rating from Shore Capital First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research HFF, Inc. (HF) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Insys Therapeutics’ (INSY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Autoliv’s (ALV) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Shares Gap Down After Insider Selling Lawson Products, Inc. Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share (LAWS) National Grid plc (NG) PT Set at GBX 1,050 by Royal Bank of Canada Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Clovis Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:CLVS)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reissued by research analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. They presently have a $79.00 price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Morgan Stanley’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 48.22% from the company’s current price. A number of other research firms also recently weighed in on CLVS. Chardan Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $36.00 price target on shares of Clovis Oncology in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $77.00 price target on shares of Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their price target on shares of Clovis Oncology from $44.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Clovis Oncology in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Bank of America Corp began coverage on shares of Clovis Oncology in a research note on Friday, January 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $74.00 price target on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Clovis Oncology currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $59.71. Shares of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) opened at 53.30 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $60.81 and its 200-day moving average is $50.35. Clovis Oncology has a one year low of $11.57 and a one year high of $74.94. The firm’s market cap is $2.38 billion. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.83) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($1.65) by $0.18. The business had revenue of $0.08 million for the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($3.12) EPS. Analysts anticipate that Clovis Oncology will post ($5.32) EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/clovis-oncology-inc-clvs-rating-reiterated-by-morgan-stanley.html. In other news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.02, for a total value of $168,060.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 206,583 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,572,779.66. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 17.40% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. State Street Corp raised its stake in Clovis Oncology by 93.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,141,663 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $95,131,000 after buying an additional 1,035,917 shares during the last quarter. Consonance Capital Management LP raised its stake in Clovis Oncology by 20.3% in the third quarter. Consonance Capital Management LP now owns 3,531,487 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $127,310,000 after buying an additional 595,000 shares during the last quarter. Blue Jay Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth $12,077,000. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Clovis Oncology during the fourth quarter worth $13,155,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its stake in Clovis Oncology by 153.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 420,512 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $18,679,000 after buying an additional 254,898 shares during the last quarter. 88.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Clovis Oncology Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company’s product candidates include Rociletinib, Rubraca (Rucaparib) and Lucitanib. Rucaparib is an oral, small molecule poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor of PARP1, PARP2 and PARP3 approved as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious breast cancer (BRCA) (human genes associated with the repair of damaged deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)) mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FBR & Co Comments on Fulton Financial Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FULT) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. Increased by KeyCorp (FR) General Electric Company to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (GE) J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Given Hold Rating at Beaufort Securities Wilmington PLC’s (WIL) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt United Utilities Group PLC (UU) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,025 at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Pennon Group plc (PNN) ANGLE plc (AGL) Given Speculative Buy Rating at Beaufort Securities Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Sunrise Resources Plc (SRES) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives “Sell” Rating from Shore Capital First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research HFF, Inc. (HF) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Insys Therapeutics’ (INSY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Autoliv’s (ALV) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Shares Gap Down After Insider Selling Lawson Products, Inc. Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share (LAWS) National Grid plc (NG) PT Set at GBX 1,050 by Royal Bank of Canada Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Motif Bio PLC (MTFB) Rating Reiterated by Northland Securities General Electric Company to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (GE) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) – Investment analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings lowered their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of General Electric Company in a note issued to investors on Monday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst C. Glynn now expects that the conglomerate will earn $0.25 per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of $0.30. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for General Electric Company’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.54 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.65 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $1.64 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $1.90 EPS. Several other analysts have also recently weighed in on GE. Bank of America Corp cut shares of General Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $35.00 to $31.00 in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on shares of General Electric Company from $32.00 to $33.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Monday, April 24th. William Blair reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Saturday, April 1st. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada dropped their price target on shares of General Electric Company from $36.00 to $35.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. General Electric Company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $32.08. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “General Electric Company to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (GE)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/general-electric-company-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-0-25-per-share-oppenheimer-holdings-forecasts-ge.html. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.23 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $254.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.77 and a beta of 1.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $29.65 and a 200-day moving average of $30.24. General Electric Company has a 12 month low of $28.19 and a 12 month high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.17 by $0.04. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The firm had revenue of $27.66 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.37 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.21 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Rothschild Investment Corp IL raised its position in General Electric Company by 4.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 504,506 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $14,943,000 after buying an additional 22,344 shares during the period. NBW Capital LLC purchased a new position in General Electric Company during the third quarter worth $2,853,000. Roundview Capital LLC raised its position in General Electric Company by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Roundview Capital LLC now owns 76,472 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $2,417,000 after buying an additional 1,515 shares during the period. Leisure Capital Management raised its position in General Electric Company by 0.3% in the third quarter. Leisure Capital Management now owns 68,894 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $2,041,000 after buying an additional 188 shares during the period. Finally, LBA Wealth Management LLC raised its position in General Electric Company by 10.7% in the fourth quarter. LBA Wealth Management LLC now owns 8,056 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $255,000 after buying an additional 776 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 54.68% of the company’s stock. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 738,907 shares in the company, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Marijn E. Dekkers acquired 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $29.90 per share, for a total transaction of $598,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at $29,900. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th were given a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.28%. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 106.67%. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Sage Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Sage Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Price Target to $87.00 GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Price Target Increased to $50.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets McColl's Retail Group PLC (MCLS) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts The Sage Group plc (SGE) Price Target to GBX 620 Northland Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Brokers Offer Predictions for SBA Communications Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBAC) Zacks Investment Research Comments on Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBPH) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Shares Up 12.9% Following Strong Earnings New York Times Co (NYT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts The Sage Group plc (SGE) Price Target to GBX 620 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet The Sage Group plc (LON:SGE) had its price objective boosted by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 600 ($7.75) to GBX 620 ($8.01) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm presently has an “underperform” rating on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price target points to a potential downside of 12.31% from the company’s current price. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Barclays PLC reissued an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 540 ($6.97) price target on shares of The Sage Group plc in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut their price target on shares of The Sage Group plc from GBX 900 ($11.62) to GBX 860 ($11.10) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 730 ($9.43) price target on shares of The Sage Group plc in a report on Monday, March 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 615 ($7.94) price target on shares of The Sage Group plc in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Bryan, Garnier & Co reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 650 ($8.39) price target on shares of The Sage Group plc in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 672.20 ($8.68). The Sage Group plc (LON:SGE) opened at 710.00 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 646.01 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 655.56. The Sage Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 573.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 807.49. The company’s market cap is GBX 7.66 billion. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of GBX 5.22 ($0.07) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/credit-suisse-group-ag-boosts-the-sage-group-plc-sge-price-target-to-gbx-620.html. The Sage Group plc Company Profile The Sage Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides integrated accounting, payroll and payments solutions. The Company also provides the option of solutions hosted locally and accessed on-premise. The Company’s segments include Europe, which consists of France, the United Kingdom and the Ireland, Spain, Germany, Switzerland, Poland, Portugal and Sagepay; North America, which consists of the United States and Canada, and International, which consists of Brazil, Africa, Australia, the Middle East and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for The Sage Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Sage Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Direct Line Insurance Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northland Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Brokers Offer Predictions for SBA Communications Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBAC) Zacks Investment Research Comments on Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBPH) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Shares Up 12.9% Following Strong Earnings New York Times Co (NYT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) had its target price lifted by equities researchers at Barclays PLC from GBX 337 ($4.35) to GBX 339 ($4.38) in a research report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Barclays PLC’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 5.62% from the company’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also commented on DLG. Shore Capital reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 395 ($5.10) price target on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Peel Hunt reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 370 ($4.78) price target on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Morgan Stanley lowered their price target on Direct Line Insurance Group PLC from GBX 465 ($6.00) to GBX 434 ($5.60) and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.39) price target on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Direct Line Insurance Group PLC presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 370.31 ($4.78). Shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) opened at 359.20 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 343.07 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 351.58. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 4.90 billion. Direct Line Insurance Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 323.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 400.70. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be given a GBX 9.70 ($0.13) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.87%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/barclays-plc-boosts-direct-line-insurance-group-plc-dlg-price-target-to-gbx-339.html. In related news, insider John Reizenstein purchased 4,400 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 343 ($4.43) per share, for a total transaction of £15,092 ($19,486.12). Insiders purchased a total of 20,134 shares of company stock valued at $6,827,509 in the last quarter. About Direct Line Insurance Group PLC Direct Line Insurance Group plc is a United Kingdom-based personal and small business general insurer. The principal activity of the Company is managing its investments in subsidiaries, providing loans to those subsidiaries, raising funds for the Group and the receipt and payment of dividends. The Company’s operating segments include Motor, Home, Rescue and other personal lines, Commercial and Run-off. Receive News & Ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Mosaic Co (MOS) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Benchmark Co. Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Mantech International Corp (MANT) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Okta Inc (OKTA) Coverage Initiated at JMP Securities Cerner Co. (CERN) Stock Rating Lowered by Hilliard Lyons Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Tractor Supply Company Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.31 Per Share (TSCO) Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG set a €5.75 ($6.25) price target on Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) in a report issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. NOKIA has been the topic of several other reports. Morgan Stanley set a €5.70 ($6.20) price target on Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €5.50 ($5.98) price target on Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €6.00 ($6.52) price target on Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €4.80 ($5.22) price target on Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, S&P Global set a €5.00 ($5.43) price target on Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of €5.73 ($6.23). WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/nokia-oyj-nokia-given-a-5-75-price-target-by-credit-suisse-group-ag-analysts.html. About Nokia Oyj Nokia Corporation is engaged in the network and Internet protocol (IP) infrastructure, software, and related services market. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Ultra Broadband Networks, IP Networks and Applications, and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BP plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Mosaic Co (MOS) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Benchmark Co. Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Mantech International Corp (MANT) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Okta Inc (OKTA) Coverage Initiated at JMP Securities Cerner Co. (CERN) Stock Rating Lowered by Hilliard Lyons Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Tractor Supply Company Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.31 Per Share (TSCO) BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BP plc (LON:BP) received a GBX 480 ($6.20) price target from equities research analysts at S&P Global in a report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. S&P Global’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 7.47% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on BP. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 515 ($6.65) price target on BP plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 625 ($8.07) price target (up from GBX 515 ($6.65)) on shares of BP plc in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 530 ($6.84) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Friday, March 10th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 565 ($7.30) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 510 ($6.58) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Eleven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 517.52 ($6.68). BP plc (LON:BP) opened at 446.65 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 86.82 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 457.05 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 470.96. BP plc has a 52 week low of GBX 349.35 and a 52 week high of GBX 521.20. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a yield of 1.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/bp-plc-bp-pt-set-at-gbx-480-by-sp-global.html. In other news, insider Brian Gilvary purchased 70 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 459 ($5.93) per share, for a total transaction of £321.30 ($414.85). Also, insider Nils Smedegaard Andersen purchased 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 20th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 446 ($5.76) per share, for a total transaction of £133,800 ($172,756.62). About BP plc BP p.l.c. is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company owns an interest in OJSC Oil Company Rosneft (Rosneft), an oil and gas company. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Receive News & Ratings for BP plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bellway plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northland Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Barclays PLC Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 339 BT Group plc (BT.A) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Brokers Offer Predictions for SBA Communications Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBAC) Zacks Investment Research Comments on Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBPH) FireEye Inc (FEYE) Shares Up 12.9% Following Strong Earnings New York Times Co (NYT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bellway plc (LON:BWY)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities researchers at Deutsche Bank AG in a report released on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 3,014 ($38.92) price target on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s target price suggests a potential upside of 4.58% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on BWY. Canaccord Genuity boosted their target price on shares of Bellway plc from GBX 2,840 ($36.67) to GBX 3,100 ($40.03) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Bellway plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Beaufort Securities reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Bellway plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Liberum Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,032 ($39.15) target price on shares of Bellway plc in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Bellway plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 2,998.97 ($38.72). Shares of Bellway plc (LON:BWY) opened at 2882.00 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 2,783.97 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 2,570.55. The company’s market cap is GBX 3.53 billion. Bellway plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,622.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 2,961.00. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a GBX 37.50 ($0.48) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.32%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Bellway plc’s (BWY) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/bellway-plcs-bwy-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Bellway plc Bellway p.l.c is a holding company of the Bellway Group of companies. The Company is engaged in the building and selling of homes, ranging from one-bedroom apartments up to five-bedroom family homes, as well as providing social housing-to-housing associations. It focuses on providing traditional family housing outside of London and apartments within the London boroughs, in zone 2 and beyond. Receive News & Ratings for Bellway plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest AppFolio Inc (APPF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Given a $38.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts TheStreet Upgrades Phillips 66 (PSX) to B- Nortel Inversora SA (NTL) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $698,000 Stake in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Cut by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,223,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) received a €16.50 ($17.93) target price from equities researchers at Macquarie in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Kepler Capital Markets set a €14.80 ($16.09) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €16.00 ($17.39) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.80 ($16.09) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €15.50 ($16.85) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €14.20 ($15.43) target price on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. ING Groep NV currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €14.66 ($15.94). ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 15.26 on Tuesday. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €9.35 and a 1-year high of €15.27. The company’s 50 day moving average is €14.25 and its 200-day moving average is €13.46. The stock has a market capitalization of €59.18 billion and a PE ratio of 11.88. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-a-16-50-price-target-by-macquarie-analysts.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance adidas AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Beiersdorf AG (BEI) PT Set at €89.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) a €20.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Manulife Financial Corp. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (MFC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Lowered by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet adidas AG (FRA:ADS) has been given a €195.00 ($211.96) price target by equities researchers at Independent Research GmbH in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on ADS. Macquarie set a €210.00 ($228.26) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €200.00 ($217.39) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Citigroup Inc set a €180.00 ($195.65) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. equinet AG set a €180.00 ($195.65) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €170.00 ($184.78) target price on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €180.86 ($196.59). Shares of adidas AG (FRA:ADS) opened at 182.10 on Tuesday. adidas AG has a 52 week low of €106.00 and a 52 week high of €186.00. The firm has a market cap of €36.63 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 36.48. The firm has a 50 day moving average of €179.62 and a 200 day moving average of €156.24. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €195.00 by Independent Research GmbH” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/adidas-ag-ads-pt-set-at-195-00-by-independent-research-gmbh.html. About adidas AG . Receive News & Ratings for adidas AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.50 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €7.70 by Morgan Stanley Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts SunTrust Banks Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Olin Co. (OLN) Cormark Weighs in on Sun Life Financial Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SLF) Fiserv’s (FISV) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Rice Energy’s (RICE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Clorox Co (CLX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Metlife Inc (MET) Receives Buy Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Short Interest Update Luminex Co. (LMNX) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest AppFolio Inc (APPF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Given a $38.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts TheStreet Upgrades Phillips 66 (PSX) to B- Nortel Inversora SA (NTL) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $698,000 Stake in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Cut by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $1,223,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) has been assigned a €96.00 ($104.35) target price by equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. SAN has been the topic of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €81.00 ($88.04) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €80.00 ($86.96) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €87.00 ($94.57) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($98.91) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €85.50 ($92.93). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) opened at 87.55 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of €110.55 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.11. Sanofi SA has a 12-month low of €62.50 and a 12-month high of €87.74. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €25.48 and its 200-day moving average price is €25.74. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/sanofi-sa-san-given-a-96-00-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Fri, May 5, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders Standard Chartered also says Frankfurt will be main European location post-Brexit Thu, May 4, 2017, 06:30 Joe Brennan Post-Brexit, Dublin in line to secure hundreds of back- and middle-office roles at JP Morgan. Photograph: Reuters         JP Morgan is on track to pick Frankfurt as its main European location for trading market securities post Brexit, with Dublin in line to secure hundreds of back- and middle-office roles, according to sources. The largest US bank by market value, at $307 billion (€281 billion), it will shift a number of London banking jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the UK’s exit from the European Union, the company’s head of corporate and investment banking, Daniel Pinto, said in an interview with Bloomberg in Saudi Arabia this week. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the long-term numbers,” Mr Pinto said. A spokesman for the bank confirmed Pinto’s comments to The Irish Times, but declined to elaborate on them. However, sources said that the group’s plans for Ireland, where it can trace its operations back to 1926, are focused on expanding existing back-office functions in Dublin, rather than adding front-office roles. JP Morgan Bank (Ireland) is mainly involved in providing administration and accounting services to hedge funds and mutual funds as well as treasury and cash management services to clients globally. JPMorgan warns it could move thousands of jobs out of UK Financial firms look to Ireland as post-Brexit option, Noonan says Daiwa to make decision on Dublin ‘soon’ Speculation There had been a degree of speculation during the past month that JP Morgan could double its current 500-strong Irish workforce as a result of Brexit, as it emerged the bank was in talks to buy a building being developed in Dublin’s south docklands, which could accommodate more than 1,000 workers. However, sources said initial Brexit-related figures will be much lower than that. JP Morgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, said before the Brexit referendum last June that the bank could move up to 4,000 of its 16,000 UK workforce in the event of voters opting to quit the EU. In January, he said the final number of job relocations could be higher. Pinto said the group has to plan for a scenario where the UK companies lost their right to passport financial services across the single market. “We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there,” he said. Standard Chartered Separately, Standard Chartered, the Asia-focused but London-headquartered banking group, told shareholders at the group’s annual general meeting on Wednesday that it is in talks with regulators about making Frankfurt its European base once the UK leaves the EU. “The choice of Frankfurt is very natural as we have a branch there and we do euro clearing there,” group chairman Jose Vinals said. Frankfurt, home of the European Central Bank and its supervisory centre for euro-zone lenders, is beginning to emerge as a favoured location for international banks as they pick post-Brexit EU hubs. Goldman Sachs is also known to be among banks actively considering making Frankfurt its main EU base. Meanwhile, Barclays is said to have picked Dublin as its future European base, which may involve the movement of 150 jobs from London to Dublin. Credit Suisse and Bank of America Merrill Lynch are also looking at expanding their existing operations in Ireland.        Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Energy & Resources Canadians make 35% annual return on former State wind farms Work Irish corporate boards stretch the meaning of ‘independent’ Education University of Limerick faces inquiry into misconduct allegations Sport What’s on, where to watch, where to go – your guide to the weekend’s sport Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Danger for Ireland as Brexit talks get down and dirty 07:51 US employment growth rebounding and wages increasing 07:48 Macquarie eyes Irish banking licence as it reports record profits 07:45 Kennedy Wilson Europe cashes in on Portmanock weddings 07:36 FBD making steady progress as it looks to boost profitability 07:24 Most Read in Business 1 Canadians make 35% annual return on former State wind farms 2 Understanding why homes are vacant can help solve housing crisis 3 Danger for Ireland as Brexit talks get down and dirty 4 Sterling will rebound to pre-Brexit levels, says State Street 5 Kennedy Wilson Europe cashes in on Portmanock weddings 6 Delta Air Lines apologises for forcing family off flight 7 Brexit could cost Ireland 40,000 jobs, says Central Bank 8 Interns earn $8,000 a month at Facebook 9 DAA wins two Middle East airport shop contracts 10 Bank of Ireland to spend €10m on upgrading branch network Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Fri 5/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qorvo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qorvo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.55 Per Share Brokerages Expect Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.95 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $61.34 Million Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $79.4 Million Carl Domino Inc Holds Position in Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) 73,131 Shares in HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Acquired by Tower Bridge Advisors DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Acquires 45,402 Shares of Vantiv Inc (VNTV) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $5.069 Million Stake in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Sells 7,333 Shares of Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Stake Lowered by Copeland Capital Management LLC Copeland Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Canandaigua National Bank & Trust Co. Acquires 600 Shares of Xerox Corp (XRX) Copeland Capital Management LLC Sells 13,867 Shares of Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Copeland Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Shares Sold by Copeland Capital Management LLC Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co First Trust/Aberdeen Global Opportunity (FAM) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.14 Ducommun (DCO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ:QRVO) updated its first quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $0.70-0.90 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $1.03. The company issued revenue guidance of $610-650 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $700.77 million. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Qorvo in a report on Saturday, April 1st. Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on Qorvo in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued a buy rating for the company. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on Qorvo from $60.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock an equal weight rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. BMO Capital Markets cut Qorvo from an outperform rating to a market perform rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $72.00 to $58.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, MKM Partners reiterated a buy rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of Qorvo in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $64.62. Shares of Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ:QRVO) traded down 0.42% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $68.05. The company had a trading volume of 2,257,552 shares. Qorvo Inc has a 12 month low of $44.52 and a 12 month high of $72.42. The company’s market capitalization is $8.61 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of $68.90 and a 200-day moving average of $61.28. Qorvo (NASDAQ:QRVO) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The semiconductor company reported $0.85 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.04. Qorvo had a positive return on equity of 10.77% and a negative net margin of 3.22%. The business earned $643 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $632.12 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Qorvo Inc will post $4.52 earnings per share for the current year. In other news, Director Daniel A. Dileo sold 1,125 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.64, for a total transaction of $74,970.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 23,145 shares in the company, valued at $1,542,382.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP James L. Klein sold 5,465 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.22, for a total value of $389,217.30. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 39,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,845,381.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 143,947 shares of company stock valued at $9,701,014. Company insiders own 1.14% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/qorvo-inc-qrvo-updates-q1-earnings-guidance.html. About Qorvo Qorvo, Inc is a provider of technologies and radio frequency (RF) solutions for mobile, infrastructure and defense and aerospace applications. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets its products to the United States and international original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and original design manufacturers (ODMs). Receive News & Ratings for Qorvo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qorvo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.09 EPS Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Positive News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Stock Price Enphase Energy (ENPH) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.27 DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Community Trust Bancorp (CTBI) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.24 Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Receives $21.25 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renassnc Fd (GER) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Financial Engines Inc (FNGN) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC American Century Companies Inc. Decreases Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Popular Inc (BPOP) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Zions Bancorp (ZION) Shares Sold by Flinton Capital Management LLC Flinton Capital Management LLC Purchases 26,144 Shares of PVH Corp (PVH) Core Laboratories (CLB) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Has $94.898 Million Position in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Prudential Financial Inc (NYSE:PRU) posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The financial services provider reported $2.79 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.64 by $0.15. Prudential Financial had a net margin of 7.63% and a return on equity of 7.96%. During the same period last year, the company posted $2.18 EPS. Shares of Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) traded up 0.86% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $108.48. 2,082,496 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Prudential Financial has a 1-year low of $66.51 and a 1-year high of $114.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $46.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.17 and a beta of 1.69. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $106.46 and its 200 day moving average price is $103.33. A number of analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of Prudential Financial from $114.00 to $117.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of Prudential Financial from $108.00 to $113.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $117.00 price objective on shares of Prudential Financial in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “hold” rating and issued a $121.00 target price on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $108.92. In related news, Director George Paz bought 500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was acquired at an average price of $110.73 per share, for a total transaction of $55,365.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $55,365. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Barbara Koster sold 33,743 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $112.87, for a total transaction of $3,808,572.41. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 45,245 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,106,803.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.20% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.15 EPS” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/prudential-financial-inc-pru-posts-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-15-eps.html. Prudential Financial Company Profile Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Technology Group (ITG) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Highwoods Properties (HIW) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Laredo Petroleum (LPI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Will Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $221.02 Million $78.84 Million in Sales Expected for CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) This Quarter Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million Analysts Expect Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) CEO Sells 1,117 Shares of Stock Daniel J. Mitchell Buys 11,000 Shares of Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Stock Richard H. Dozer Sells 1,833 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock Thomas D. Longenecker Purchases 600 Shares of Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Stock Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) Releases Earnings Results Regional Management Corp (RM) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Allianz SE (NYSE:AZ) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the seven analysts that are presently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have issued a buy rating on the company. Several research firms have recently weighed in on AZ. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, March 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, March 17th. DZ Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, February 17th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Allianz SE (AZ) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/allianz-se-az-given-consensus-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. About Allianz SE Allianz SE is a financial service company. The Company is the holding company of the Allianz Group (Allianz SE and its subsidiaries). The Company’s segments include Property-Casualty, Life/Health, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other. The Company provides a range of reinsurance coverage, primarily to Allianz insurance entities, as well as to third-party customers. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Friday May 5 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access brexit JP Morgan to move staff out of UK Harry Wilson, City Editor May 4 2017, 12:00am, The Times The US bank warned that far more jobs could be relocated if there was no UK-EU passporting deal after BrexitEric Thayer/Reuters Hundreds of workers at JP Morgan will be moved to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as part of the US bank’s post-Brexit plans. Daniel Pinto, head of JP Morgan’s investment banking arm, said yesterday that the financial group would enlarge its three existing main European offices, with the loss of between 500 and 1,000 jobs in the UK. “We will have to move hundreds of people in the short-term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers,” he added in an interview with Bloomberg. JP Morgan has warned that as many as 4,000 jobs could move from London and its other offices around the country, including its Bournemouth operations centre, equivalent to about a quarter of… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 43,638 Shares of ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Bought by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Has $13.02 Million Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 13,957 Shares of Natus Medical Inc (BABY) WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Martin Kelly Sells 10,000 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Stock Popular Inc (BPOP) Director Sells $126,450.00 in Stock David Shapiro Sells 1,117 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Stock Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Algert Global LLC Has $2.261 Million Stake in Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR) Position Raised by Algert Global LLC Algert Global LLC Takes Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Algert Global LLC Buys 18,603 Shares of Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Algert Global LLC Cuts Position in NCI Building Systems Inc (NCS) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “ING GROEP-ADR is a global financial institution of Dutch origin offering banking, insurance and asset management to over 50 million private, corporate and institutional clients in 65 countries. ING can fully deliver what today’s clients expect: unlimited access, maximum convenience, immediate and accurate execution, personal advice, tailor-made solutions and competitive rates. “ Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on ING Groep NV in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Monday, February 13th. Societe Generale cut ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.00. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) traded up 0.48% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $16.67. The company had a trading volume of 3,488,311 shares. ING Groep NV has a 12 month low of $9.26 and a 12 month high of $16.71. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $15.37 and a 200-day moving average of $14.41. The company has a market capitalization of $64.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.12 and a beta of 1.38. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of $0.451 per share. This represents a yield of 6.15%. This is a boost from ING Groep NV’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 9th. ING Groep NV’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 45.11%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ING Groep NV (ING) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/ing-groep-nv-ing-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. World Asset Management Inc boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 8.1% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 259,126 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,198,000 after buying an additional 19,492 shares in the last quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 14.9% in the third quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 249,815 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,083,000 after buying an additional 32,470 shares in the last quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 9.4% in the third quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC now owns 1,258,976 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $15,536,000 after buying an additional 108,667 shares in the last quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 2.2% in the third quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN now owns 50,560 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $624,000 after buying an additional 1,078 shares in the last quarter. Finally, AMG National Trust Bank boosted its stake in ING Groep NV by 23.7% in the third quarter. AMG National Trust Bank now owns 118,002 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,456,000 after buying an additional 22,571 shares in the last quarter. 1.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ING Groep NV (ING) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Diplomat Pharmacy Inc (DPLO) Receives $17.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Gerry Weber International AG (GWI1) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages RWE AG (RWE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Saga PLC (SAGA) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Set Smart REIT (SRU.UN) Price Target at $36.25 NuVasive (NUVA) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Power Integrations (POWI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Nelnet (NNI) Share Price New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Reinhart Partners Inc. Sells 88 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Shares Sold by CT Mason 8,089 Shares in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Montag A & Associates Inc. Has $4.559 Million Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Reinhart Partners Inc. Buys New Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $1.466 Million Stake in Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Reinhart Partners Inc. Acquires 210 Shares of Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Reinhart Partners Inc. Takes Position in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Reinhart Partners Inc. Has $2.225 Million Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Andres Reiner Sells 52,698 Shares Saga PLC (SAGA) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the seven research firms that are presently covering the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 225 ($2.91). Several brokerages have issued reports on SAGA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 215 ($2.78) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday. Peel Hunt restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.23) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.58) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an “add” rating and set a GBX 235 ($3.03) price target on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Beaufort Securities reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Saga PLC in a report on Thursday, March 30th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/saga-plc-saga-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. In other news, insider Jonathan Hill sold 24,683 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 208 ($2.69), for a total transaction of £51,340.64 ($66,288.75). Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) traded up 0.19% on Friday, reaching GBX 211.80. 3,117,488 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Saga PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 175.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 227.38. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.36 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 207.33 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 195.88. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of GBX 5.80 ($0.07) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a boost from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. This represents a dividend yield of 2.84%. Saga PLC Company Profile Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
