Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EQT Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT Bancorp Has $244,000 Position in EQT Co. (EQT) Athena Capital Advisors LLC Has $3,376,000 Stake in AstraZeneca plc (AZN) US Bancorp DE Sells 132,845 Shares of LKQ Co. (LKQ) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Cuts Position in UGI Corp (UGI) IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Reduces Position in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Reduced by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Position Boosted by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $1.132 Million Position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Releases Earnings Results Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Control4 Corp (CTRL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Antero Resources Corp (AR) to Release Earnings on Monday ICF International Inc (ICFI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Ares Management LP (ARES) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages AT Bancorp Has $244,000 Position in EQT Co. (EQT) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AT Bancorp maintained its stake in shares of EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,000 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. AT Bancorp’s holdings in EQT were worth $244,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of EQT by 8.6% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 17,065,832 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $1,239,321,000 after buying an additional 1,344,202 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of EQT during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $80,536,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of EQT by 5.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,117,821 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $1,243,095,000 after buying an additional 933,499 shares during the period. Mik Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of EQT during the third quarter valued at approximately $61,196,000. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in shares of EQT by 9.1% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 9,035,038 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $552,041,000 after buying an additional 756,782 shares during the period. 93.46% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) traded up 3.50% during trading on Friday, reaching $58.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,621,616 shares. The company’s market cap is $10.06 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $60.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $63.72. EQT Co. has a 52 week low of $55.36 and a 52 week high of $80.61. EQT (NYSE:EQT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. EQT had a negative return on equity of 0.53% and a negative net margin of 28.16%. The business had revenue of $897.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $713.65 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.07 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 64.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that EQT Co. will post $1.44 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a dividend of $0.03 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.21%. EQT’s dividend payout ratio is -4.49%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/at-bancorp-has-244000-position-in-eqt-co-eqt.html. EQT has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. BMO Capital Markets cut EQT from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $75.00 to $73.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. TheStreet cut EQT from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Tudor Pickering raised EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Scotiabank set a $80.00 target price on EQT and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. EQT presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $81.64. In other EQT news, Director A. Bray Jr. Cary acquired 421 shares of EQT stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was bought at an average cost of $61.10 per share, for a total transaction of $25,723.10. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider M Elise Hyland sold 3,479 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.56, for a total transaction of $210,688.24. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 15,941 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $965,386.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.10% of the company’s stock. EQT Company Profile EQT Corporation is a natural gas company. The Company operates through three segments: EQT Production, EQT Gathering and EQT Transmission. The EQT Production segment includes its exploration for, and development and production of, natural gas, natural gas liquids and a limited amount of crude oil, primarily in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT). Receive News & Ratings for EQT Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Independent Bank Co.(MI) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Independent Bank Co.(MI) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Has $366,000 Position in Corium International Inc (CORI) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Maintains Position in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) CU Bancorp (CUNB) Stake Held by Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Purchases Shares of 101,310 Digirad Co. (DRAD) Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Maintains Position in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Purchases 22,802 Shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (TNP) 33,833 Shares in Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Acquired by Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Affect FedEx (FDX) Share Price MakeMyTrip Limited (MMYT) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Impact Evertec (EVTC) Share Price FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (FNF) Adient PLC (ADNT) Expected to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.54 Per Share Jernigan Capital Inc to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.35 (JCAP) Syngenta AG (SYT) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Gamco Investors Inc Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.02 (GBL) National Bank Financial Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd (WDO) Torex Gold Resources Inc (TXG) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.53 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Vermilion Energy (VET) Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Maintains Position in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust continued to hold its stake in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (NASDAQ:IBCP) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 50,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust owned approximately 0.23% of Independent Bank Co.(MI) worth $1,035,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Independent Bank Co.(MI) by 13.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 189,739 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,194,000 after buying an additional 22,314 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in Independent Bank Co.(MI) by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 407,458 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $8,842,000 after buying an additional 16,297 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Independent Bank Co.(MI) during the fourth quarter valued at about $8,769,000. Numeric Investors LLC raised its stake in Independent Bank Co.(MI) by 10.0% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 366,309 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,949,000 after buying an additional 33,220 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Martingale Asset Management L P raised its stake in Independent Bank Co.(MI) by 73.8% in the fourth quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 99,433 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,158,000 after buying an additional 42,215 shares during the last quarter. 79.98% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Independent Bank Co (NASDAQ:IBCP) traded down 1.35% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $21.90. The stock had a trading volume of 11,893 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $21.00 and a 200-day moving average of $20.26. The company has a market cap of $467.06 million, a PE ratio of 19.19 and a beta of 0.29. Independent Bank Co has a 12-month low of $13.42 and a 12-month high of $23.65. Independent Bank Co.(MI) (NASDAQ:IBCP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, April 24th. The financial services provider reported $0.28 EPS for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.28. Independent Bank Co.(MI) had a return on equity of 9.26% and a net margin of 17.67%. The firm had revenue of $31.81 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $30.98 million. Equities research analysts forecast that Independent Bank Co will post $1.21 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th will be issued a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.80%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. Independent Bank Co.(MI)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 37.74%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust Maintains Position in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/emerald-mutual-fund-advisers-trust-maintains-position-in-independent-bank-co-mi-ibcp.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Independent Bank Co.(MI) from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $24.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. In related news, CEO William B. Kessel sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.42, for a total value of $67,260.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 107,428 shares in the company, valued at $2,408,535.76. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Robert N. Shuster sold 5,660 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.71, for a total value of $117,218.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 55,766 shares in the company, valued at $1,154,913.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 55,453 shares of company stock worth $1,203,566 over the last quarter. 5.38% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Independent Bank Co.(MI) Company Profile Independent Bank Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company owns all of the outstanding stock of Independent Bank (the Bank). The Bank focuses on commercial banking industry. The Bank offers a range of banking services to individuals and businesses, including checking and savings accounts, commercial lending, direct and indirect consumer financing, mortgage lending and safe deposit box services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IBCP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Independent Bank Co.(MI) (NASDAQ:IBCP). Receive News & Ratings for Independent Bank Co.(MI) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Independent Bank Co.(MI) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Retirees, Survive and Thrive in the Gig Economy Store Log in SLIDE SHOW Which Warehouse Club Is Best for Your Wallet? QUIZ Are You Saving Enough for Your Retirement? SLIDE SHOW 13 Ways to Simplify Your Finances SLIDE SHOW Best Stocks Under $20 to Buy Now Advertisement Careers Retirees, Survive and Thrive in the Gig Economy With hundreds of online platforms focused on everything from ride-sharing to legal services, there's a good chance you can find work that fits your interests and expertise. iStockphoto By Eleanor Laise, Senior Editor From Kiplinger's Retirement Report, May 2017 How's this for a job description? Set your own hours, and work as much or as little as you like. Work from the comfort of your own home, or perhaps your vehicle. Use whatever you have to offer—whether it's professional expertise, an extra bedroom or simply your spare time—to earn some extra cash, stay engaged or try out new career paths. SEE ALSO: 6 Reasons to Work Past Retirement Age That's the nature of work in the "gig economy," also known as the "sharing" or "on demand" economy, a world where online intermediaries connect independent workers with customers—and it's everyday life for a growing number of seniors looking to supplement their income. Older adults are driving for Uber, the ride-sharing service; renting out their spare rooms or vacation homes to travelers through Airbnb; and pet-sitting through DogVacay. More than 400,000 seniors are now doing gig work through such online platforms, according to a recent study by the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Although the gig economy is often seen as the province of millennials, older on-demand workers are getting a greater share of their income from these platforms than younger people, the study found. On many gig platforms, the ranks of older workers are growing fast. A November report from Airbnb, for example, notes that the number of U.S. hosts age 60 and older climbed more than 100% over the previous 12 months, making them the fastest-growing host age group on the home-sharing platform. With hundreds of online platforms focused on everything from ride-sharing to legal services, consulting and health care, there's a good chance you can find gig work that fits your interests and expertise. "There's something for everybody, and that is one of the exciting parts of this," says Fiona Greig, director of consumer research at JPMorgan Chase Institute. Advertisement In many ways, gig work can be a perfect fit for baby boomers and older adults looking to generate extra income. You can work just a week or two here and there, leaving plenty of time for travel and other interests, or use part-time on-demand work as a way to smooth the transition from a 40-hour work week to full-time retirement. Gig jobs often provide social interaction for seniors who might otherwise feel isolated. And because there are typically no job interviews, there's less risk of age discrimination, which can make it tough for seniors to find traditional employment. But there are also some big challenges. Instead of a steady paycheck, gig work tends to provide lumpy, unpredictable income. That makes budgeting difficult. On-demand workers generally don't get traditional workplace benefits, such as 401(k)s and health insurance, or unemployment benefits when they're out of work. And because they're typically considered self-employed, gig workers must carefully track their income and expenses, make quarterly estimated tax payments, and deal with other tax headaches. Seniors are turning to gig work as they face longer life spans and traditional employment becomes tougher to find. While employment in traditional jobs declined slightly between 2005 and 2015, the percentage of workers in alternative work arrangements—including temp agency and on-call workers and independent contractors—climbed to nearly 16% in late 2015, from about 10% in early 2005, according to recent research from the National Bureau of Economic Research. The sharpest rise in alternative work arrangements was among workers age 55 to 75, the study found. Many gig-economy platforms are actively reaching out to older adults. In a temporary partnership that ended last year, Uber teamed up with Life Reimagined, an AARP subsidiary that helps people navigate life transitions, to offer financial incentives and educational events to Life Reimagined members who signed up to become drivers. Airbnb has published research on how home-sharing can help older people remain in their homes as they age. And the Freebird Club, a new home-sharing platform launched in April, is focused solely on older adults, limiting membership to those ages 50 and up. Advertisement Find the Right Fit The sprawling gig economy is no longer just about ride-sharing and renting out spare rooms. To find the right platform for you, first consider what you have to offer. If you speak a foreign language or play a musical instrument, you could teach lessons through Take-Lessons. If you have a car or an RV that you rarely use, you can rent it out through Turo or RV Share. If you're a lawyer, consultant or health care professional, you can find gig work through UpCounsel, Catalant or Doctor On Demand. To get a sense of the variety of gig work available, check out the list put together by Hurdlr, a service that helps gig workers track their income and expenses. Also think about what you want to get out of your gig work—whether it's simply extra cash, social interaction, growing your small business or testing out a career change. If you're ready for a career change, gig platforms offer a low-risk way to try something new. "One of the nicest things about these platforms is you don't have to have an existing network to get started," because the online platforms can instantly match you with potential clients, says Steve King, partner at Emergent Research, a small-business research and consulting firm. "If you've been an accountant and now want to make movies, you can do that," he says, through platforms such as Fiverr, an online marketplace that matches customers with freelancers in video, music, design and other fields. Other platforms are particularly well-suited for seniors looking to socialize. The Freebird Club, the new home-sharing platform for older adults, is like Airbnb, "but a very social version which is geared toward companionship," says Peter Mangan, founder and chief executive officer. Unlike Airbnb, where many vacant properties are listed as short-term vacation rentals, Freebird lists only properties where the host is currently living. Instead of seeing only an accommodation listing, potential guests see hosts' profiles, complete with personal interests and hobbies, and hosts can see guests' profiles. As a host, you can choose the level of interaction with guests you prefer, whether it's minimal interaction, sharing meals when possible or spending time together visiting local sights. "We want people to select each other based on perceived compatibility and shared interest," Mangan says. Advertisement For Forrest Greenslade, home-sharing started out as a financial safety net, but it quickly became an engaging social activity and support for his second-act career. Greenslade, age 77, retired as president of a women's health organization in 2000, thinking he would write management books and do some public speaking. But a heart attack in 2001 forced him to abandon that plan, and he turned instead to painting and sculpting. Then, the financial crisis and recession "ate up my 401(k)," says Greenslade, who lives in Pittsboro, N.C. So four years ago, Greenslade and his wife turned the apartment over their garage, which Greenslade had been using as an art studio, into an Airbnb rental. That generates roughly $12,000 to $15,000 in annual rental income, Greenslade says, and the apartment, decorated with Greenslade's paintings, "attracts people who have common interests with us" who hang out and drink wine in the garden with their hosts. Guests sometimes even purchase a piece of Greenslade's art. "We've had a wonderful experience," he says. Get Real If you're considering gig work, set reasonable expectations by researching the platforms that interest you, your earnings potential and the challenges ahead. Ideally, "you don't just arrive at 64 and quit your job and decide to do gig work,” says George Schofield, author of After 50 It's Up to Us: Developing the Skill and Agility We'll Need (Clarity Group, $15). Network with other on-demand workers, asking about their successes and failures, and consider picking up some gig work while you still have a traditional job. Advertisement When estimating your potential earnings, remember that there may be many workers competing for the same gigs. In recent research by Emergent and Intuit, 62% of gig workers said getting enough work is a challenge. "Frankly, if you're trying to use most of these platforms for full-time work, you're facing an uphill battle," King says. Although it's relatively easy to get started with gig work, it may take some time to learn how to maximize your income on any given platform, says Garrick Chow, who teaches a course on working in the on-demand economy through the online education company Lynda.com. Ride-sharing drivers, for example, may need to pinpoint the most profitable times to drive, rather than driving around all day wasting gas. Be prepared for your income to come in fits and starts. More than half of gig workers in the Emergent/Intuit survey said that unpredictable income was a challenge. "One way to manage that volatility is to be sure you're withdrawing income you need from cash reserves" or other ultra-safe assets, rather than relying on gig income to pay the bills, says Rebekah Barsch, vice president of planning and sales at Northwestern Mutual. Gig workers should keep at least six months' worth of living expenses in cash, she says. Many gig workers need to sock money away when work is plentiful so they have savings to carry them through the lean times. Lori Clinch, age 53, of Winter Haven, Fla., started pet-sitting through DogVacay four years ago. "Normally I'm turning people away," she says, but business tends to dry up in January and February, when the snowbirds are in their Florida homes and have no need for pet-sitting. So Clinch has learned to step up her savings in November and December, when business tends to be brisk. You may also need to construct your own safety net. Gig work generally doesn't offer an employer-provided retirement plan, disability insurance or health care coverage. Consider putting a good chunk of your gig income into an IRA or other retirement-savings vehicle. Organizations such as The Freelancers Union and Peers.org can help you construct your own benefits package, complete with health coverage and disability insurance. Get Organized As a gig worker, you’re generally considered self-employed. You won’t have an employer to withhold taxes from your paycheck, and you’ll need to carefully track your income and expenses. On-demand platforms may or may not send you a 1099 showing the income you’ve earned during the year. Regardless of whether you receive a 1099, "the income will remain taxable," and you should keep your own records, says Mike Slack, lead tax research analyst at the Tax Institute at H&R Block. Apps such as Hurdlr and Everlance are designed to help gig workers track their income and expenses and get a real-time picture of their profits and taxes owed. Document gig-related expenses as they are incurred so you can deduct them on your tax return. If you're a ride-sharing driver, for example, create a business-versus-personal mileage log in real time. The IRS "does not look with favor on a log created on April 15," says Mark Luscombe, principal federal tax analyst at Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting. Ride-sharing drivers may also deduct tolls, parking fees and the portion of cell-phone expenses that's attributable to work as a driver. If you're renting out a home, or just a room, you may be able to deduct a portion of your real estate taxes, insurance and utilities. Apps focused on specific types of gig work can help with the bookkeeping. These include SherpaShare for drivers and Guesty for Airbnb hosts. Gig workers generally need to file a Schedule C self-employment tax return and pay 15.3% self-employment tax, which covers Social Security and Medicare taxes. To avoid underpayment penalties, you'll typically need to make quarterly estimated tax payments. But if you still have a traditional employer, you can ask that employer to boost the withholding from your paycheck to cover the taxes you'll owe on your gig work, Slack says. Or you can increase the withholding on any required minimum distributions you are taking from retirement accounts (see The RMD Solution to the Hassle of Filing Estimated Taxes in Retirement). If you're renting out your home, you'll likely need to file Schedule E and pay tax on your rental income. You may also owe self-employment taxes if you provide what the IRS calls "substantial services" to renters, such as meals and transportation, Slack says. In response to the rapid growth of the gig economy, the IRS last year launched the Sharing Economy Tax Center, with links to tax tips and publications for gig workers. For many seniors, however, gig work is just one piece of a much bigger retirement-income puzzle. Leta Miller, age 61, became an Airbnb host in 2013, renting out one room in her four-bedroom Wichita, Kan., home. That only brings in about $1,000 a year, she says, so she also prepares tax returns for three months a year, does some bookkeeping and teaches yoga, while her husband, a musician, also does some computer-related gig work. While home-sharing isn't making them rich, it helps them avoid dipping into their retirement savings—and Miller sees few downsides. "The only time we’ve had a drawback," she says, "was somebody who snored really badly." SEE ALSO: 12 Sites to Help You Save and Make Money by Sharing Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Check Out Kiplinger's Latest Online Broker Rankings Advertisement More From Kiplinger Most Popular Most Shared 10 Things That Will Soon Disappear Forever (And 7 That Refuse to Die) - Slide Show 15 Worst States to Live in During Retirement - Slide Show Kirkland Products You Should Buy at Costco - Slide Show 10 Most Expensive U.S. Cities to Live In - Slide Show Most Popular Most Shared Where Do You Rank as a Taxpayer? - Article 15 Worst States to Live in During Retirement - Slide Show 25 Best Mutual Funds for Low Fees - Slide Show Better Rates for Savers, Finally - Article Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Sat, May 6, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Less than quarter of London bankers pleased with 2016 bonus Banking now ‘highly scrutinised’ and no longer perceived as a glamorous job about 17 hours ago Some 61% of Deutsche Bank’s employees in London were dissatisfied with their bonuses, followed by 52% at Credit Suisse Group and 50% at BNP Paribas         Less than a quarter of London’s investment bankers were pleased with their 2016 bonuses, with staff at Deutsche Bank the most disgruntled after chief executive John Cryan slashed discretionary compensation for many top traders and advisers. By a small margin, those at JPMorgan Chase were happiest. Some 61 per cent of the German bank’s employees were dissatisfied with their bonuses, followed by 52 per cent at Credit Suisse Group and 50 per cent at BNP Paribas, salary benchmarking company Emolument. com said in a statement, citing a survey of 1,640 people at 18 banks. At the other end of the scale, 30 per cent of JPMorgan front-office workers were dissatisfied with their variable pay, and 28 per cent admitted to being pleased. In aggregate, 23 per cent of bankers were happy with their bonuses. European firms’ bankers in the city of London suffered a harsh year for payouts as they fell even further behind Wall Street in trading share, while Brexit has thrown the future of London as a financial centre into doubt. As misconduct fines erased billions in profit last year, executives at Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse responded by slashing jobs and giving many senior dealmakers zero bonus, or a “doughnut” in banker parlance. American banks American banks once again paid better than their British or European counterparts, Emolument data show. A London-based vice-president at a US firm got on average £235,000 (€277,000) in total compensation, about £60,000 (€50,800) more than a counterpart at a UK-based bank. “High pay does not allay bankers’ frustration with their careers,” said Alice Leguay, co-founder of Emolument. “Banking is no longer perceived as a glamorous job, now highly scrutinised and regulated, with many shackled to it in order to fund their existing lifestyles while awaiting the right opportunity to switch to the hedge fund or private-equity sectors.” Major European firms’ total share of revenue from trading stocks and bonds, which was 35 per cent three years ago, dropped below 26 per cent for a second straight quarter in the first three months of this year, according to Bloomberg Intelligence data.       Topics: Alice Leguay John Cryan BNP-Paribas Bloomberg Credit Suisse Deutsche Bank Emolument Read More FBD makes steady progress as it looks to boost profitability Macquarie eyes Irish banking licence as it reports record profits MaplesFS plans to add staff after Dublin office move Bank of Ireland to spend €10m on upgrading branch network Health insurance helps drive 44% profit rise at Irish Life PTSB appoints Ger Mitchell as group HR director HSBC’s shares rise after Q1 profits beat forecasts SocGen to pay €963m in settlement with Libyan wealth fund JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of bankers to Dublin JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Retail & Services Mercantile pub group to be split between warring shareholders Economy Chris Johns: identity politics will not solve economic problems Irish News Families of Berkeley balcony collapse reach $20m partial settlement Rugby ‘Rugby is all I’d been doing for more than 10 years’ Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Republic battens down the hatches for a hard Brexit 07:44 Shortfall in tax returns points to tight Budget 2018 06:45 Third terminal at Dublin Airport faces long wait for take-off 06:44 Who will get what in the Mercantile divorce? 05:26 Paddy Power Betfair’s biggest backer increases stake 05:00 Most Read in Business 1 Who will get what in the Mercantile divorce? 2 Dutch state railway sets up new Irish tax avoidance firm 3 Third terminal at Dublin Airport faces long wait for take-off 4 Republic battens down the hatches for a hard Brexit 5 Shortfall in tax returns points to tight Budget 2018 6 Delta Air Lines apologises for forcing family off flight 7 Danger for Ireland as Brexit talks get down and dirty 8 Take your pick: Four measures of housing activity 9 Norwegian Air’s US flights face court challenge 10 Entrepreneur aims to create up to 800 jobs in Navan Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 6/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan Has 3 Top Pick Large Cap Pharmaceuticals to Buy for the Rest of 2017 By Lee Jackson May 5, 2017 8:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet One segment in the markets that has been dogged with issues for almost two years is the big pharmaceuticals, as numerous factors have kept the lid on share prices and, in some cases, kept the headlines right in investors’ faces. The biggest issue is the seemingly constant and somewhat shrill rhetoric from attention-seeking politicians over drug prices. While that may play well with constituents, it can be difficult for companies trying to deliver for shareholders. In a new research report, the outstanding team at JPMorgan make the case that the best place for investors to look when considering large cap drug stocks is companies that have strong new product cycles already in motion. They also focus on stocks with attractive top-line and margin expansion potential. Three make the grade, and are all rated Overweight. Allergan This company has had a very strong run off lows printed in December. This stock has had a very strong run off lows printed in December. Allergan Inc. (NYSE: AGN) develops, manufactures and markets branded pharmaceutical products. Its growth has been driven largely by acquisitions supported by internal growth, with significant acquisitions of the “old” Allergan, Forest and Warner-Chilcott. Allergan markets a portfolio of best-in-class products that provide valuable treatments for the central nervous system, eye care, medical aesthetics, gastroenterology, women’s health, urology, cardiovascular and anti-infective therapeutic categories, and it operates the world’s third-largest global generics business, providing patients around the globe with increased access to affordable, high-quality medicines. Allergan is an industry leader in research and development, with one of the broadest development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry and a leading position in the submission of generic product applications globally. The company is set to report first quarter results on May 9, so investors may want to buy partial positions in front of the release. Allergan shareholders are paid a 1.15% dividend. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $300, and the Wall Street consensus target is $273.69. The shares closed Thursday at $245.25. Bristol-Myers Squibb This top company remains a favorite at Jefferies and ranks as the fourth top global pick. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) is a global pharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, licensing and marketing chemically synthesized drugs or small molecules and biologics in various therapeutic areas, including virology comprising human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV), oncology, neuroscience, immunoscience and cardiovascular. The company recently announced that Biogen will pay $300 million upfront to Bristol-Myers to license a palsy drug with a $2 billion market opportunity and the potential to use that to treat Alzheimer’s. The company will pay a total of $410 million in milestone payments and a tiered double-digit royalty to license a drug known only as BMS-986168. The drug just completed Phase 1 testing in progressive supranuclear palsy. The company reported first-quarter profit and revenue that exceeded Wall Street expectations. The results included a 60% increase in global revenues for cancer drug Opdivo, compared with the year-earlier period, Shareholders receive a 2.83% dividend. JPMorgan has a $66 price objective, and the consensus target price is $56.33. The shares closed on Thursday at $55.19. Eli Lilly This stock also has substantial upside potential. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) is a global health care company with numerous core products in a number of primary-care pharmaceutical markets. The company generates revenues from its pharmaceutical product and animal health segments. The product portfolio includes Zyprexa (for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder), Gemzar (pancreatic cancer), Evista (osteoporosis), Cymbalta (depression), Cialis (erectile dysfunction), Strattera (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder), Erbitux (cancer) and Alimta (chemotherapy). Eli Lilly also has a strong presence in the diabetes market. Recently, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis made by Eli Lilly and partner Incyte. The FDA indicated that additional clinical data was needed to determine the most appropriate doses of the drug, Olumiant (baricitinib) and to further characterize safety concerns across treatment arms. The request for additional data possibly means more than a year’s delay for this important product for both companies, and it represents a break for other drugmakers who were expected to face tough competition from Olumiant. Eli Lilly also reported a bigger-than-expected quarterly adjusted profit as the drugmaker benefited from higher demand for its newer products including diabetes treatment Trulicity and psoriasis drug Taltz. Sales in its newer drugs, including Taltz, Trulicity and lung cancer treatment Cyramza, more than doubled in the first quarter. Shareholders are paid a 2.5% dividend. The JPMorgan price objective is $100. The consensus target is $89.10, and shares closed Thursday at $83.04. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Even though the president wants to see lower drug prices, these things move slowly, and with the push to replace Obamacare, the tax reform pledges, and many other agenda items could back-burner any big push on drug prices. Plus, with a nervous markets, pharmaceuticals are always seen as safer havens for investors. By Lee Jackson « Are Analysts Now Chasing McDonald’s Up Too High? Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Celgene, Continental Resources, Hess, Renewable Energy, US Bancorp, Zynga and Many More » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, featured, pharmaceuticals, Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools The Most Dangerous States in America 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America The Most Expensive City in Each State The Safest States in America Recent Frontier Communications, SeaDrill Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club DuPont, Apple Drive DJIA Higher on Friday OPEC Crude Oil Production Unchanged in April: Platts Wal-Mart’s No-Interest Financing Plan Is a Good Deal for Consumers Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Is Compound Interest? Workiva Sees Revenue Growth Slowing Further 4 New, Must-See Quotes From Facebook, Inc. Management Berkshire Hathaway Q1 operating earnings $3.56 bln vs $3.74 bln year ago Berkshire Hathaway Class A Q1 EPS $2,469 vs $3,401 year ago S&P 500 marks first record close since March 1 Here's Why Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) Stock Popped 19.5% Today A Grind Ahead for the Steel Industry How to Double Your Stock Returns in 2017 Police officer shot in face, shooter holed up in motel room Asian development lender takes stock as US policy shifts Aunt Jemima frozen pancakes, waffles, French toast recalled L.A. City Council Resolution Presses For Trump Impeachment Probe More Than 5,600 Pounds Of Beef, Pork And Veal Recalled For E. Coli The Amazon Reviews Of Ivanka's New Book Pretty Adequately Sum Up America Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/5/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/5/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 10 Biggest Banks in America Big banks keep getting bigger. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 5, 2017 at 6:26AM Ever since the financial crisis, people have bemoaned too-big-to-fail banks, yet these institutions continue getting bigger. Following first-quarter earnings season, here are the 10 biggest banks in America: Bank* Total Assets (Millions)** JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) $2,546,290 Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) $2,247,701 Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) $1,951,564 Citigroup (NYSE:C) $1,821,635 US Bancorp $449,522 PNC Financial Services $370,944 BB&T $220,501 SunTrust Banks $205,642 Citizens Financial $150,285 Fifth Third Bancorp $140,200 *Includes only commercial banks based in the United States. **As of March 31, 2017. Data source: YCharts.com. While most people tend to associate size with strength and competitive advantage, it cuts both ways in the bank industry. The nation's biggest banks, the so-called global systematically important banks, or G-SIBs, including JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup, all have to hold more capital than smaller and simpler banks. JPMorgan Chase must set aside 3.5% more of its capital, Citigroup faces a 3% surcharge, and Bank of America is at 2.5%. This may not seem like a lot, but every bit of lost leverage matters in an industry as fiercely competitive as banking. Another benefit that smaller banks have is that they can continue to grow by merging with or acquiring other banks. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo aren't as lucky. Because they each hold more than 10% of the nation's deposits, they're prohibited by law from acquiring more depository institutions. Being big isn't all it's cracked up to be when it comes to banking. Image source: Getty Images. On the other hand, there are advantages when it comes to size. In the first place, bigger banks tend to benefit from economies of scale, making them more efficient on a size-adjusted basis than regional or community banks. With size also comes diversity of assets, reducing a bank's concentration in any particular area. Big banks tend to operate nationally or globally, instead of regionally or locally. Large banks like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup, in particular, also balance out their commercial banks with investment banks, further diversifying their revenue streams and reducing risk. Finally, big banks have big budgets to invest in things like heightened compliance requirements or innovative new technologies. This has helped all of these banks emerge as leaders of both online and mobile banking. At the end of the first quarter, for instance, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo had a combined 70 million active users of their mobile banking apps. There are thus pluses and minuses to being among the nation's 10 biggest banks by assets. In the final analysis, in turn -- at least when it comes to bank stocks -- size alone matters less than one might think. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America, US Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 5, 2017 at 6:26AM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $60.24 up $0.03 (0.05%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.74 down $0.11 (-0.46%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 down $0.10 (-0.11%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.11 down $0.07 (-0.13%) Read More This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report 22 Million People Use Bank of America's Mobile App The 10 Largest Financial Institutions in the World by Market Value Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 10 Biggest Banks in America @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us 'The White House just couldn't let this go' Trump busting presidential norms with weekend getaways Abortion politics trip up blue-state GOP governor House oversight panel to investigate Iran deal Will Hurd Is the Future of the GOP* Even red states are wary of ditching Obamacare protections Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print TRUMP’S BIG QUESTION: Are you with me? -- House health care bill DOA in Senate -- Behind-the-scenes at the First Lady’s Lunch – CINDY MCCAIN to State? – ‘SHATTERED’ optioned for TV -- B’DAY: Ryan Heath By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/05/17 06:42 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2qLsqj7 ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Good Friday morning and happy Cinco de Mayo. Story Continued Below FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP attended the annual First Lady’s Lunch hosted by the Congressional Club at the Washington Hilton. This year’s theme was a “New Direction,” complete with compass table clothes. HIGHLIGHTS: Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch’s wife Marie Louise got a huge round of applause when she walked the runway escorted by a military officer, as is the tradition. Melania Trump broke with tradition and did not walk the runway. Instead she went to the dais in a soft blue pantsuit after everyone was already at their chairs. SPOTTED: Kellyanne Conway, Karen Pence, who introduced the first lady, Paul Pelosi, Janna Ryan and several female ambassadors. THE GIFT BAG: A custom-made Congressional Club tote filled with goodies. The bag http://bit.ly/2qJJCW6 … The label http://bit.ly/2pKZkAX Not custom-made: The cream shawl with a “Made in China” label on the back of each chair that attendees were encouraged to take. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh ‘ARE YOU WITH ME?’ -- That was the question President Donald Trump asked wary House Republicans as he tried to turn them to vote for the health care bill. Make no mistake: this is a big win for Trump. It wasn’t him alone who pushed this bill across the finish line, but he, VP Mike Pence and their staff worked hand in glove with House GOP leadership. ONE GREAT DETAIL: Trump called House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy with a list of Republican lawmakers he thought the Californian should talk to. McCarthy was taken aback, because he was the whip and knows the conference like the back of his hand. Turns out that Trump’s list was pretty accurate, and after some conversations, they all ended up voting for the bill. PIC DU JOUR – Philip Bump (@pbump): “I feel like this photo from Carlos Barria of Reuters may pop up a lot over the next 18 months.” http://bit.ly/2pGCYSI DEPT. OF DEAD ON ARRIVAL … -- NYT’s TOM KAPLAN and ROBERT PEAR: “The House measure faces profound uncertainty in the Senate, where a handful of Republican senators immediately rejected it, signaling that they would start work on a new version of the bill virtually from scratch. ‘To the extent that the House solves problems, we might borrow ideas,’ said Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, chairman of the Senate health committee. ‘We can go to conference with the House, or they can pass our bill.’” http://nyti.ms/2p3G30v -- POLITICO’s BURGESS EVERETT and JEN HABERKORN: “‘We’re writing a Senate bill and not passing the House bill,’ said Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn). ‘We’ll take whatever good ideas we find there that meet our goals.’ … ‘Like y’all, I’m still waiting to see if it’s a boy or a girl,’ said Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.). ‘Any bill that has been posted less than 24 hours, going to be debated three or four hours, not scored? Needs to be viewed with suspicion.’ … ‘I turned the volume off some time ago and have no idea what the House is even passing,’ Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said shortly before the House vote was scheduled.” http://politi.co/2p3GFDB -- THE STRATEGY: The top-level aides we talk to say Senate Republicans will put forward their own package, in order to get into a formal negotiation between the Senate and House. The end product will invariably be a more liberal bill, but when you’re that close to the goal line, Republicans will try mightily to push each other over for the touchdown. Only time will tell if that will work. THE TICK TOCKS … -- WAPO: “How the House got a health-care bill after Trump and Ryan stepped back,” by Karen Tumulty and Bob Costa: “The rescue effort that pulled the Republicans back from the brink of failure on health care began quietly, with two House members who are not exactly household names trying to find common ground on a little-noticed issue. They were Rep. Tom MacArthur (R-N.J.), a leader of the moderate House Republican bloc that calls itself the Tuesday Group, and Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), chairman of the conservative and hard-line House Freedom Caucus. The question at hand was giving states more flexibility by allowing them to come up with their own ways of achieving cost savings and providing coverage. ... While staying at the beach with his family over the House’s two-week Easter recess last month, ‘I took pen to paper,’ MacArthur recalled. ‘I presented it to the speaker and talked about it with Mark Meadows, and it got life. It moved.’” http://wapo.st/2pNdkfF -- POLITICO: “‘The White House just couldn’t let this go’: The inside story of how Trump and the Republicans got Obamacare repeal through the House. (Hint: It wasn’t pretty.),” by Rachael Bade and Josh Dawsey: “Sitting in the Oval Office Tuesday evening, Trump dialed Upton in his congressional office. The president raised his voice and swore at Upton several times during a 10-minute conversation, sources familiar with the call said. But Upton stood his ground. He explained that he, like Trump, wanted to ensure people with preexisting conditions were protected, even quoting the president verbatim talking about the need to do so. … “Upton and Trump convened at the White House on Wednesday for a much more pleasant meeting. ‘The president was happy to sign off on their deal,’ one senior administration official familiar with the meeting said. ‘It was all peace and love.’” http://politi.co/2pfT2s7 GLENN THRUSH and MAGGIE HABERMAN -- LEAD OF THE DAY -- “The Republican health care overhaul might never become law, but it has already changed the life of one American: Reince Priebus, who knew it was his best and perhaps last hope of becoming an empowered White House chief of staff. … “[H]e viewed it as a personal make-or-break moment, and interviews with two dozen West Wing aides and Republican officials confirmed that another big loss on health care would probably have been an unrecoverable blow to an already weakened Mr. Priebus. … He responded by texting, calling and buttonholing Republicans, especially Mr. Ryan -- badgering him for weeks to bring some version of the bill to the floor and demanding votes despite being short of support, with an angry insistence that tested their two-Cheeseheads-are-better-than-one friendship.” http://nyti.ms/2pcQ86R ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: To drive sustainable, widespread and inclusive growth, it’s imperative to help underserved entrepreneurs connect with capital. Read more about Small Business Forward, JPMorgan Chase’s $75 million commitment to support women, minority and veteran owned small businesses, in the company’s Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2oQdyPe ****** THE POLITICAL IMPACT … -- NYT’S CARL HULSE: “Is G.O.P. ‘Staring Death in the Face’ After Repeal? Democrats Hope So”: “‘I think they are staring death in the face,’ Representative Gerald E. Connolly, Democrat of Virginia, said about the political prospects of dozens of House Republicans who were persuaded to back the bill by Republican leaders anxious to deliver a legislative win. ‘They asked their vulnerable members to take an enormous gamble and risk on an act of faith that I guarantee will not pay off.’” http://nyti.ms/2p3YWAv -- POLITICO: “The House Republicans who could lose their jobs over Obamacare repeal,” by Kevin Robillard: “Rep. Darrell Issa of California … Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona … Rep. Carlos Curbelo of Florida … Rep. Peter Roskam of Illinois … Rep. Erik Paulsen of Minnesota … Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas … Rep. John Katko of New York.” http://politi.co/2qHeLu1 -- WAPO’s PAUL KANE (P.K.): “Republicans didn’t like their health-care bill but voted for it anyway” http://wapo.st/2qHmFnf TRUMP FOR GOV’T RUN HEALTH CARE -- @Bencjacobs: “Per pooler @tarapalmeri, Trump praised Australia, which has a universal public health care system, as having better health care than the US” HOW IT PLAYED -- TAMPA BAY TIMES (centerpiece package): “House GOP gives Trump a victory … The health care bill passes by four votes. It now faces an uncertain future in the Senate and unknown political fallout.” http://politi.co/2pNlx3y … N.Y. POST: “GOP plays ‘Rocky’ theme before they pass health-care bill … Dems sing ‘Na na hey hey goodbye’ … CHILDREN, THEY’RE ALL CHILDREN” http://nyp.st/2p3K9G9 … PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER: “What Prognosis? … NEXT MOVES: After narrow approval in House, a steep climb seen in Senate. … LOCAL FALLOUT: Pennsylvania and New Jersey could be big losers.” http://politi.co/2pg35gY TOM PERRIELLO, who is running for governor of Virginia, released an ad about the health care vote roughly an hour after the legislation passed. Perriello is a one-term congressman who lost his job after voting for much of the Obama agenda. The ad shows an ambulance being crushed. Watch the spot: http://bit.ly/2q5SRE2 HERE COME THE REINFORCEMENTS -- “GOP nonprofit launches $2 million campaign thanking Obamacare repeal backers,” by Kevin Robillard: “American Action Network, a nonprofit with ties to House Speaker Paul Ryan, will spend $2 million over the next 11 days in 21 districts running TV ads to thank House Republicans who voted for the GOP's Obamacare repeal bill Thursday. The ads will thank only members who voted for the legislation. Vulnerable members who voted against the bill — such as Reps. Barbara Comstock of Virginia, Mike Coffman of Colorado and others — won't receive any help from the $7 million fund AAN has set aside for health care.” http://politi.co/2p3UAt8 VIDEO DU JOUR – A “Daily Show” video shows news anchors singing “na na na na, hey hey, goodbye” to report on the House Democrats singing at Republicans after the health care vote – 30-second video http://bit.ly/2pfMrhf (h/t Matt Negrin) OOPS -- “Congressman admits he didn’t read full health care bill before voting,” by CNN’s Christina Manduley: “Republican Rep. Chris Collins admitted Thursday that he did not read the full health care bill before voting for it. ‘I will fully admit, Wolf, I did not. But I can also assure you my staff did. We have to rely on our staff,’ Collins told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on ‘The Situation Room.’” http://cnn.it/2qGSWuU -- “Even red states are wary of ditching Obamacare protections: Governors could be blamed for abandoning patients with pre-existing conditions,” by Rachana Pradhan: http://politi.co/2q67ruY VIDEO of Rupert Murdoch introducing Trump at last night’s dinner honoring Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the USS Intrepid last night in NYC http://bit.ly/2p3LWLr --SPOTTED IN NYC: Steve Schwarzman speaking to Rudy Giuliani at that dinner ... John Travolta was also spotted. CLINTON 4.0? -- “Hillary Clinton to launch political group as soon as next week,” by Gabe Debenedetti: “Six months after losing the presidential election, Hillary Clinton is ready to wade back into politics. The former secretary of state is building a new political group to fund organizations working on the resistance to President Donald Trump’s agenda, spending recent weeks in Washington, New York City, and Chappaqua, N.Y., meeting with donors and potential groups to invest in, and recruiting individuals for the group’s board of directors, multiple people close to the two-time White House hopeful and people familiar with the group’s planning told POLITICO. She is looking to launch the group, expected to be called Onward Together — a nod to her campaign slogan, Stronger Together — as soon as next week ... “Clinton has been working with Dennis Cheng, her campaign’s finance director who was previously the Clinton Foundation’s chief development officer, to bring donors into the fold. Meanwhile, Judith McHale, who served as an undersecretary of state under Clinton, has been working with her to find groups to fund, as has former [DNC] chairman, presidential candidate, and Vermont Gov. Howard Dean.” http://politi.co/2qyvEtS FOGGY BOTTOM WATCH -- “Official: Cindy McCain eyed for senior State Dept. role,” by AP’s Josh Lederman: “Cindy McCain, the wife of Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain, is expected to be offered a prominent role in the Trump administration’s State Department, two individuals familiar with the discussions said Thursday. Although it wasn’t clear what position she would fill, one possibility under discussion is McCain serving as an ambassador-at-large in Washington, focusing on a specific issue such as human trafficking, according to the administration official and another individual familiar with the talks. McCain, a philanthropist and global humanitarian activist, has been a vocal advocate for victims of human trafficking for several years.” http://apne.ws/2pfuTlA SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-W.VA.) sat down with us for a Playbook Interview Thursday, a conversation made possible by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation. Here are some highlights of the fascinating conversation: -- ON BECOMING A REPUBLICAN: “Let’s put it to rest, this. I have a brand. I’ve been around a long time, so the people of West Virginia know who I am. They know that Joe is extremely independent, he’s going to do what he thinks is right and what he can explain it, and I’m not afraid to change my mind. I was raised in a family, if you can’t change your mind you can’t change anything. So if you see the facts, and you’ve had the facts wrong, then you change, okay? And so I’ve been always trying to look for how to get things accomplished. So, I’ve been asked that question, been asked that question by the president of the United States. ... “I just said, ‘Mr. President, think about this. My brand is who it is. Fiercely independent, looking at trying to make things happen. My identity is a D. Democrat, a West Virginia Democrat. You think it would be advantageous for me to change my identity to be a Republican. Don’t you think if I change my identity, I almost change my brand and I’m not the person I was?’” -- ON HEALTH CARE IN THE SENATE: “There’s some things that can be done, but I can’t get—and I told Bill Cassidy, he’s really been trying hard, talking to me. I said, ‘Bill, I’m happy to. All you have to do, Bill, is get you five or six or seven—whatever you want—Republicans to say, hey, we’re not voting for repealing. We want to sit here and work with you, and I’ll guarantee you I’ll get that many if not more Democrats. We’re here to fix it with you.’” -- ON THE FUTURE OF TAX REFORM: “Use the template [the White House] gave us, and that’s where we have the Petersons now. I have different people running models. Tell me what numbers work. If 15 [percent] doesn’t work -- and I don’t think it works -- maybe 25 works for corporate net. Territorial works. Inversion basically reverses itself and people come back. Maybe 25 pass-through versus a 15 pass-through. Take a lot of the junk out of the box. Reducing some of the top rates down, but basically you have a Buffett floor we’ll call it. The Buffett floor could be at 25 or 29. So the super wealthy can’t fall below that.” THE JUICE … -- SPOTTED: KING CARL XVI GUSTAF of Sweden having dinner in D.C. at Occidental Thursday night. -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- JIM SUROWIECKI, The Financial Page columnist at The New Yorker, is joining Vice as a senior story producer. Vice’s Josh Tyrangiel on the hire: “Jim’s a great ideas person -- interested and knowledgeable about so many things we cover -- but he’s also incredibly collaborative. As we got to know each other he confessed that one of the downsides of being a columnist is that it’s really just him and the words. TV requires so many people working in harmony, and we’re all really excited to see how his voice blends in.” -- PLANNED PARENTHOOD is launching a six-figure ad campaign targeting Republican Sens. Jeff Flake (Ariz.), Dean Heller (Nev.) and Cory Gardner (Colo.). The TV, radio and digital ad buys are focus on “the impact of ‘defunding’ Planned Parenthood and lift up PP patients who would be impacted.” The ads http://bit.ly/2p3Y0fq … http://bit.ly/2q6h7pc -- BOB COSTA’S BILLBOARD at DCA. Pic http://bit.ly/2p40uL5 Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson performs the "ASEAN handshake" with foreign ministers prior to a luncheon at the State Department in Washington, D.C., on May 4. | Jacquelyn Martin/AP Photo TROUBLE IN PARADISE – “Lewandowski quits lobbying firm,” by Ken Vogel and Theo Meyer: “Donald Trump’s first campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, on Thursday resigned from his lobbying firm amid scrutiny of its efforts to capitalize on his relationship with the president, said Barry Bennett, the firm’s other co-founder. Lewandowski and Bennett, also an ex-Trump campaign aide, started the firm, Avenue Strategies, soon after the election, boasting that they could use their understanding of the new administration to benefit clients. But Lewandowski had not formally registered to lobby for the firm, even though he pitched prospective clients and boasted often about his access to the White House. Bennett on Thursday suggested Lewandowski’s reputation and questions about his adherence to lobbying disclosure requirements might have hurt the firm. ‘He’s such a huge target in town, and to own a chunk of a lobbying shop and not do any lobbying — it’s just always going to create questions,’ Bennett said. ‘Everything the firm did was him and why he didn’t register.’” http://politi.co/2qLcUnb --Bloomberg’s Jen Jacobs and Ben Brody: “Lewandowski said Thursday that his partner, Barry Bennett, and others among the firm’s eight operatives have used his name without his authorization and sought business with foreign clients that he doesn’t want. ‘The most important thing is my reputation, and I’ve worked really hard in the face of adversity to try to be successful,’ Lewandowski said in an interview.” https://bloom.bg/2pcQRVq TRUMP AND THE WORLD -- “Trump goes soft on Saudi: He used to trash the kingdom, but now the president is making it his first foreign stop,” by Michael Crowley: “President Donald Trump has said that Saudi Arabia ‘blew up the World Trade Center’ and wants ‘women as slaves and to kill gays.’ He has also insisted that the oil-rich Arab kingdom provide the United States with free oil for a decade. But when Trump takes his first overseas trip later this month, Saudi Arabia will be his first stop. It’s just the latest example of how Trump—who will continue to Israel and then the Vatican—is largely shelving his incendiary campaign views about the world in favor of more traditional diplomacy. It’s also a reminder that however much politicians love to bash Saudi Arabia, they wind up realizing that the country’s oil wealth and regional influence make it virtually impossible to shun.” http://politi.co/2pMQfId HMM … -- “The mystery behind a Flynn associate’s quiet work for the Trump campaign,” by WaPo’s Matea Gold: “Jon Iadonisi, a friend and business associate of former national security adviser Michael Flynn, had two under-the-radar projects underway in the fall of 2016. One of his companies was helping Flynn with an investigative effort for an ally of the Turkish government — details of which Flynn revealed only after he was forced to step down from his White House post. At the same time, Iadonisi was also doing work for the Trump campaign, although his role was not publicly reported, according to people familiar with his involvement. The project Iadonisi was engaged in for Trump’s campaign focused on social media ... [FEC] reports show that the Trump campaign paid $200,000 on Dec. 5 for ‘data management services’ to Colt Ventures, a Dallas-based venture-capital firm that is an investor in VizSense, a social-media company co-founded by Iadonisi.” http://wapo.st/2pN4eja POLITICO MAGAZINE FRIDAY COVER -- TIM ALBERTA on Will Hurd: “Will Hurd Is the Future of the GOP* -- *If he can hold on to the toughest seat in Texas”: “Drifting amid the sea of bodies in the poorly lit pavilion is Will Hurd, the congressman who represents Texas’ behemoth 23rd District, which stretches from this suburb north of San Antonio, all the way to El Paso some eight hours west. Of the 36 congressional districts in Texas, 35 are safely controlled by Republicans or Democrats; Hurd’s is the outlier. Not only is his district the biggest in the state—encompassing 58,000 square miles, covering all or parts of 29 counties, and including 820 miles of U.S.-Mexico border—it’s easily the most competitive, with both parties pumping millions of dollars into the 23rd every election cycle. “Hurd has agreed to let me drive with him across his district; over the next three days we will traverse infinite stretches of flat and long-forgotten highway, zigzagging between dusty outposts for discussions with constituents and local officials about issues as remote as the real estate they occupy. This is all part of the routine for Hurd, who, as a Republican in a 71 percent Hispanic district, must wage what is essentially a continuous, day-in-and-day-out campaign to keep his job. Serendipitously, before we depart on this odyssey, he wants to acquaint me with the stylings of Robert Earl Keen. The road goes on forever, and the party never ends.” http://politi.co/2qyMgSl FOR YOUR RADAR -- “Refugee admissions plummet under Trump, USA TODAY analysis finds,” by USA Today’s Alan Gomez: “The number of refugees arriving in the United States has dropped sharply this year because of President Trump’s threats to bar their entry, even though his order for a total 120-day ban has been blocked twice by federal courts, a USA TODAY analysis of government figures shows. The U.S. accepted 2,070 refugees in March, the lowest monthly total since 2013, according to State Department data. April ended with 3,316 refugees admitted, the second-lowest total since 2013.” https://usat.ly/2pfP56R OFF MESSAGE PODCAST: In a bonus episode, Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) believes America’s standing has been restored thanks to President Trump’s foreign policy. To Cotton, Trump is doing everything right on the foreign policy front, telling Isaac Dovere “President Trump showed that he was willing to enforce an American red line. One that he didn’t even draw, to begin with, I think reverberates around the world.” http://politi.co/2p3DoEm ... Listen and subscribe http://apple.co/2nEa7y0 ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Failing to prepare young people with the right skills and education to compete for good jobs is not just a missed opportunity for them – it is a missed opportunity for businesses to hire the talent they need to grow and compete. That’s why JPMorgan Chase launched New Skills for Youth, a $250 million global initiative to expand high-quality career-focused education programs, featured in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2pcCzY5 ****** VALLEY TALK -- “Uber faces criminal probe over software used to evade authorities,” by Reuters’ Dan Levine and Joseph Menn in San Francisco: “The U.S. Department of Justice has begun a criminal investigation into Uber Technologies’ use of a software tool that helped its drivers evade local transportation regulators, two sources familiar with the situation said. Uber has acknowledged the software, known as ‘Greyball,’ helped it identify and circumvent government officials who were trying to clamp down on Uber in areas where its service had not yet been approved, such as Portland, Oregon. The company prohibited the use of Greyball for this purpose shortly after the New York Times revealed its existence in March, saying the program was created to check ride requests to prevent fraud and safeguard drivers.” http://reut.rs/2pfJQnA MEDIAWATCH -- “Scope of Federal Probe into Fox News Broadens,” by WSJ’s Joe Flint and Michael Rothfeld: “Federal authorities have interviewed current and former Fox News employees and on-air talent in a widening inquiry into the nature of sexual-harassment settlements and alleged intimidation tactics at the network, according to people familiar with the probe. ... Former Fox News communications chief Brian Lewis, once a top aide to [Roger] Ailes, was also subpoenaed and met with investigators earlier this spring ... U.S. investigators have focused on how settlement payments over sexual-harassment accusations were structured at Fox News and which executives helped engineer them ... But in their questioning, prosecutors also have shown an interest in alleged intimidation tactics authorized by Mr. Ailes, including the hiring of a private investigator to dig up negative information on women who complained, according to one of the people familiar with the probe.” http://on.wsj.com/2pMEvVT WHAT JON AND AMIE ARE READING – “‘Shattered,’ Book About Clinton Campaign, May Become TV Series,” by NYT’s Sydney Ember: The book “has been optioned by TriStar Television, a division of Sony Pictures Television, and Davis Entertainment for a limited series.” http://nyti.ms/2pNAqCV GUIDE TO FEDERAL BUDGET & APPROPS PROCESS: The federal budget process is complicated; brush up on your knowledge so you’re ready to act as the budget winds its way through Congress. The guide http://politi.co/2pr4J1C Playbookers SPOTTED -- Nikki Haley dining last night at the Partisan. She was also spotted at the W Hotel … Steve Schwarzman speaking to Rudy Giuliani at last night’s big dinner honoring Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on the USS Intrepid ... John Travolta was also spotted at the dinner … last night at Capital Grill: Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Mick Mulvaney having dinner … Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) at DCA going on an American 6:30 am flight to Boston … Rep. Joe Kennedy (D-Mass.) yesterday heading to a flight at Reagan Airport -- pic http://politi.co/2pMAxfP SUNDAY SO FAR -- “Fox News Sunday”: White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus. Power Player: Elena Delle Donne of the Washington Mystics. Panel: Brit Hume, former Rep. Jane Harman (D-Calif.), Newt Gingrich, Juan Williams. --CNN’s “State of the Union”: HHS secretary Tom Price ... Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) ... Ohio Gov. John Kasich --ABC’s “This Week”: OMB Director Mick Mulvaney --NBC’s “Meet the Press”: Tom Price. Panel: Matt Bai, Eliana Johnson, Rich Lowry, Kristen Welker --CBS’ “Face the Nation”: Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) ... former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, author of “Democracy: Stories from the Long Road to Freedom.” John Dickerson will also moderate a focus group with Philadelphia, PA area residents reflecting on the President, the country, and politics. OUT AND ABOUT -- More than 500 guests attended a fundraiser last night for the inaugural DC Yellowstone Forever Young Patrons Benefit sponsored by Advoc8 and Poolhouse at Fritz Brogan’s Hawthorne. Mitt Romney and Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) were special guests. 5-min. video of Mitt speaking to the crowd -- he was greeted with shouts of “Mitt, Mitt, Mitt” http://bit.ly/2qzmvkM … Pic http://bit.ly/2qLc7mt --SPOTTED: Jackie Rooney, Griff Harsh, Jill Barclay, Tammy Haddad, Kelli and Will Ritter, Ryan Williams, Ashley Parker, Kevin Sheridan, Jamie and Matt Rhoades, Michael Falcone, Phil Rucker, Zeke Miller, Matt Gorman, Ben Ginsberg, Catherine Carlstedt, Ted Newton and Megan Sowards Newton, Zac Moffatt, Abe Adams, Tim O’Toole, Lisa and Charlie Spies, Benny Johnson, Josh and Melissa Sharp, John Legittino, Katie Glueck, Jake Kastan, Jahan Wilcox, Devin O’Malley, Christyn and Gerrit Lansing, Derek Gianino, Chad VonLuehrte, Brian Bartlett, Jake Kasten, Natalie Boyse, Olivia Perez-Cubas, Andrew Rafferty, Jenna Sakwa, Lauren Fritts, Michael Ahrens, Rich and Katie Beeson, Colin Reed, Amanda Henneberg, Sarah Pompei, Phil Rucker, Leah Malone, Josh and Blair Holmes, Jeremy Adler, John Arundel, Meridith McGraw, Alex Wagner, Raul Alvillar. -- On Thursday evening, Laura Nichols and Mark Mazzetti hosted a party at Fathom Gallery to toast Helene Cooper and her new book, “Madame President: The Extraordinary Journey of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.” On hand were Helene’s family, including her mother and sister, Marlene Cooper Vasilic. $16.28 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2pMSZ84 SPOTTED: Carl Hulse, Elise Labott, Eric Schmitt, Jeffrey Goldberg, Mark Leibovich, Christina Sevilla, Ben Chang, Kim Ghattas, Yuri Kim, Mark Landler, Anne Gearan, Nadia Bilbassy, Jackie Calmes, Farah Stockman, Steve Clemons, Andy Oros, Neil Grace, Nick Kulish. -- Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas hosted a post-ACHA vote happy hour at Stanton and Green. SPOTTED: Sage Eastman, Mike and Kristy Robinson, Lauren Aronson, Sohini Gupta, Mike Collins, Marissa Padilla, Diana Naylor, Christina Ives, Amy Soenksen, Christina Radio, Kristin Flukey, Erik Komendant, Jason Mahler, Jena Gross, Bret Wincup, John Scofield, Shane Karr, April Boyd, Leah Hirsch, Lyndsay Hollerbach, Elise Pickering, Keith Stern, Mark Henson, Vince Jesaitis, Norberto Salinas, Solveig Monson, CR Wooters, Andy Halataei, and Jon Hoganson. PHOTOS from the Playbook Power List party at the Newseum on Wednesday night. http://politi.co/2qL29RV TRANSITIONS – OBAMA ALUMNI – CARL WOOG, former spokesperson at the Obama NSC and previously senior adviser to Ash Carter at the Pentagon, will lead policy communications for WhatsApp, part of the Facebook family. A stunning 1.2 billion people currently call or chat with one another over WhatsApp. Carl is moving back to California with his family next month. --KOFA Public Affairs, a strategic communications and advocacy firm based in Baltimore has hired Beth Levine to the company’s leadership team. She previously served as communications director for Sen. Chuck Grassley and the Senate Judiciary Committee where she most recently led communications efforts in the Senate to confirm Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Richard Lawson, a senior producer at BBC News, and Catherine Knowles, a lawyer at Exchange Chambers in Manchester, have welcomed Elliot Austin Lawson, born 3:30 a.m. on Saturday. Pic http://bit.ly/2pctRWw HAPPY 10th ANNIVERSARY to Achim Bergmann, partner at Bergmann Zwerdling Direct and Emily Bergmann, formerly of Perkins Coie in DC and now a local fitness celebrity in Saratoga Springs, N.Y. BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Mark McKinnon, co-creator, co-exec. producer, co-host of Showtime’s “The Circus,” is 62. How he’s celebrating: “One of the great things about my birthday besides the unique date, 5/5/55 (guess what all my secret codes are?), is that it falls on or near the Kentucky Derby every year. And I love me some racing ponies. So every year, I gather some of my best pals and we congregate at a track, get blitzed, and watch the Derby.” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2pNEvqD BIRTHDAYS: Dan Balz, the pride of Freeport, Illinois ... Brian Williams is 58 ... Brussels Playbook author Ryan Heath – send him a birthday gift by subscribing to the best newsletter in Europe http://politi.co/1FZeLcw (hat tip: Gabe Brotman) ... former AFL-CIO president John J. Sweeney is 83 ... John Miller, NYPD deputy commissioner for intelligence and counterterrorism, and CBS alum, is 59 ... Sacha Haworth, spokeswoman for Jon Ossoff ... Mike Dorning, deputy White House editor for Bloomberg News ... Christine Pelosi ... Politico’s Alex Guillen ... Julian St. Patrick Clayton, in Northeast civic engagement at JPMorgan Chase ... Happy Cinco de Madden: Colin Norris Madden is 8 (h/t Mom and Dad, Jaclyn and Kevin) ... Morgan Pehme, executive director of EffectiveNY and co-director of “Get Me Roger Stone,” which comes out on May 12 on Netflix ... Michael Bars, a member of the Freedom Partners comms team, is 4-0 (h/t Rebecca Coffman) ... ... Dustin Walker, comms. director for Senate Armed Services, is 28 ... Dan Hornung, fellow at Emerson Collective’s Chicago CRED and an Obama WH alum … Daniel Massey, SVP at BerlinRosen … Mission: Readiness’ Rachel Wein, the BEST field hockey player in DC and the pride of Perryville, Maryland, is 26 (h/ts Jamie Lockhart, Maria Randazzo and Ben Goodman) ... Rep. John Moolenaar (R-Mich.) is 56 … Ann Saybolt, partner at Health Impact Strategies (h/t Jon Haber) ... Mike Dennehy of N.H. and McCain fame ... Katie Quinn … Barry Piatoff ... Jeff Hellerman ... Urooj S. Raja ... Michael Hamrick ... Jackson Sump ... Cris Selin … Nathaniel Haas, USC law student, HuffPo contributor and Politico alum ... AP’s David Sharp ... Jesse Thomas is 35 ... Kim Palmese ... Janet Piraino ... Lisa George (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: What are essential inputs for creating lasting impact in our communities? Learn more about how the JPMorgan Chase model for impact is driving inclusive economic growth in the company’s recently released Corporate Responsibility Report. ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Friday, 5/5/17 Thursday, 5/4/17 Wednesday, 5/3/17 Tuesday, 5/2/17 Monday, 5/1/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Should Trump Meet With Kim Jong Un? By Anthony Ruggiero The Consequences of Extreme Vetting By Jonathan E. Meyer Palestinians for Trump: ‘He Might Be the One’ By Bryan Bender The President’s Secret Air Force By Garrett M. Graff More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Sat, May 6, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Less than quarter of London bankers pleased with 2016 bonus Banking now ‘highly scrutinised’ and no longer perceived as a glamorous job about 17 hours ago Some 61% of Deutsche Bank’s employees in London were dissatisfied with their bonuses, followed by 52% at Credit Suisse Group and 50% at BNP Paribas         Less than a quarter of London’s investment bankers were pleased with their 2016 bonuses, with staff at Deutsche Bank the most disgruntled after chief executive John Cryan slashed discretionary compensation for many top traders and advisers. By a small margin, those at JPMorgan Chase were happiest. Some 61 per cent of the German bank’s employees were dissatisfied with their bonuses, followed by 52 per cent at Credit Suisse Group and 50 per cent at BNP Paribas, salary benchmarking company Emolument. com said in a statement, citing a survey of 1,640 people at 18 banks. At the other end of the scale, 30 per cent of JPMorgan front-office workers were dissatisfied with their variable pay, and 28 per cent admitted to being pleased. In aggregate, 23 per cent of bankers were happy with their bonuses. European firms’ bankers in the city of London suffered a harsh year for payouts as they fell even further behind Wall Street in trading share, while Brexit has thrown the future of London as a financial centre into doubt. As misconduct fines erased billions in profit last year, executives at Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse responded by slashing jobs and giving many senior dealmakers zero bonus, or a “doughnut” in banker parlance. American banks American banks once again paid better than their British or European counterparts, Emolument data show. A London-based vice-president at a US firm got on average £235,000 (€277,000) in total compensation, about £60,000 (€50,800) more than a counterpart at a UK-based bank. “High pay does not allay bankers’ frustration with their careers,” said Alice Leguay, co-founder of Emolument. “Banking is no longer perceived as a glamorous job, now highly scrutinised and regulated, with many shackled to it in order to fund their existing lifestyles while awaiting the right opportunity to switch to the hedge fund or private-equity sectors.” Major European firms’ total share of revenue from trading stocks and bonds, which was 35 per cent three years ago, dropped below 26 per cent for a second straight quarter in the first three months of this year, according to Bloomberg Intelligence data.       Topics: Alice Leguay John Cryan BNP-Paribas Bloomberg Credit Suisse Deutsche Bank Emolument Read More FBD makes steady progress as it looks to boost profitability Macquarie eyes Irish banking licence as it reports record profits MaplesFS plans to add staff after Dublin office move Bank of Ireland to spend €10m on upgrading branch network Health insurance helps drive 44% profit rise at Irish Life PTSB appoints Ger Mitchell as group HR director HSBC’s shares rise after Q1 profits beat forecasts SocGen to pay €963m in settlement with Libyan wealth fund JPMorgan Chase plans to move hundreds of bankers to Dublin JP Morgan to shift back-office roles to Dublin as Frankfurt nets traders  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Retail & Services Mercantile pub group to be split between warring shareholders Economy Chris Johns: identity politics will not solve economic problems Irish News Families of Berkeley balcony collapse reach $20m partial settlement Rugby ‘Rugby is all I’d been doing for more than 10 years’ Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Republic battens down the hatches for a hard Brexit 07:44 Shortfall in tax returns points to tight Budget 2018 06:45 Third terminal at Dublin Airport faces long wait for take-off 06:44 Who will get what in the Mercantile divorce? 05:26 Paddy Power Betfair’s biggest backer increases stake 05:00 Most Read in Business 1 Who will get what in the Mercantile divorce? 2 Dutch state railway sets up new Irish tax avoidance firm 3 Third terminal at Dublin Airport faces long wait for take-off 4 Republic battens down the hatches for a hard Brexit 5 Shortfall in tax returns points to tight Budget 2018 6 Delta Air Lines apologises for forcing family off flight 7 Danger for Ireland as Brexit talks get down and dirty 8 Take your pick: Four measures of housing activity 9 Norwegian Air’s US flights face court challenge 10 Entrepreneur aims to create up to 800 jobs in Navan Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 6/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rotork p.l.c. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Visa Inc (V) Position Reduced by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Paddy Power Plc (PAP) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Pennon Group plc (PNN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Paddy Power Betfair Plc (PPB) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Paddy Power Betfair Plc (PPB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Rotork p.l.c.’s (ROR) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Affimed NV (AFMD) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Roth Capital Analysts Give Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) a $27.00 Price Target Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX) PT Set at $4.00 by Maxim Group Roth Capital Reiterates $130.00 Price Target for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Jefferies Group Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Time Warner Inc (TWX) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Encore Wire Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WIRE) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Yum! Brands, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (YUM) Tenet Healthcare Corp Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.07) Per Share (THC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. Increased by SunTrust Banks (OAS) Rotork p.l.c.’s (ROR) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their overweight rating on shares of Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) in a report published on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 265 ($3.42) target price on the stock. ROR has been the topic of several other reports. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on shares of Rotork p.l.c. from GBX 226 ($2.92) to GBX 255 ($3.29) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 280 ($3.62) price target on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Bank of America Corp increased their price target on shares of Rotork p.l.c. from GBX 170 ($2.19) to GBX 200 ($2.58) and gave the company an underperform rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 229.44 ($2.96). Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) opened at 237.20 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 250.64 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 242.17. Rotork p.l.c. has a 52 week low of GBX 173.97 and a 52 week high of GBX 269.40. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.06 billion. WARNING: “Rotork p.l.c.’s (ROR) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/rotork-p-l-c-s-ror-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.15 ($0.04) per share. This is an increase from Rotork p.l.c.’s previous dividend of $1.95. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. In related news, insider Stephen Rhys Jones sold 4,821 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 247 ($3.19), for a total transaction of £11,907.87 ($15,374.91). About Rotork p.l.c. Rotork Plc is a United Kingdom-based actuator manufacturer and flow control company. The Company operates through four segments: Controls, Fluid Systems, Gears and Instruments. The Controls segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of electric actuators. The Fluid Systems segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of pneumatic and hydraulic actuators. Receive News & Ratings for Rotork p.l.c. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters BURNED OUT BEAUTY • Opinion Paul Labrecque Has the Single Happiest Success Story in Beauty Meet the dynamic duo behind this eponymous empire By Jackie Danicki • 05/05/17 6:30am Paul Labrecque and Brian Cantor. Jackie Danicki Paul Labrecque always knew he wanted to be a hairdresser, but he didn’t know his name could be big in the beauty business until he met Brian Cantor.  Relatively fresh out of training, Labrecque moved from Miami to London to hone his artistry in the international market. There he fell in love with Cantor, an England-born business and accounting graduate. When the two moved to New York together, the only way for Cantor to get a green card was for Labrecque to start his own company and hire Cantor to run it.  That was in 1988, when they had only 200 square feet in their first space. But after nearly three decades of partnership in life and business, the two have built a salon and product empire that’s the envy of the industry.  Branded under the name Paul Labrecque, the couple now owns several hair salons, including three full-service salon and spa locations in New York City, plus a salon in The Rittenhouse Hotel in Philadelphia, a private executive salon in the JP Morgan Chase Headquarters, and an additional location that will be announced soon. There’s also the range of Paul Labrecque haircare products, which stand out in the market with a streamlined yet luxurious approach. “Simple is better,” Labrecque says. “Fashion forward and sexy, yet comfortable to wear and easy to maintain.” Not many hairstyling gurus are pushing a low-maintenance approach to beauty. But Labrecque is not overly concerned with what others are saying or doing. After all, many high-profile stylists have been forced to consolidate or close altogether. Most recently and devastatingly, Ted Gibson announced the closure of his Flatiron salon on December 21 last year, leaving staff without jobs just before the holidays.  Meanwhile, Paul Labrecque goes from strength to strength. This is in large part due to Cantor’s business sense, and his determination to stay ahead of the curve in the industry. His clever deals include partnerships with venues like the elite CORE Club and Chelsea Sports Center in Manhattan, as well as expansion to Philadelphia under a licensing deal with The Rittenhouse Hotel. That arrangement allows Cantor and Labrecque maximum quality control over customer service and experience while outsourcing day-to-day operations to a seasoned management team. Even more innovative was their creation of a private salon for JP Morgan Chase executives at the company’s headquarters. All appointment bookings at that location are managed by clients via mobile app, lifting a major admin weight off the team’s shoulders.  With Cantor driving the commercial details, Labrecque is free to focus on his dream: being a hairdresser. When I first meet him at their salon in the CORE Club, he is unassuming and warm, walking the floor like a worker among workers rather than a big shot. This is in stark contrast to most celebrity stylists, who usually affect an ice cold, regal manner while being trailed by multiple acolytes. Labrecque later tells me, “The hardest part of my work is being a boss. I’m better at being a friend.”  Real friends tell each other the truth. Labrecque adheres to this strictly—even with new clients. I’m there for a cut, but he tells me, “You should get your color done, too. I can take care of those roots for you!” He’s not being catty; Labrecque is truly distraught by the merest scalp shadow. Roots are something of a bête noire to him, and he is not impressed by the recent trend for letting them grow out more obviously. “I dislike that look immensely and wish it would go away!” he says in obvious distress.  Thrilled with my haircut, I travel a couple of weeks later to Labrecque’s Upper East Side flagship for him to sort out my roots. When I tell him I’d like to switch from blonde to brunette right then, please, he is direct but not abrupt. “You really don’t want that today,” he says. “Ease into it. If I take you full brunette right now, you’re gonna walk out of here traumatized. I won’t do that to you.” Labrecque proceeds to give me a superbly blended, rich transition from one color to another.  Meanwhile, Cantor is shuttling between their locations, overseeing operations and meeting with partners. He and Labrecque are both keenly aware of the increasing difficulty of thriving as a salon business in the current regulatory climate. The first time we met, Cantor and I got into a lengthy discussion of how numerous state laws are making it harder for them to operate, and more and more regulations are being passed every year. On our third meeting, Cantor tells me he’s just received another notification from the state of New York, informing him of another new law that will cost the couple dearly to comply with by imposing massive administrative expenses. At the same time, overheads like rent continue to rise. “It wouldn’t be enjoyable for the client to pay more as regularly as our expenses rise!” Labrecque says. Somehow, the two manage to keep prices manageable while maintaining an upscale, full-service experience and growing their business. But Cantor admits that government and landlords are two of their biggest challenges.  This is where his business nous has paid off for the company. Cantor has been strategic about expanding via licensing deals, building on-demand service offerings, and opening self-sufficient, single-service locations like the JP Morgan Chase private salon. He’s also learned from the avoidably exorbitant routes taken by other companies. For example, the trend of personnel-heavy, overhead-laden blow-out bars that have come to serve as very costly marketing for the products on which certain brands really make their money. Cantor knows growing their online retail business is also key to the company’s sustainability. That includes being one of the world’s few authorized online vendors for Biologique Recherche, the cult skincare brand with whom they celebrate the 20th anniversary of their partnership this year. Cantor signing them was an early coup that displayed his knack for selecting premium partners. Labrecque knows how lucky he is to have such a sharp CEO. “I am very fortunate that my husband and best friend runs our business,” Labrecque says. “He does all of that while I’m able to style hair and help mentor and teach our young talent.”  Asked what he loves most about the work, Labrecque doesn’t hesitate. “Developing relationships that are lasting and very strong. I love working on and with people—it brings me joy!” That much is obvious, as he maintains an informal, cheerful repartee with staff and clients alike, all of whom clearly adore him. “Some of my best friends today I first met as clients,” Labrecque says.  Indeed, many of the couple’s friends and clients were present when Cantor and Labrecque married in 2011 on the very day New York’s Marriage Equality Act took effect. The couple had sent out invitations for their July anniversary party the previous March, and when the law was signed in June, they decided to turn it into a wedding. Back then, they allowed national marriage equality campaigners to capture footage of their ceremony and relationship for a video advocating to make the law national.  In the film, Labrecque is blunt about how daily bullying for being gay took a toll on him. “When you’re young and you’re tortured, sleeping is not easy. Sleeping was very difficult. Because you’re always thinking of how you’re going to avoid the situation tomorrow.” And now? “It’s nice to be able to sleep. It’s nice to be able to come to a place and actually have a home where you can start to sleep because you feel safe. When I met Brian, it happened. When I met Brian, my life started to change.”  Remaining aware of what he survived, Labrecque has a special sensitivity for the pain and struggle of others. He and Cantor have gone all out to apply their core talents to helping those who need it most. In June, they launch a partnership with the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York, becoming their exclusive provider of beauty services to patients. And for decades, Labrecque has made house calls to style homebound patients, including those suffering cancer and alopecia. In December, Labrecque and Cantor will again hold their annual makeover event for Sanctuary for Families, a non-profit helping survivors of domestic violence rebuild their lives. Every winter for more than 10 years, the entire Paul Labrecque team has come together for a night to pamper and make over these survivors as they strive to forge new lives and enter the workforce.  It’s clear Labrecque—who has not forgotten the impact bullying had on him—takes immense pleasure in helping build self-confidence in others. With his mastery of hairstyling, he is able to give them a glimpse of the person they never thought they could be. For him, that glimpse came from Brian Cantor. As for Cantor, he shares Labrecque’s gratitude for their unique partnership.  “We very often do not interact much during the day. Paul is tied to being behind the chair, and I am running around visiting locations. But I like knowing he is not far away,” Cantor says, remarking on the “great support” he feels by working in close proximity to Labrecque. For his part, Labrecque is glad Cantor understands the nature of what he does.  “This is a service industry,” he says. “That means if a client needs me to come to the Caribbean to style her for her wedding, I’ll be there. If a client needs me to come in at the crack of dawn so she can look and feel her best for an important meeting, I’ll be there. If a client needs me on a Sunday, I’ll be there. That’s one of the reasons I’ve been successful. I never say no to my clients. Without them, we don’t have a business.” Jackie Danicki created one of the first and most popular beauty blogs in 2004, and has consulted some of the world’s most iconic brands on digital content strategy and innovation. Jackie blogs at http://burnedoutbeauty.com, and you can find her on Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat as @burnedoutbeauty. SEE ALSO: Top 5 Beauty Valentines You Should Totally Buy Yourself Short List Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Norges Bank Buys New Stake in Stage Stores Inc (SSI) 93,800 Shares in Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Acquired by Norges Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Origin Asset Management LLP Norges Bank Takes Position in Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Increased by Lincluden Management Ltd. 8,819 Shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Raises Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Auxier Asset Management Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Position Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Navistar International Corp (NAV) Stake Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Price Target Raised to $66.00 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Aetna Inc (AET) Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Price Target Raised to $42.00 at Jefferies Group LLC Allstate Corp (ALL) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Cut to Market Perform at Citigroup Inc Norges Bank Takes Position in Sodastream International Ltd (SODA) Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Denison Mines Corp (DNN) 8,819 Shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Elkhorn Investments LLC bought a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 8,819 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $761,000. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.10 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $87.27 and a 200-day moving average price of $83.94. The firm has a market capitalization of $309.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.41 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The business earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.35 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were given a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.30%. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.02%. WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/8819-shares-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-acquired-by-elkhorn-investments-llc.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on JPM shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc set a $85.00 price objective on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. CLSA restated a “buy” rating and set a $79.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $80.21. In related news, Director James S. Crown acquired 11,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $85.48 per share, with a total value of $983,020.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 299,862 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $25,632,203.76. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Norges Bank Buys New Stake in Stage Stores Inc (SSI) 93,800 Shares in Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Acquired by Norges Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Origin Asset Management LLP Norges Bank Takes Position in Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Increased by Lincluden Management Ltd. 8,819 Shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Raises Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Auxier Asset Management Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Position Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Navistar International Corp (NAV) Stake Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Price Target Raised to $66.00 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Aetna Inc (AET) Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Price Target Raised to $42.00 at Jefferies Group LLC Allstate Corp (ALL) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Cut to Market Perform at Citigroup Inc Norges Bank Takes Position in Sodastream International Ltd (SODA) Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Denison Mines Corp (DNN) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Origin Asset Management LLP May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Origin Asset Management LLP raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 39.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 290,518 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 82,900 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises 1.7% of Origin Asset Management LLP’s holdings, making the stock its 17th largest position. Origin Asset Management LLP’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $25,069,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.10 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $309.45 billion, a PE ratio of 13.41 and a beta of 1.49. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $87.27 and its 200 day moving average price is $83.94. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a one year low of $57.05 and a one year high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The business had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.35 earnings per share. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.30%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is 31.02%. WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-shares-bought-by-origin-asset-management-llp.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on JPM. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Vining Sparks upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.21. In other news, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $27,986,356.14. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total transaction of $918,075.44. Following the sale, the general counsel now directly owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.85% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sse Plc (SSE) PT Lowered to GBX 1,400 at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given “Underweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Esure Group PLC’s (ESUR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. State Street Corp Has $2.455 Million Position in Bats Global Markets Inc (BATS) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Egalet Corp (EGLT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Wingstop Inc (WING) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Cuts Position in Destination Maternity Corp (DEST) Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Rightside Group Ltd (NAME) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.998 Million Position in Northern Technologies International Corp (NTIC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.984 Million Position in Manning and Napier Inc (MN) 408,133 Shares in Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold TheStreet Lowers Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) to C Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Glen Burnie Bancorp (GLBZ) Upgraded at TheStreet Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Oclaro (OCLR) Esure Group PLC’s (ESUR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reissued by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Friday. They presently have a GBX 260 ($3.36) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential downside of 2.48% from the stock’s previous close. ESUR has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Deutsche Bank AG decreased their target price on shares of Esure Group PLC from GBX 210 ($2.71) to GBX 203 ($2.62) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Shore Capital reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC decreased their target price on shares of Esure Group PLC from GBX 211 ($2.72) to GBX 210 ($2.71) and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Berenberg Bank reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 176 ($2.27) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Peel Hunt reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.58) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 240.14 ($3.10). Shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) opened at 262.40 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.10 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 241.72 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 219.91. Esure Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 183.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 311.00. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.50 ($0.14) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 13th. This is a positive change from Esure Group PLC’s previous dividend of $3.00. This represents a yield of 4.38%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/esure-group-plcs-esur-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Esure Group PLC esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sse Plc (SSE) PT Lowered to GBX 1,400 at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given “Underweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Esure Group PLC’s (ESUR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. State Street Corp Has $2.455 Million Position in Bats Global Markets Inc (BATS) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Egalet Corp (EGLT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Wingstop Inc (WING) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Cuts Position in Destination Maternity Corp (DEST) Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Rightside Group Ltd (NAME) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.998 Million Position in Northern Technologies International Corp (NTIC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.984 Million Position in Manning and Napier Inc (MN) 408,133 Shares in Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold TheStreet Lowers Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) to C Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Glen Burnie Bancorp (GLBZ) Upgraded at TheStreet Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Oclaro (OCLR) Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given “Underweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating restated by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Friday. They currently have a GBX 595 ($7.68) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective points to a potential downside of 14.88% from the stock’s current price. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Canaccord Genuity upgraded shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited to a “hold” rating and set a GBX 630 ($8.13) target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Macquarie restated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 530 ($6.84) target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Peel Hunt upgraded shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited to an “add” rating and upped their target price for the company from GBX 630 ($8.13) to GBX 710 ($9.17) in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Barclays PLC upped their target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 650 ($8.39) to GBX 651 ($8.41) and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 665.18 ($8.59). Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) opened at 677.475 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 683.29 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 687.28. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a 12-month low of GBX 467.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 775.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.35 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given “Underweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/lancashire-holdings-limited-lre-given-underweight-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider Elaine Whelan sold 4,723 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 690 ($8.91), for a total value of £32,588.70 ($42,077.08). Also, insider Michael George Dawson purchased 7,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 693 ($8.95) per share, for a total transaction of £49,896 ($64,423.50). Lancashire Holdings Limited Company Profile Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Dutch Shell Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sse Plc (SSE) PT Lowered to GBX 1,400 at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given “Underweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Esure Group PLC’s (ESUR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. State Street Corp Has $2.455 Million Position in Bats Global Markets Inc (BATS) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Egalet Corp (EGLT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Wingstop Inc (WING) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Cuts Position in Destination Maternity Corp (DEST) Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Rightside Group Ltd (NAME) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.998 Million Position in Northern Technologies International Corp (NTIC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.984 Million Position in Manning and Napier Inc (MN) 408,133 Shares in Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold TheStreet Lowers Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) to C Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Glen Burnie Bancorp (GLBZ) Upgraded at TheStreet Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Oclaro (OCLR) Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSA)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Friday. They currently have a GBX 2,600 ($33.57) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 28.40% from the company’s previous close. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc from GBX 2,450 ($31.63) to GBX 2,700 ($34.86) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. HSBC Holdings plc raised their price objective on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc from GBX 2,360 ($30.47) to GBX 2,600 ($33.57) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price objective on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research note on Friday. BNP Paribas reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 2,400 ($30.99) price objective (down previously from GBX 2,450 ($31.63)) on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 2,343.81 ($30.26). Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSA) opened at 2032.50 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 2,079.69 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 2,113.94. Royal Dutch Shell Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,644.10 and a 52-week high of GBX 2,295.50. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a $0.47 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.8%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/royal-dutch-shell-plc-rdsa-receives-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Simon Henry sold 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 2,285 ($29.50), for a total value of £1,142,500 ($1,475,145.26). Royal Dutch Shell Plc Company Profile Royal Dutch Shell plc (Shell) is an independent oil and gas company, based in the United Kingdom. It operates in three segments: Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. Upstream combines the operating segments Upstream International and Upstream Americas, which are engaged in searching for and recovering crude oil and natural gas, the liquefaction and transportation of gas, the extraction of bitumen from oil sands and converting it into synthetic crude oil, and wind energy. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Majesco (MJCO) PT Set at $8.00 by Maxim Group Debenhams PLC (DBHSY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given a $85.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts United States Steel’s (X) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Price Target Raised to C$50.00 Sherritt International Corp (S) Price Target Raised to C$2.00 Scotiabank Reiterates Sector Perform Rating for Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Source Energy Services Ltd (SHLE) Coverage Initiated at Royal Bank of Canada Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Flowserve Corp Issued By SunTrust Banks (FLS) Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.97 Per Share (FIS) AltaCorp Capital Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €107.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Zpg Plc (ZPLA) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt US Concrete Inc (USCR) Shares Up 14.3% After Strong Earnings Craft Brew Alliance Inc (BREW) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume After Better-Than-Expected Earnings FIG Partners Comments on Heritage Commerce Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HTBK) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Kadant Inc. Cut by Analyst (KAI) Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Fortis Inc (FTS) TD Securities Increases Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst (DIR.UN) Price Target to C$8.50 United States Steel’s (X) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) in a research note published on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a $46.00 target price on the basic materials company’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on X. Macquarie raised United States Steel from an underperform rating to a neutral rating and upped their price target for the company from $23.00 to $30.00 in a report on Monday, April 24th. Vetr upgraded United States Steel from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $34.75 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Cowen and Company upgraded United States Steel from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Bank of America Corp cut United States Steel from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a hold rating and issued a $40.00 price objective on shares of United States Steel in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $31.24. United States Steel (NYSE:X) opened at 21.28 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.72 billion. United States Steel has a 12 month low of $12.77 and a 12 month high of $41.83. The company has a 50 day moving average of $30.86 and a 200 day moving average of $31.69. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $1.18. The business earned $2.73 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.91 billion. United States Steel had a negative net margin of 4.29% and a negative return on equity of 11.36%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned ($2.15) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that United States Steel will post $1.55 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/united-states-steels-x-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.05 per share. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.94%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 8th. United States Steel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -6.83%. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Diligent Investors LLC bought a new stake in United States Steel during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $404,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in United States Steel during the fourth quarter valued at about $196,000. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in United States Steel by 241.1% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 6,212 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $210,000 after buying an additional 4,391 shares during the last quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its position in United States Steel by 21.4% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 6,301 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $213,000 after buying an additional 1,112 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bluestein R H & Co. acquired a new position in United States Steel during the fourth quarter valued at about $214,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 77.18% of the company’s stock. About United States Steel United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EQT Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 2,741 Shares in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Acquired by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. US Bancorp DE Acquires 137,430 Shares of TransCanada Co. (TRP) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE Core Laboratories (CLB) Position Increased by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Has $86 Million Position in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) US Bancorp DE Boosts Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc. AT Bancorp Maintains Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Lucas Capital Management Sells 9,894 Shares of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) $0.33 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tegna Inc (TGNA) This Quarter Surgical Care Affiliates Inc (SCAI) Receives $52.50 Average Target Price from Brokerages Uni Select Inc (UNS) Receives C$43.57 Average PT from Analysts Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Receives $13.50 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Price Target at $27.80 Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) Issues Earnings Results Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Tygh Capital Management Inc. Acquires New Stake in Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Tygh Capital Management Inc. Decreases Position in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Altfest L J & Co. Inc. raised its position in EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) by 21.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 5,040 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 875 shares during the period. Altfest L J & Co. Inc.’s holdings in EQT were worth $308,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of EQT by 5.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,117,821 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,243,095,000 after buying an additional 933,499 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in EQT by 8.6% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 17,065,832 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,239,321,000 after buying an additional 1,344,202 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. boosted its position in EQT by 9.1% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 9,035,038 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $552,041,000 after buying an additional 756,782 shares during the period. Boston Partners boosted its position in EQT by 7.3% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 7,408,773 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $538,025,000 after buying an additional 506,135 shares during the period. Finally, Aristotle Capital Management LLC boosted its position in EQT by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 3,103,382 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $202,961,000 after buying an additional 102,463 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) traded down 3.33% during trading on Thursday, reaching $56.25. 3,158,630 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is $9.72 billion. EQT Co. has a 12-month low of $55.36 and a 12-month high of $80.61. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $60.61 and its 200-day moving average is $63.77. EQT (NYSE:EQT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. The firm earned $897.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $713.65 million. EQT had a negative return on equity of 0.53% and a negative net margin of 28.16%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 64.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.07 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that EQT Co. will post $1.44 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $0.03 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.21%. EQT’s dividend payout ratio is presently -4.49%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/eqt-co-eqt-stake-boosted-by-altfest-l-j-co-inc.html. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on EQT shares. KLR Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price objective on shares of EQT in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Tudor Pickering raised shares of EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Stifel Nicolaus started coverage on shares of EQT in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $63.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of EQT in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.64. In other news, Director A. Bray Jr. Cary bought 421 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were purchased at an average price of $61.10 per share, for a total transaction of $25,723.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider M Elise Hyland sold 3,479 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.56, for a total transaction of $210,688.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 15,941 shares in the company, valued at approximately $965,386.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.10% of the company’s stock. EQT Company Profile EQT Corporation is a natural gas company. The Company operates through three segments: EQT Production, EQT Gathering and EQT Transmission. The EQT Production segment includes its exploration for, and development and production of, natural gas, natural gas liquids and a limited amount of crude oil, primarily in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT). Receive News & Ratings for EQT Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Use Straddles to Capitalize on Low Stock Market Volatility By using straddles, investors can take advantage of individual stocks’ big moves in a generally calm market. By Steven M. Sears Biography May 6, 2017 Last week, the one-month implied volatility of the Standard & Poor's 500 index registered 8%. It was the lowest level since 1988, when record- keeping began. This essentially means that the options market expects stocks to remain unchanged over the next month. But it doesn’t mean, as some investors might conclude, that options are... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. How Did That Happen?!?! S&P 500 Hits News High (and We Have No Idea Why) Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The 5 Biggest Credit-Card Mistakes Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Fitbit’s Pain Is Apple’s Gain Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Google May Need an Acquisition to Catch Amazon, Microsoft, Says Goldman Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Apple, Qualcomm: A Messy Marriage Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? 2 The Future is Almost Here 3 Tesla Makes It Easier to Get Service Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Bay Area political events: Town halls, health care Court gives San Mateo campus garden a reprieve Survivalist accused of 2004 Jenner killings of couple sleeping on Man dies in shooting in SF’s Silver Terrace early Friday News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Candidate for Army secretary withdraws amid heavy criticism Candidate for secretary of Army pulls out amid controversy Former Trump aide calls Russia probe 'comically fake' GOP chairman warns agencies about requests for records Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Fulmer, Tigers smother A’s in homestand opener Giants embarrassed in Cincinnati, get pounded 13-3 Warriors’ Draymond Green heating up from deep Giants’ Belt still getting on base Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs UC Davis sues strawberry scientists over fruits of research Comcast’s CNBC faces threat from Fox Business Network Spy conviction upheld for Bay Area businessman Nation’s tallest public art to top Salesforce Tower A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Kevin Garcia, Grandaddy bassist and co-founder, dies at 41 The latest from Dear Abby Guard yourself from ‘Guards at the Taj’ ‘Risk’: A fascinating, fly-on-the-wall look at Julian Assange Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Tartine Manufactory nabs spot on Food & Wine's Restaurants of the Right off the train? Here are the best spots to eat near BART Aaxte to close later this month Michael Mina's RN74 to close, to be replaced by Ayesha Curry's Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Why I won't allow my 3-year-old to touch my iPhone (and my other New study finds screen time delays speech in children under 2 National Parks Meet a New Age of Activism Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Spreading the joy of nature, area hikes Weekender: Eugene is Portland’s cooler little brother? Crista Luedtke’s mini-empire put Guerneville on the map Suite Spot: Graton Resort and Casino, Rohnert Park Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Martinez bungalow with marine views, backyard waterfall asks Ken Fulk-designed condo in new luxury building 980-square-foot cottage in Palo Alto sells for $623K over asking Imagine the acoustics in this turreted master bath in Noe Valley Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Bank-regulator-looks-back-from-London-Whale-to-11125544.php Bank regulator looks back, from London Whale to Wells Fargo By Ben Protess Published 4:56 pm, Friday, May 5, 2017 Thomas Curry’s first week as a federal banking regulator was his worst. Soon after taking over the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which polices some of the nation’s largest banks, Curry learned that JPMorgan Chase was racking up billions of dollars in losses on a risky derivatives trade in London. The 2012 episode, known as the London Whale, exposed huge gaps in federal oversight of big banks. A few months after that, a Senate report cited the agency’s “systemic failures” that allowed a money-laundering scheme at HSBC “to fester and worsen.” Five years and hundreds of millions of dollars in fines later — for JPMorgan, HSBC and others — Curry is known for overhauling the agency and its approach to bank regulation. But on Friday, he was gone. The Trump administration removed Curry from his role last week, nearly a month after his term expired, alarming Democratic lawmakers who fear a return to the days when the agency was more of a cheerleader than a watchdog. Latest business videos The lawmakers, noting that President Trump has vowed to dismantle Obama-era financial rules, raised concerns about the administration’s choice to replace Curry. The Treasury Department announced that Keith Noreika, a longtime banking lawyer, would serve as acting comptroller until the president nominates a new one. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the top Democrat on the Banking Committee, called it “disturbing that the president is rushing to replace Curry with an acting appointee who has clear conflicts of interest.” Whoever his formal successor might be — Joseph Otting, a former top executive at OneWest is reportedly under consideration — Curry’s departure signals the near-conclusion of Obama-era bank regulation, a period known for big fines and long rules, as well as lingering concerns about the culture of an industry that has faced its share of scandals. Curry’s departure follows the exit of Daniel Tarullo, the Federal Reserve official who led efforts to strengthen financial regulation. Curry spoke to the New York Times this week about his tenure and the challenges that lie ahead for banking regulators in the Trump administration. Below are excerpts from the interview. Q: What did the London Whale episode do to shape your approach at the agency? A: At the time, I think my head was spinning. But I really actually think it was a good thing. It caused us to look at how could we be better and I think that was probably the defining reason that people — my management team here and the staff — bought into the need to get an external review of how we supervise, to actually examine how well we examine. That kind of got to be the road map to trying to make this a really stellar, what I hope and think is, a stellar bank supervisory agency. To my knowledge, no other regulator globally has ever done that. Q: You also removed some of the old-guard people at the agency who had a more deregulatory approach. And you installed people like Paul Nash, from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., as top aides. A: You need to have a shared vision. Like I said, the good part about having the London Whale and HSBC was you couldn’t argue that there wasn’t a problem that we needed to confront as an agency. I think people feel pretty good about the agency today and where we’re headed. Q: There’s the Volcker Rule and rules requiring banks to hold greater capital, but what was the idea behind your lesser-known “heightened standards” for bank executives and boards? A: You need the rules — capital and liquidity requirements are essential. But what we provide is the ability to assess the risk management structures at institutions and corporate governance. What we did with heightened standards is basically said, “The bigger you are, the more we expect of you.” Q: You once saide that the relationship between your agency and the banks was akin to “a priest-penitent relationship.” Have the banks gotten any better at confessing their sins? A: Ideally, we want the bank to find these things first. The industry is getting much better at that. Nobody is perfect yet. Q: You also pushed for a culture change in your own agency, and yet you released a damning report last month in which the agency acknowledged that its oversight of Wells Fargo during the whole fake account scheme was “untimely and ineffective.” A: I think we’ve made great progress. To be a strong organization requires you to take a look at yourself and your actions. To learn from it. That really was why I thought it was important to do the lessons learned review — and also painful as it may be to our pride — to do it publicly. Again, I don’t see any other agencies taking a problem by the horns, acknowledging it and then doing something about correcting it. Q: Are you worried about your successor unwinding the new regulatory approach? A: I don’t think anyone wants to repeat the mistakes of the past. You need a sound rule book, and then you need highly trained professionals, dedicated supervisors to make an assessment of how well (the banks) are adhering to that framework. I think you can play around on the edges, but as long as you have those key elements in place you have a good system. Q: How much of a surprise was it when you got the call from the Trump administration? A: My term ended in early April. I offered to stay on as long as the administration wanted me. I live in Boston and I have a rented apartment here. I told people I went month-to-month on my apartment and I was month-to-month on the comptroller’s job. Q: Any advice for the next guy? A: You really have to be prepared for the next downturn. You can’t stop banks from making mistakes on individual loans. It’s not our job. But it is our job to make sure that the banks are safe and sound and the system itself is stable. Ben Protess is a New York Times writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE FCC looking into Colbert's 'Late Show' rant against Trump GOP Senator: Obamacare repeal must pass 'Jimmy Kimmel test' Pelosi: Repeal vote will spark 'great civics class' for GOP Greta Van Susteren destroys GOP's Trumpcare 'victory' party Flynn's Russia contact was red flag for Trump transition team N.Korea accuses U.S. of assassination plot LATEST NEWS 3 teenage girls arrested in BART attack on woman Giants embarrassed in Cincinnati, pounded 13-3 Tour helicopter crashes in Santa Barbara, injuring 3 Man dies in Silver Terrace shooting Friday evening Bay Area Olympian Kerri Walsh Jennings splits with partner Warriors’ Steve Kerr unlikely to return vs. Jazz Texas officer who killed black teenager charged with murder Man beaten by teen mob in front of his young son in SF park Amazon unveils bizarre spherical workspace Silicon Valley starting to rely on crime-fighting robots How not to get hit by the newest tech crime: 'bluesnarfing' This is what you can buy if you have $500K to burn Suspect IDd in unsolved 2004 Jenner killings of sleeping couple Suspect in slaying of ex-gf's parents killed by San Jose cops Shark attacks porn star during underwater shoot NBC cancels show: Which one is next? The Dogpatch winery that is making synthetic wine Cultivar now serving Napa Valley wines in the Marina TODAY'S TOP PICKS Bungalow with marine views, waterfall asks $455K Bald eagle chick hatches in Milpitas and the public goes nuts Graff: Why I won't allow my 3-year-old to touch my iPhone Most Popular 1 First planting, first look inside Amazon's 'Spheres' 2 FCC to 'take appropriate action' against Colbert following... 3 Greta Van Susteren destroys GOP's Trumpcare 'victory' party 4 Porn model attacked by shark during underwater shoot 5 3 teenage girls arrested in attack on woman on BART 6 Bay Area Olympic champion Kerri Walsh Jennings splits with... 7 Man beaten by teen mob in front of his young son in SF park 8 Survivalist accused of 2004 Jenner killings of couple sleeping... 9 United Airlines passenger with ticket to Paris lands at SFO 10 Short and not so sweet: 49ers WR Taylor runs angry View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Horizon National Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Given Hold Rating at Stephens InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cabot Corp (CBT) to Hold Trillium Asset Management LLC Sells 1,695 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.786 Million Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 139,385 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) El Paso Electric Company (EE) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) to “Buy” Kinross Gold Co. (K) PT Raised to C$5.50 at TD Securities MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stock Price Up 8.2% on Earnings Beat Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Price Up 16.3% on Earnings Beat Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Trading Up 7.8% After Strong Earnings Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Trading Up 19.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Universal Display Co. (OLED) Sees Large Volume Increase After Dividend Announcement Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Given Hold Rating at Stephens May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stephens reissued their hold rating on shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) in a report issued on Thursday morning. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on FHN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised First Horizon National Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Wells Fargo & Co raised First Horizon National Corp from an underperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JMP Securities assumed coverage on First Horizon National Corp in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. They issued a market perform rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut First Horizon National Corp from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a buy rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of First Horizon National Corp in a report on Monday, April 10th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $18.93. Shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) traded down 0.81% on Thursday, hitting $18.37. The stock had a trading volume of 5,591,687 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $18.42 and its 200-day moving average price is $18.81. First Horizon National Corp has a 12 month low of $12.46 and a 12 month high of $20.84. The company has a market cap of $4.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.94 and a beta of 1.17. First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $0.23 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.23. First Horizon National Corp had a return on equity of 8.73% and a net margin of 16.57%. The company earned $306.65 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $324.31 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.20 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that First Horizon National Corp will post $1.11 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/first-horizon-national-corp-fhn-given-hold-rating-at-stephens.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be issued a $0.09 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.96%. First Horizon National Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.79%. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 95.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 607,984 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,259,000 after buying an additional 297,457 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 5.1% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 392,923 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,984,000 after buying an additional 19,139 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 17.9% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 472,926 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,203,000 after buying an additional 71,671 shares in the last quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 9.3% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 593,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,042,000 after buying an additional 50,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 0.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 691,753 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $10,535,000 after buying an additional 5,313 shares in the last quarter. 81.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. First Horizon National Corp Company Profile First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) is a bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank National Association (the Bank). The Company has four segments: regional banking, fixed income, corporate and non-strategic. The Company’s regional banking segment offers financial products and services, including traditional lending and deposit taking, to retail and commercial customers in Tennessee and other selected markets. Receive News & Ratings for First Horizon National Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Crestwood Equity Partners LP (CEQP) Given Hold Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Tableau Software’s (DATA) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Wunderlich Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given a $14.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc (C) Receives Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Upgraded to “Overweight” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. LendingClub Corp’s (LC) Market Perform Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.18 Systemax (SYX) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Position Boosted by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Regions Financial Corp (RF) Receives $13.75 Average Target Price from Brokerages NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Stake Cut by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 1,923 Shares of Toyota Motor Corp (TM) William Blair Weighs in on Pacific Biosciences of California’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PACB) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Sells 12,644 Shares of Wipro Limited (WIT) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $827,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 5,265 Shares of Cree, Inc. (CREE) Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) Stake Increased by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Wedbush Comments on Virco Mfg. Co.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (VIRC) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Stake Increased by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Tyers Asset Management LLC Reduces Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Upgraded to “Overweight” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report released on Thursday morning. They currently have $7.50 target price on the bank’s stock, down from their previous target price of $9.50. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $8.65. Shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) traded up 1.09% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $9.31. 1,350,979 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $8.90 and its 200-day moving average is $7.94. The stock has a market cap of $12.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.14 and a beta of 1.43. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV has a 12 month low of $6.73 and a 12 month high of $10.13. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/santander-mexico-fincl-gp-sab-decv-bsmx-upgraded-to-overweight-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Koch Industries Inc. purchased a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the fourth quarter worth $185,000. DIAM Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 137.1% in the third quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. now owns 31,771 shares of the bank’s stock worth $280,000 after buying an additional 18,372 shares during the last quarter. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC purchased a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the first quarter worth $312,000. Sei Investments Co. purchased a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the third quarter worth $310,000. Finally, Pacad Investment Ltd. boosted its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 119.3% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 45,400 shares of the bank’s stock worth $326,000 after buying an additional 24,700 shares during the last quarter. 31.26% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Company Profile Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV, formerly Santander Mexico Financial Group SAB de CV or Grupo Financiero Santander SAB de CV, is a Mexico-based financial institution. The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. Receive News & Ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jobs Report Shows Slight Improvement for Legal Employment in April Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily CONTINUE Former Robins Kaplan Partner Forms Business Litigation and IP Boutique in NY Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily Law Student’s Harassment and Bullying Ran Amok, Claims Professor’s Suit Karen Sloan Law.Com To Bayer, Compliance Is All a Game Stephanie Forshee Corporate Counsel Sorrows of Those Wrongfully Convicted Unveiled in New Book Randy Maniloff The Legal Intelligencer Cannabis Industry Creates Haze of Uncertainty, Opportunity for Legal Business › In-Depth Analysis California Prepares to Ramp Up Push for Marijuana Rules By Cheryl Miller|The Recorder News NYC Boutique Makes Bet on Big Weed front News Legal Weed Company Gets Some More Lawyer-Shareholders News California Judges Are Told to Stay Away from Pot Businesses Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS J&J Takes $110M Hit in Talc Trial, Adding to String of Losses Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Hack Has Hollywood on Edge, Legal Minds Divided Todd Cunningham The Recorder What You Need to Know About Emoji Law (Yes, That's a Thing) Ross Todd The Recorder Elite Plaintiffs Lawyer Accused of Concealing Payments to Expert Witnesses Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal Dewey Survivors Share Lessons From Their Old Firm's Demise Scott Flaherty The American Lawyer Alanis Morissette’s Business Manager Gets 6-Year Sentence for Embezzling $7.2M Todd Cunningham The Recorder Big Law Defectors Make Bet on Muslim Clients John Council Texas Lawyer Popular     Another Struggling Law School, Another Dean Ousted Who Got Those Social 'Influencer' Letters From the FTC? Read the Full List. Five Judges to Watch in Fourth Circuit Travel Ban Hearing Is It Wrong for Lawyers to Smoke Pot? Purdue Buys Kaplan’s Online-Only JD Program in Education Milestone PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Russia introduces draft law on country-by-country reporting requirements: implications for multinationals A newly published federal draft law introduces Russia to a three-tiered approach to transfer pricing documentation. Download Employment essentials: April’s top 5 Gowling WLG's employment, labour & equalities experts bring you the latest top five employment law developments that may affect your business - what they are, and what you can do about them. Download Government agrees to quashing of decision on Aylesbury Estate CPO Sajid Javid's decision last September to refuse to confirm the London Borough of Southwark's request for compulsory purchase powers on human rights grounds caused ripples to run through the CPO profession. Download The general counsel: a sherpa or scapegoat for the c-suite? Companies now want their legal adviser to guide the business up the dangerous mountain path to growth and profitability, but they also have to make sure they keep all their fingers and toes. Download The art of the modern carve-out: six steps to greater value Many corporates are withdrawing from activities where their businesses are least profitable or where there is no longer a strategic fit. Carve-outs can unlock value from these non-core enterprises. This guide sets out the steps that can be taken to create the right circumstances for success. Download House passes health reform bill: three key amendments This week, Republicans in the US House of Representatives succeeded in passing a health care bill. This article sets out the provisions in the original legislation, as well as the three subsequent amendments that were required to pass the Act this time around. Download Shining a light on the Darknet: what every business should know The portion of the internet that most people generally use is only one of three layers. Of the other two, the Darknet is likely to become increasingly relevant for communication, commercial activity, terrorism and cybercrime. This article explains exactly what the Darknet is, and how it works. Download Could Alternative Business Structures save the Bar? A decade after the Legal Services Act 2007 paved the way for them, The Bar Standards Board has finally licensed Alternative Business Structures. Download FINRA looks to modernize corporate finance regulation The proposal represents a major step in what promises to be a full-scale overhaul of FINRA’s Capital Formation Rules Download For the third time, FDA extends compliance date for menu-labeling requirements The Food and Drug Administration announced in a constituent update that it would extend the menu-labeling compliance date for covered establishments to May 7, 2018. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Appleton Partners Inc. MA Reduces Stake in Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $62.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Appleton Partners Inc. MA Has $1.158 Million Stake in Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Lowered to C+ at TheStreet Cray Inc. (CRAY) Downgraded by TheStreet to D+ Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Bunge Ltd (BG) Given a $80.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG Maxim Group Reiterates “Buy” Rating for THL Credit, Inc. (TCRD) Alaska Communications Systems Group Inc (ALSK) Upgraded by TheStreet to “C” TrovaGene Inc (TROV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Maxim Group Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect IRIDEX (IRIX) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Impact Pearson PLC (PSO) Stock Price AvalonBay Communities (AVB) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Store Capital Corp (STOR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.17 EPS Allegheny Technologies (ATI) Receives News Impact Score of 0.02 Inuvo Inc (INUV) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Receives “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Earns Reduce Rating from Instinet Bunge Ltd (BG) Given a $80.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price target on Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) in a research note published on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the basic materials company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Bunge from a neutral rating to an underweight rating and set a $70.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Bunge from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $88.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Zacks Investment Research cut Bunge from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. BMO Capital Markets restated a buy rating on shares of Bunge in a research note on Friday. Finally, Stephens cut Bunge from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research note on Wednesday. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $76.14. Bunge (NYSE:BG) traded down 0.36% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $69.54. The company had a trading volume of 1,913,610 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $9.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.87 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge has a 1-year low of $56.69 and a 1-year high of $82.66. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $77.95 and a 200 day moving average of $72.49. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The business earned $11.12 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.96 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 24.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Bunge will post $6.12 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/bunge-ltd-bg-given-a-80-00-price-target-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a $0.42 dividend. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s payout ratio is 37.75%. In related news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of BG. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp raised its stake in Bunge by 115.7% in the first quarter. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp now owns 1,361 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 730 shares during the period. Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $144,000. Sciencast Management LP bought a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $208,000. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. bought a new stake in Bunge during the first quarter valued at approximately $212,000. Finally, Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. raised its stake in Bunge by 846.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 2,952 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $234,000 after buying an additional 2,640 shares during the period. 78.49% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Global Blood Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Research Coverage Started at Tigress Financial Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DISH Network Corp (DISH) PT Lowered to $83.00 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for DISH Network Corp (DISH) Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Camelot Portfolios LLC Cuts Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Lowered by Horseman Capital Management Ltd Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Takes Position in NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Stake Raised by Jennison Associates LLC Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Stake Reduced by Jennison Associates LLC Steven D. Bishop Sells 2,668 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stock Matthew Linnington Sells 1,037 Shares of CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Stock Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 7,244 IMPINJ Inc (PI) Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $167,000 Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Jennison Associates LLC Decreases Stake in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Shares Bought by Jennison Associates LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wedbush reissued their outperform rating on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:GBT) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning. They currently have a $73.00 price objective on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently commented on GBT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued an overweight rating and a $25.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Global Blood Therapeutics from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Janney Montgomery Scott assumed coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a research note on Monday. They issued a buy rating and a $37.00 price target for the company. Instinet assumed coverage on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. They issued a buy rating and a $50.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald assumed coverage on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued an overweight rating and a $61.00 target price on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $50.37. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) traded down 0.84% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $29.50. The stock had a trading volume of 310,927 shares. Global Blood Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $13.35 and a 12-month high of $41.15. The company has a 50-day moving average of $33.36 and a 200-day moving average of $23.11. The firm’s market cap is $1.28 billion. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The company reported ($0.60) EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.71) by $0.11. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.56) earnings per share. Analysts expect that Global Blood Therapeutics will post ($2.69) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/wedbush-reaffirms-outperform-rating-for-global-blood-therapeutics-inc-gbt.html. In other Global Blood Therapeutics news, major shareholder Robert I. Tepper sold 31,225 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.23, for a total value of $1,037,606.75. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 229,773 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,635,356.79. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Company insiders own 6.10% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of GBT. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the first quarter worth about $597,000. Swiss National Bank boosted its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 55.5% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 52,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,931,000 after buying an additional 18,700 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 79.2% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 139,389 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,137,000 after buying an additional 61,593 shares in the last quarter. ING Groep NV acquired a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the first quarter worth about $1,618,000. Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can acquired a new position in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the first quarter worth about $129,000. 56.36% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Global Blood Therapeutics Company Profile Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company is developing its initial product candidate, GBT440, as an oral, once-daily therapy for sickle cell disease (SCD). Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Acquires Shares of 37,500 Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Royal Bank of Canada Increases Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Price Target to C$18.00 Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Sells 5,194 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Stake Boosted by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Virtu Financial LLC Invests $408,000 in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Gartner Inc (IT) PT Raised to $128.00 at BMO Capital Markets DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Reduces Position in Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Reduces Stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Sells 5,600 Shares of Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) HubSpot Inc (HUBS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Cott Co. (COT) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Stake Cut by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp State Street Corp (STT) Shares Sold by Dowling & Yahnke LLC Cintas Co. (CTAS) Position Cut by Conning Inc. Royal Bank of Canada Trims Hydro One Ltd (H) Target Price to C$28.00 GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.30 EPS Royal Bank of Canada Increases Taseko Mines Ltd (TKO) Price Target to C$1.75 Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Given New C$40.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Upgraded at Royal Bank of Canada Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Sell” from Analysts Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Stake Cut by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp cut its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) by 15.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 174,472 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 31,572 shares during the period. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp’s holdings in Capital One Financial Corp. were worth $15,120,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of COF. Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,944,247,000. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. by 22.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 29,667,288 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,588,175,000 after buying an additional 5,394,359 shares during the period. Capital World Investors boosted its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. by 27.5% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 27,456,008 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,972,165,000 after buying an additional 5,914,808 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,706,949 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,893,717,000 after buying an additional 952,537 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares during the period. 88.38% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) traded down 0.11% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $82.40. 992,680 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $84.04 and a 200 day moving average price of $85.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $39.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.50 and a beta of 1.24. Capital One Financial Corp. has a 52 week low of $58.03 and a 52 week high of $96.92. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $1.75 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.93 by $0.18. The firm had revenue of $6.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.63 billion. Capital One Financial Corp. had a return on equity of 8.06% and a net margin of 13.63%. Capital One Financial Corp.’s revenue for the quarter was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.84 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Capital One Financial Corp. will post $7.52 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.94%. Capital One Financial Corp.’s payout ratio is 23.26%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Stake Cut by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/capital-one-financial-corp-cof-stake-cut-by-dupont-capital-management-corp.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on COF shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $106.00 to $110.00 in a report on Friday, February 17th. CIBC decreased their target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from $84.00 to $80.00 and set an “underperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Rafferty Capital Markets raised shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $109.00 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Nomura raised shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $97.00 to $105.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $94.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $90.11. In other news, insider Christopher T. Newkirk sold 5,238 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $90.46, for a total transaction of $473,829.48. Following the sale, the insider now owns 26,364 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,384,887.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Michael J. Wassmer sold 734 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $86.88, for a total transaction of $63,769.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 78,963 shares of company stock worth $7,271,906 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 1.94% of the company’s stock. Capital One Financial Corp. Company Profile Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All JPMorgan, BofA, Westpac Are Showing Red Flags TheStreet Staff May 5, 2017 10:43 AM EDT JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) JPMorgan's head and shoulders top triggers a sell if shares slip below $85. Bank of America (BAC) BofA's sell signal triggers if shares violate $22. Westpac Banking Corp. (WBK) WBK broke through the bottom of its uptrend this week. That's a bearish signal that shares just opened up some downside risk. Read Full Article: 3 Mega Banks Showing Red Flags: J.P. Morgan, Bank of America, Westpac This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like 3 Mega Banks Showing Red Flags: JPMorgan, Bank of America, Westpac Investors should think about booking gains on these big banks this spring. Jonas Elmerraji May 5, 2017 10:12 AM EDT Clever Google Attack That Tricked Top Tech Reporters Signals 'Next Phase of Phishing,' Expert Says One million Gmail accounts were affected. Natalie Walters May 4, 2017 2:09 PM EDT No Rate Hike in May, but the Fed Still Has Two on the Way (This Year) Expect two more rate hikes this year, taking interest rates to a range of 1.25% to 1.5%. Morgan Stanley predicts the next one may come as soon as June. James Langford May 4, 2017 7:43 AM EDT Trending The 10 Most Expensive Dog Breeds to Buy in 2017 From Around the World FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says 10 Games That Will Be Huge Hits for the Nintendo Switch 3 Mega Banks Showing Red Flags: JPMorgan, Bank of America, Westpac Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KeyCorp Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Davita Inc (DVA) Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts FBR & Co Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Hilliard Lyons Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.78 Per Share Interface, Inc. (TILE) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 10th MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Downgraded by Jefferies Group LLC to “Hold” JMP Securities Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Stock Rating Lowered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. SandRidge Permian Trust (PER) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on May 26th Analysts Expect Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Announce $0.22 Earnings Per Share Atlantic American (AAME) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.04 Abaxis (ABAX) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Advance Auto Parts (AAP) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds American Capital (ACAS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for Just Eat PLC (JE) MINDBODY Inc (MB) Cut to “Sector Weight” at Pacific Crest Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Stock Rating Lowered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Raymond James Financial, Inc. downgraded shares of Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) from a strong-buy rating to an outperform rating in a research note released on Monday. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an overweight rating and a $65.00 price target for the company. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price target on shares of Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a hold rating for the company in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a buy rating to a hold rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $35.00 in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a strong sell rating to a hold rating and set a $38.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $45.00 to $13.00 in a report on Thursday, April 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Synchronoss Technologies has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.50. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) opened at 15.45 on Monday. Synchronoss Technologies has a 12 month low of $11.15 and a 12 month high of $49.94. The firm has a market cap of $679.54 million, a PE ratio of 34.33 and a beta of 2.28. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $23.03 and its 200 day moving average is $34.41. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.02. The business earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.61 EPS. Analysts forecast that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-stock-rating-lowered-by-raymond-james-financial-inc.html. In other news, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total transaction of $28,376.25. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 49,093 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,288,691.25. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, CFO Karen Rosenberger sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.93, for a total transaction of $73,860.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 36,545 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,349,606.85. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 16,406 shares of company stock valued at $513,101. Insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC increased its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 6.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,216,374 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $123,187,000 after buying an additional 198,669 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 10.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,925,438 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $120,470,000 after buying an additional 275,479 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,221,337 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $46,778,000 after buying an additional 81,926 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 901,973 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $34,545,000 after buying an additional 57,560 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Brown Advisory Inc. increased its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 35.9% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 702,759 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $26,916,000 after buying an additional 185,777 shares during the last quarter. 84.24% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Synchronoss Technologies Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase Announces $6 Million to Prepare South Bronx Youth for High-Demand Jobs NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan Chase & Co. today announced a $6 million commitment to expand young people’s access to economic opportunity in the South Bronx. As growing industries in the city require a more skilled workforce, this initiative will establish an innovative system that connects career and technical education schools in the South Bronx to key employers in New York City. The investment will help drive change and is designed to increase dramatically the number of young people graduating from South Bronx high schools with opportunities to secure well-paying, high-demand jobs. While the unemployment rate in the Bronx is below six percent for the first time, more than four in 10 South Bronx residents do not have a high school diploma and 23 percent of young people are out of school and out of work. This has pushed half of employed young people into low-paying jobs that limit their financial futures. With JPMorgan Chase’s investment from its New Skills for Youth initiative, more young people in the South Bronx will be able to secure the necessary education and training to secure middle skill jobs in three growing industries: transportation, distribution and logistics; healthcare; and information technology. Middle skills jobs require more education and training than a high school diploma but less than a four-year college degree. Whether they go right into a job or onto post-secondary education or training, young people who enter these pathways will be prepared for success in today’s economy. “The lack of economic opportunity for young people in the South Bronx is a moral and economic crisis,” said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase. “Our investment supports the missing link between a successful education and career: businesses and educators working together to help students succeed. This investment will give young people access to jobs that offer good wages and the chance to move up the economic ladder.” “We have to make sure our young people are leaving school with the skills they need to enter the workforce, so that they can get a good job that offers a solid foundation for building a career and future in The Bronx,” said Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. “The number of skilled workers we’ll need is only going to grow, and this investment from JPMorgan Chase is going to significantly help bridge the gap between schools and the in-demand workforce.” Well-Paying, High Demand Jobs are Available In New York City, there are an estimated 26,000 well-paying jobs in the transportation, distribution and logistics sector that are attainable by people without a bachelor’s degree but who have received some education or training beyond a high school diploma. Jobs in this sector, such as engine repairers, sales and services positions and drivers at the Hunts Point Food Distribution Center, MTA Operations and Maintenance Facilities and private sector bus and truck depots, are projected to grow by 10 percent by 2022, including about 3,500 positions in the Bronx. Entry level workers can start at $45,000 and move up to over $100,000 after a few years of experience. Investment Overview To build a new system that connects employers and South Bronx career and technical education programs, JPMorgan Chase’s $6 million investment will focus on three key innovations including: Support intermediaries in growing industries vital to the NYC economy to increase employer engagement and commitments to career education, support school and system level capacity and pathway development in three sectors: healthcare; information technology; and transportation, distribution and logistics. Build a new apprenticeship model that will lead to more registered apprenticeship opportunities in the South Bronx with a “leave behind” sustainable apprenticeship pathway in transportation distribution and logistics. Support the development of a high quality data system to measure and track the expansion of services and opportunities for work based learning, internships and community based efforts that match young people to career pathways. These innovations will be led by several local organizations including: New Visions for Public Schools, an organization dedicated to ensuring that all New York City public school students, regardless of race or economic class, have access to a high-quality education that prepares them for the rigors of college and the workforce. New York Alliance for Careers in Healthcare (NYACH), one of the NYC Department of Small Business Services’ five Industry Partnerships. NYACH works to build an effective healthcare workforce development system in New York City by collaborating with healthcare employers; helping education and training organizations adapt their approach to better meet the industry’s needs; and ensuring low income and unemployed New Yorkers have access to viable career opportunities in healthcare. The Consortium for Worker Education, which works to advance knowledge and critical thinking, and foster research, creativity, and innovation across academic, artistic, and professional disciplines. Per Scholas, aiming to open doors to transformative technology careers for individuals from often overlooked communities by creating opportunity, closing the skills divide, and achieving diversity. Through several targeted philanthropic initiatives, the firm is investing over $325 million in skills development around the world. New Skills for Youth is a $75 million, five-year effort to address the youth unemployment crisis by increasing dramatically the number of young people who complete career pathways that begin in high school and end with postsecondary degrees or credentials aligned with good-paying, high-demand jobs. New Skills at Work is a five-year, $250 million global initiative to help inform and accelerate efforts to address the mismatch between the needs of employers and the skills of job seekers. The firm also invests an additional $5.8 million effort to support summer youth employment programs around the country. Notable Statements of Support “In order to successfully prepare students for 21st century jobs, public schools need to cultivate strong industry and civic partnerships. JPMorgan Chase’s New Skills for Youth initiative does just that, providing skill-building opportunities for students who will most benefit from them,” said New Visions President Mark Dunetz. “At New Visions, we’re committed to designing strategies and tools that strengthen schools’ partnerships with industry and ensure students get the preparation they need for bright futures in the communities where they live.” “The Department of Small Business Services is thrilled to expand its partnership with JPMorgan Chase,” said Small Business Services Commissioner Gregg Bishop. “It has been a strong supporter of our work in healthcare through our New York Alliance for Careers in Healthcare. Today’s students are tomorrow’s workforce and the key to a strong economy in New York City. Our businesses have an important role to play in making sure our workers have the skills and practical experience they need. This pioneering initiative will create an impactful opportunity for our students, our healthcare employers, and our communities.” “Through our job training programs and apprenticeships we’re not only providing the type of in-demand job skills people need, we’re building the talent base employers need to grow and thrive,” said John K. McDermott, Director of Special Projects, The Consortium for Worker Education. “We’re proud to partner with JPMorgan Chase to boost workforce training and development in the South Bronx.” “We do this work to make sure the host of talented youth in the South Bronx aren’t overlooked as a competitive workforce resource,” said Plinio Ayala, President and CEO, Per Scholas. “With support and investment from partners like JPMorgan Chase we are working to build equitable, accessible career pathways in New York’s thriving tech scene.” The initiative is supported by funding from JPMorgan Chase and the JPMorgan Chase Fund in The New York Community Trust. As the community foundation for New York City, Westchester, and Long Island, The New York Community Trust works with individuals, families, and corporations to improve our region through strategic grant-making, civic engagement, and smart giving. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NeoPhotonics Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Airbus A350-1000 successfully completes fuel test campaign in UK Search Recent Posts Pacific Holidays Inc. Unveils Top Notch European Vacation Packages Pacific Holidays Inc. Unveils Top Notch European Vacation Packages Sun Acquisitions Has Been Engaged to Sell Auto Repair and Towing Business in Illinois Sun Acquisitions Has Been Engaged to Sell Auto Repair and Towing Business in Illinois Sun Acquisitions Has Been Engaged to Sell Auto Repair and Towing Business in Illinois RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JAKKS Pacific Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gentherm Inc (THRM) Price Target Increased to $47.00 by Analysts at Barrington Research Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Given a GBX 4,200 Price Target at Berenberg Bank Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Price Target to $45.00 Cerner Co. (CERN) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Short Interest Down 3.8% in April Short Interest in JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Decreases By 5.2% Osisko Mining Corp (OSKFF) Now Covered by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Career Education Corp. (CECO) Sets New 1-Year High on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Norges Bank Buys New Stake in Stage Stores Inc (SSI) 93,800 Shares in Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Acquired by Norges Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Origin Asset Management LLP Norges Bank Takes Position in Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Increased by Lincluden Management Ltd. 8,819 Shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Raises Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Auxier Asset Management Short Interest in JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Decreases By 5.2% May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAKK) saw a significant drop in short interest in the month of April. As of April 13th, there was short interest totalling 3,717,061 shares, a drop of 5.2% from the March 31st total of 3,922,849 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 347,313 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 10.7 days. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Oasis Management Co Ltd. increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 17.2% in the fourth quarter. Oasis Management Co Ltd. now owns 1,395,834 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,189,000 after buying an additional 204,681 shares during the last quarter. Staley Capital Advisers Inc. increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 4.9% in the first quarter. Staley Capital Advisers Inc. now owns 1,068,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,875,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 114.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 752,450 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,501,000 after buying an additional 401,321 shares during the last quarter. Prudential PLC increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 6.6% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 748,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,856,000 after buying an additional 46,200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Daiwa Securities Group Inc. increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 108.4% in the first quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 650,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,575,000 after buying an additional 338,129 shares during the last quarter. JAKK has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised JAKKS Pacific from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on JAKKS Pacific from $5.50 to $6.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, B. Riley reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $5.00 target price on shares of JAKKS Pacific in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $6.50. JAKKS Pacific (NASDAQ:JAKK) opened at 4.80 on Friday. JAKKS Pacific has a 12-month low of $4.62 and a 12-month high of $9.75. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $5.25 and its 200-day moving average price is $5.80. The firm has a market capitalization of $86.90 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 300.00 and a beta of 0.69. JAKKS Pacific (NASDAQ:JAKK) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported ($1.01) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.97) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $94.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $87.68 million. JAKKS Pacific had a negative return on equity of 0.37% and a negative net margin of 0.07%. The company’s revenue was down 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($1.01) EPS. Equities analysts expect that JAKKS Pacific will post $0.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Short Interest in JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Decreases By 5.2%” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/short-interest-in-jakks-pacific-inc-jakk-decreases-by-5-2.html. About JAKKS Pacific JAKKS Pacific, Inc is a multi-line, multi-brand toy company. The Company designs, produces, markets and distributes toys and related products, pet toys, consumables and related products, electronics and related products, kids indoor and outdoor furniture, and other consumer products. The Company operates through two business segments: traditional toys and electronics, and role play, novelty and seasonal toys. Receive News & Ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Societe Generale SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gentherm Inc (THRM) Price Target Increased to $47.00 by Analysts at Barrington Research Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Given a GBX 4,200 Price Target at Berenberg Bank Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Price Target to $45.00 Cerner Co. (CERN) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Short Interest Down 3.8% in April Short Interest in JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Decreases By 5.2% Osisko Mining Corp (OSKFF) Now Covered by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Career Education Corp. (CECO) Sets New 1-Year High on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Norges Bank Buys New Stake in Stage Stores Inc (SSI) 93,800 Shares in Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Acquired by Norges Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Origin Asset Management LLP Norges Bank Takes Position in Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Increased by Lincluden Management Ltd. 8,819 Shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Raises Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Auxier Asset Management Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) has been assigned a €55.00 ($59.78) price target by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Citigroup Inc set a €51.00 ($55.43) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €46.00 ($50.00) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €58.60 ($63.70) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC set a €50.00 ($54.35) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €46.00 ($50.00) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Societe Generale SA has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €47.16 ($51.26). Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) opened at 51.29 on Friday. Societe Generale SA has a 52-week low of €25.00 and a 52-week high of €51.82. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €47.17 and a 200 day moving average price of €44.02. The company has a market capitalization of €41.00 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.04. WARNING: “Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/societe-generale-sa-gle-given-a-55-00-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Societe Generale SA Societe Generale SA is a financial services company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, corporate and investment banking, financial services, insurance, private banking and asset management. The Company’s core businesses are managed through three segments: French Retail Banking, International Retail Banking & Financial Services, and Global Banking and Investor Solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Societe Generale SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years onA decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? Though the effects of the financial crisis in 2007-08 are still reverberating, banks are learning to live with their new environment, writes Patrick Lane. But are they really safer now? print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 6th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon THE ELECTION OF Donald Trump as America’s 45th president dismayed most of New York; Mr Trump’s home city had voted overwhelmingly for another local candidate, Hillary Clinton. But Wall Street cheered. Between polling day on November 8th and March 1st, the S&P 500 sub-index of American banks’ share prices soared by 34%; finance was the fastest-rising sector in a fast-rising market. At the time of the election just two of the six biggest banks, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, could boast market capitalisations that exceeded the net book value of their assets. Now all but Bank of America and Citigroup are in that happy position. Banks’ shares were already on the up, largely because markets expected the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates after a long pause. It obliged in December and March, with three more rises expected this year. That should enable banks to widen the margin between their borrowing and lending rates from 60-year lows. Mr Trump’s victory added an extra boost by promising to lift America’s economic growth rate. He wants to cut taxes on companies, which would fatten banks’ profits directly as well as benefiting their customers. He has also pledged to loosen bank regulation, the industry’s biggest gripe, declaring on the campaign trail that he would ���do a big number” on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which overhauled financial regulation after the crisis. So have the banks at last put the crisis behind them? This special report will argue that many of them are in much better shape than they were a decade ago, but the gains are not evenly spread and have further to go. That is particularly true in Europe, where the banks’ recovery has been distinctly patchy. The STOXX Europe 600 index of bank share prices is still down by two-thirds from the peak it reached ten years ago this month. European lenders’ returns on equity average just 5.8%. America’s banks are significantly stronger. In investment banking, they are beating European rivals hollow. They are no longer having to fork out billions in legal bills for the sins of the past, and they are at last making a better return for their shareholders. Mike Mayo, an independent bank analyst, expects their return on tangible equity soon to exceed their cost of capital (which he, like most banks, puts at 10%) for the first time since the crisis. But financial crises cast long shadows, and even in America banks are not back in full sun yet. Despite the initial Trump rally, the S&P 500 banks index is still about 30% below the peak it reached in February 2007 (see chart). Debates about revising America’s post-crisis regulation are only just beginning. And the biggest question of all has not gone away: are banks—and taxpayers—now safe enough? Latest updates On the “hipster election” in Schleswig-Holstein Kaffeeklatsch12 hours ago In “Sense8” an empathetic outlook is an advanced form of humanity Prospero14 hours ago The Conservatives’ Andy Street wins the West Midlands Britain14 hours ago Who best protects megafauna? Graphic detail14 hours ago A new religious liberty order disappoints conservative Christians Democracy in America15 hours ago An agreement to halt fighting in four zones of Syria Middle East and Africa16 hours ago See all updates Plenty of Americans, including many who voted for Mr Trump, are still suspicious of big banks. The crisis left a good number of them (though few bankers) conspicuously poorer, and resentment easily bubbles up again. Last September Wells Fargo, which had breezed through the crisis, admitted that over the past five years it opened more than 2m ghost deposit and credit-card accounts for customers who had not asked for them. The gain to Wells was tiny, and the fine of $185m was relatively modest. But the scandal cost John Stumpf, the chief executive, and some senior staff their jobs, as well as $180m in forfeited pay and shares. Wells has been fighting a public-relations battle ever since, and mostly losing. This report will take stock of the banking industry, chiefly in America and Europe, a decade after the precipitous fall from grace of banks on both sides of the Atlantic (see article). The origins of the crisis lay in global macroeconomic imbalances as well as in failures of the financial system’s management and supervision: a surfeit of savings in China and other surplus economies was financing an American borrowing and property binge. American and European banks, economies and taxpayers bore the brunt. Banks in other parts of the world, by and large, fared far better. In Australia and Canada, returns on equity stayed in double figures throughout. It helped that Australia has just four big banks and Canada five, which all but rules out domestic takeovers and keeps margins high. As commodity prices have sagged recently, so has profitability in both countries, but last year Australia’s lenders returned 13.7% on equity and Canada’s 14.1%, results that banks elsewhere can only envy. Japan’s biggest banks, which had been reckless adventurers in the heady 1980s and 1990s, did not remain wholly unscathed. Mizuho suffered most, writing down about ¥700bn ($6.8bn). The Japanese were able to pick through Western debris for acquisitions to supplement meagre returns at home. Some chose more wisely than others: MUFG’s stake in Morgan Stanley was a bargain, whereas Nomura’s purchase of Lehman Brothers’ European business proved a burden. Chinese lenders were mostly bystanders at the time, remaining focused on their domestic market. The seven consequences of apocalypse Ask bankers what has changed most in their industry in the past decade, and top of their list will be regulation. A light touch has been replaced by close oversight, including “stress tests” of banks’ ability to withstand crises, which some see as the biggest change in the banking landscape. Before the crisis, says the chief financial officer of an international bank, his firm (and others like it) carried out internal stress tests, for which it collected a few thousand data points. When his bank’s main supervisor started conducting tests after the crisis, the number of data points leapt to the hundreds of thousands. It is now in the low millions, and still rising. The number of people working directly on “controls” at JPMorgan Chase, America’s biggest bank, jumped from 24,000 in 2011 (the year after the Dodd-Frank act, the biggest reform to financial regulation since the 1930s) to 43,000 in 2015. That works out at one employee in six. The second big change is far more demanding capital requirements, together with new rules for leverage and liquidity. Bankers and supervisors agree that the crisis exposed banks’ equity cushions as dangerously thin. For too many, leverage was the path first to profit and then to ruin. Revised international rules, known as Basel 3 (still a work in progress), have forced banks to bulk up, adding equity and convertible debt to their balance-sheets. The idea is that a big bank should be able to absorb the worst conceivable blow without taking down other institutions or needing to be rescued. Between 2011 and mid-2016 the world’s 30 “globally systemically important” banks boosted their common equity by around €1trn ($1.3trn), mostly through retained earnings, says the Bank for International Settlements in Basel. Third, returns on equity have been lower than before the crisis. In part, that is a natural consequence of a bigger equity base. But the fallout from the crisis has also squeezed returns in another way. Central banks first pushed interest rates to ultra-low levels and then followed up with enormous purchases of government bonds and other assets. This was partly intended to help banks, by making funding cheaper and boosting economies. But low rates and flat yield curves compress interest margins and hence profits. Balance-sheets have been stuffed with cash, deposited at central banks and earning next to nothing. According to Oliver Wyman, a consulting firm, the share of cash in American banks’ balance-sheets jumped from 3% before the crisis to a peak of 20% in 2014. As the world economy is at last reviving after several false starts, earnings may pick up in Europe as well as in America. Sweat your assets Fourth, sluggish revenues, combined with the competing demands of supervisors and shareholders, have forced banks to screw down their costs and to think much harder about how best to use scarce resources. “If I’m going to get a good return on a high amount of capital, I’d better focus on what I’m good at,” says Jim Cowles, Citigroup’s boss in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Citi, which under Sandy Weill in the late 1990s had become a sprawling financial supermarket, selling everything from investment-banking services to insurance, has retreated to become chiefly a corporate and investment bank, much as it had been in the 1970s and 1980s. Its bosses emphasise its “network”, a presence in nearly 100 countries that multinationals’ treasurers can count on. It once also had retail banks in 50 countries, many of them second-string. That total is now down to 19. Such retreat from marginal businesses has also meant fewer jobs and lower bonuses, even if bankers’ pay is still the envy of most. That has brought about a fifth change: banks have become less attractive employers for high-powered graduates. “The brightest people no longer want to go to banks but to Citadel [a hedge-fund firm],” laments a senior banker. Some millennials, he adds, are drawn to technology companies instead. Others “don’t want to deal with business at all”. That is because of a sixth change: the financial sector’s reputation was trashed by the crisis. One scandal followed another as the story of the go-go years unfolded: providing mortgages to people who could not afford them; mis-selling securities built upon such loans; selling expensive and often useless payment-protection insurance; fixing Libor, a key interest rate; rigging the foreign-exchange market; and much more. Seventh and last, financial technology is becoming ever more important. That may be better news for banks than it sounds, despite the creakiness of some of their computer systems. Plenty of financial startups are trying to muscle in on their business, but in a highly regulated industry heavyweight incumbents are harder to usurp than booksellers or taxi drivers. As a result, there is a good chance of banks and technology companies forming mutually beneficial partnerships to improve services to their customers rather than fighting each other. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "Ten years on" Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content → When the music stopped: How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Another peace dealAn agreement to halt fighting in four zones of SyriaMiddle East and Africa Local electionsSpringtime for May as the Tories make big gainsBritain Between the coastsOn the “hipster election” in Schleswig-HolsteinKaffeeklatsch Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years on: After Dodd-FrankAmerican banks think they are over-regulated Time to loosen the reins, say America’s banks. Not so fast, say regulators print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 4th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon “LEFT TO OUR own devices,” said Lloyd Blankfein, boss of Goldman Sachs, in February, “we wouldn’t hold as much capital as we are holding.” He is not alone. “It is clear that the banks have too much capital,” wrote Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, America’s biggest bank by assets, in a letter to shareholders last month. American banks, both big and small, are chafing. Since 2009 the 33 banks deemed to be “systemically important”, which are subject to stress tests by the Federal Reserve, have added $700bn in common equity. The eight banks considered to be of global systemic importance (G-SIBs, in banking parlance) must meet not only the capital and leverage requirements agreed on by international supervisors after the crisis (see article) but also additional surcharges levied by the Fed. Among other changes, Mr Dimon wants this “gold-plating” to go. Perhaps most irritating to the banks are the Fed’s annual stress tests, estimating how much equity would be burned up in a hypothetical crisis. The Fed may also limit banks’ dividends and share repurchases if it finds they do not have enough capital in the worst scenario. Banks are given plenty of information about the imaginary catastrophe—but not about the models the Fed uses in the tests. It is hard, they mutter, to hit a moving target in the dark. The Fed, however, does not want banks to arrange their balance-sheets merely to meet the test. Daniel Tarullo, the designer of the Fed’s stress-test apparatus, who stepped down as a governor last month, said in a farewell speech that the tests needed refining but that they had to adapt to new risks, and that publishing models would “result in less protection for the financial system”. Bankers freely admit that they had too little equity before the crisis. Now they say they have too much. Mr Dimon points out that under the worst scenario in the Fed’s stress test last year, the 33 banks’ hypothetical losses amounted to $195bn. That is bound to be an overstatement: the test assumes that each and every bank will be the worst affected. But it still amounts to less than 10% of their combined loss-absorbing resources. They are now required to hold so much capital, Mr Dimon writes, that lending and the American economy are being held back. The banks grumble about a surfeit of rules as well as of capital. The Fed’s first stress tests predated, by a year, the Dodd-Frank act of 2010, which recast American financial regulation. The law runs to 848 pages. It abolished one watchdog but created two more, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which is made up of the heads of regulatory agencies and is chaired by the treasury secretary. It laid out procedures for dealing with bankruptcy of systemically important banks, using public money if need be. In all it imposed 390 requirements for which regulators had to come up with new rules. According to Gabriel Rosenberg of Davis Polk, a law firm, only 279 have been finalised. Banks moan that the regulation of mortgages—more than half of which are now originated by non-banks—is especially fiendish. The Dodd-Frank act has thickened the “spaghetti soup” Latest updates On the “hipster election” in Schleswig-Holstein Kaffeeklatsch12 hours ago In “Sense8” an empathetic outlook is an advanced form of humanity Prospero14 hours ago The Conservatives’ Andy Street wins the West Midlands Britain14 hours ago Who best protects megafauna? Graphic detail14 hours ago A new religious liberty order disappoints conservative Christians Democracy in America15 hours ago An agreement to halt fighting in four zones of Syria Middle East and Africa16 hours ago See all updates Complaints about red tape extend far beyond Wall Street. America has a total of around 5,900 banks, all but 100-odd of which hold assets of less than $10bn, a category dubbed “community” banks; indeed, more than 5,000 of them hold less than $1bn. Community banks, like their bigger peers, say regulation is costing them too much and restricting lending. Community banks have plenty of other problems as well. They lack scale; their risks are locally concentrated; and they face competition not only from bigger banks but also from online lenders. Already one-fifth of small businesses—the community banks’ staple—look to online lenders when seeking a loan. Small banks have been in decline for decades (see chart). Stephen Cecchetti, of Brandeis University, and Kim Schoenholtz, of New York University’s Stern School of Business, point out that this downward trend did not accelerate after Dodd-Frank. Still, extra regulation has not helped. Karen Mills of Harvard Business School, a former head of the federal government’s Small Business Administration, says that Dodd-Frank has thickened the “spaghetti soup”. In particular, community banks’ ability to make loans of under $150,000 has been weakened. Although they are exempt from many of the regulations governing large institutions, such as supervisory stress tests, the fixed costs of regulation weigh more heavily on smaller lenders. “Bank presidents are really thinking about regulation more than serving customers,” says Hester Peirce, of the Mercatus Centre at George Mason University in Washington, DC. Do a big number If Hillary Clinton had been elected president last November, bankers’ best hope for regulation might have been more of the same. Mr Trump, by contrast, has promised to “do a big number” (meaning a radical cutback) on the Dodd-Frank act. No one knows how big. All Mr Trump has done so far is to issue an executive order listing seven unobjectionable principles for financial regulation (sample: “foster economic growth and vibrant financial markets through more rigorous regulatory impact analysis”) and to instruct the treasury secretary to assess by early June whether existing laws can deliver these objectives. A separate proclamation has paved the way for easing rules on financial advisers’ duties to their clients. Nothing much is likely to happen soon, although ideas are in the air. Gary Cohn, Mr Trump’s chief economic adviser, has mused about a “21st-century version” of the Glass-Steagall act, a Depression-era law, repealed in 1999, that forced the separation of commercial and investment banking. Separately, Republicans in the House of Representatives have said that they want to pass a bill to replace Dodd-Frank by the summer. But the new administration wanted to concentrate on replacing Barack Obama’s health-care law (over which it came a cropper) and on reforming taxes. And although Mr Trump has a treasury secretary in place, Steven Mnuchin, other jobs in the department that require approval by the Senate, plus many that do not, have not yet been filled. Passing new legislation may anyway be tricky. Although the Republicans have majorities in both the House and the Senate, they lack the 60 votes needed to break a filibuster (debating a bill for so long that it runs out of time) in the upper house. Persuading eight Democrats to join them appears a tall order for anything that looks like a sop to Wall Street, but some sound keen on Mr Cohn’s Glass-Steagall idea. Budgetary measures can be passed with a simple majority. That may allow Republicans to restrict funding for (and perhaps restructure) the CFPB, which is financed through the Fed rather than directly by Congress, or perhaps to gut Dodd-Frank’s bankruptcy procedure. There may be broad agreement on some areas. One is that small banks’ burden should be eased, for instance via complete exemption from the Volcker rule, which bans banks from trading most securities for their own profit, and from owning private-equity and hedge funds, and which was aimed at big institutions. It helps that community banks have plenty of congressional clout. Another is that the threshold of $50bn in assets for designating a bank as systemically important, and so subject to detailed stress-testing, is too low. The smallest are no systemic threat, and the limit discourages otherwise sensible mergers that would push banks above it. The Fed has already eased some requirements for smaller systemic banks. It should also be possible to loosen the reins without new laws. Dodd-Frank gives regulators a fair amount of discretion, and Mr Trump will be able to choose a number of new ones. Most important (and possibly imminent) is a replacement for Mr Tarullo, long a thorn in the banks’ sides, to oversee financial stability at the Fed. Two other slots at the central bank are vacant. Thomas Curry’s term as the Comptroller of the Currency, who oversees national banks, ended on April 9th. And in November Martin Gruenberg’s term as chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) is due to run out. Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, intends to revive legislation that he proposed last year. At the core of his Financial CHOICE (Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs) act is indeed a choice: banks can opt to maintain a leverage ratio, of equity to total liabilities, of 10%, in return for exemption from such burdens as minimum ratios of equity to risk-weighted assets laid down in international banking standards, “living wills” setting out how they could be wound up if they went bust, and those pesky stress tests. With enough equity, the theory goes, a failing bank would be no risk to the taxpayer and so could be left in peace. If it overreached, only its shareholders would suffer. A book published in March by academics at the Stern School and NYU’s law school, “Regulating Wall Street: CHOICE Act vs Dodd-Frank”, compares the two acts, section by section. It argues that Dodd-Frank has made the American financial system safer, both since the crisis and relative to those of other large countries; but its many pages and associated rules have not got to the heart of systemic risk, and are more burdensome than necessary. So does CHOICE represent an improvement? Start with a tick in its favour. The Volcker rule, the NYU team concludes, could go. It is supposed to stop banks using deposits insured by taxpayers to fund risky proprietary trading. But it was not such trading that caused the crisis, and the rule does not reduce risk enough to justify the burden of compliance. Banks complain that they must send reams of data to regulators daily to show that they are complying. They say that if the rule were scrapped they would not reopen proprietary trading desks anyway. A separate study, by consultants at Oliver Wyman, finds that the Volcker rule and similar regulations in Europe may have harmed liquidity in some important markets, including repos, which provide short-term funding, corporate bonds and commercial mortgage-backed securities, because banks now hold much less of such stuff on their balance-sheets. Neither Dodd-Frank nor CHOICE, says the NYU team, tackles important flaws in American regulation. The country has lots of different watchdogs, and who oversees what depends on a company’s legal form rather than its economic function. Its property and mortgage markets are distorted by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which guarantee almost all housing loans. Both laws leave these problems untouched. CHOICE’s central bargain—10% leverage in return for less regulation—may make sense for smaller, non-systemic banks. For the bigger ones, it looks like a bad deal both for the banks themselves and for the wider economy. Eliminating stress tests for systemically important banks, argue the NYU authors, “could be catastrophic”. One of them, Philipp Schnabl, says the point is not how much capital banks have in normal times but how much they have in hand when trouble arrives. And because leverage ratios treat all assets as equally risky, banks may have an incentive to increase risk—and hence, they hope, returns—while keeping the ratio constant. You need risk-weighting too. Moreover, measuring leverage is not as simple as it looks. American accounting principles, known as GAAP, allow banks to offset derivative exposures on the asset and liability sides of their balance-sheets. International standards, or IFRS, restrict this possibility, because the liabilities will still exist in bankruptcy. Balance-sheets are therefore smaller, and leverage ratios larger, under GAAP than under IFRS. This matters. Thomas Hoenig, vice-chairman of the FDIC, is no fan of regulatory risk-weighting. He thinks it is fine for banks to use it internally, but not for supervisors to decide priorities for them, pointing out that “I cannot predict the future.” So he also favours leverage ratios of at least 10%—but for all banks, and on the IFRS measure. In December, America’s eight G-SIBs had a combined leverage ratio of 8.2% under GAAP but only 6.3% under IFRS. In the 2008 crisis, Mr Hoenig notes, their losses amounted to 6% of tangible assets. Disentangling risk He recently put more flesh on his proposals. Dodd-Frank was “well-intended”, he says, but its “many and complicated” regulations are too burdensome for all banks, especially small ones. For the largest ones, he thinks, the law has “served to enshrine too big to fail”. He suggests that big banks should split commercial and investment banking into separately capitalised and managed subsidiaries, each capable of entering bankruptcy without public support. The FDIC would insure deposits in the commercial subsidiary (as before), which would be subject to a leverage ratio of at least 10%; the investment-banking arm’s requirement would be based on risk, but should be no less than that of stand-alone broker-dealers today (8.4%). In return, big banks could be freed from a whole array of regulations, including stress tests and living wills. The idea, Mr Hoenig notes, is similar to the “ring-fencing” of retail banks in Britain, due in 2019. (Mr Cohn could also be thinking along these lines.) Others say that 10%, however you measure it, is not enough. In “The Bankers’ New Clothes”, published in 2013, Anat Admati of Stanford and Martin Hellwig of the Max Planck Institute for Research on Collective Goods proposed a minimum of 20%. The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis estimated last year that Dodd-Frank had cut the chance that big American banks would need another public bail-out at least once in the next 100 years only from 84% to 67%. To reduce the probability to 9%, it proposed the equivalent of a leverage ratio of 15%. Banks that fell short after five years would see the bar raised, eventually to 24%. Underlying all this is a divergence between what suits a big bank and what suits the economy as a whole. Unsupervised, banks are likely to issue too little capital, because they do not take into account the effect of a systemic crisis on other banks or on the economy as a whole. That is why the biggest face more demanding capital rules and stress tests. The alternative is to force them to have so much equity on their balance-sheets that they can fail without bringing down the lot. Mr Dimon argues that the banks have already passed that point: “Essentially, too big to fail has been solved—taxpayers will not pay if a bank fails.” The question now is whether Mr Trump appoints supervisors who agree with Mr Dimon. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "After Dodd-Frank" Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon Be the first to comment Reuse this content → Bother over Basel: Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Another peace dealAn agreement to halt fighting in four zones of SyriaMiddle East and Africa Local electionsSpringtime for May as the Tories make big gainsBritain Between the coastsOn the “hipster election” in Schleswig-HolsteinKaffeeklatsch Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Triple-S Management Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Triple-S Management Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $5.342 Million Stake in National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 157,331 Shares of Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 8,890 Shares of Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $6.588 Million Stake in CM Finance Inc (CMFN) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Acquires New Stake in Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Summit Securities Group LLC Purchases 9,439 Shares of American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Stake Decreased by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Stake Boosted by Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Algert Global LLC Acquires 47,833 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. Sells 72 Shares of State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) Carbonite Inc (CARB) Shares Sold by Algert Global LLC Fibrocell Science Inc (FCSC) Receives $4.42 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Target Price at $97.80 Analysts Set SunPower Co. (SPWR) Target Price at $8.90 Analysts Set Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Price Target at $37.86 Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.19 EPS Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results TiVo Corp (TIVO) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Algert Global LLC Boosts Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) 96,387 Shares in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Acquired by Algert Global LLC Algert Global LLC Acquires 47,833 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Algert Global LLC raised its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS) by 127.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 85,257 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 47,833 shares during the period. Algert Global LLC owned approximately 0.35% of Triple-S Management Corp. worth $1,498,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of GTS. Lakewood Capital Management LP boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 68.8% in the third quarter. Lakewood Capital Management LP now owns 763,705 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,748,000 after buying an additional 311,247 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Triple-S Management Corp. during the fourth quarter worth $4,112,000. Heartland Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 26.0% in the first quarter. Heartland Advisors Inc. now owns 656,087 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,527,000 after buying an additional 135,327 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 85.9% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 60,712 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,257,000 after buying an additional 28,046 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Triple-S Management Corp. by 4.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 401,925 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,815,000 after buying an additional 15,458 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 87.63% of the company’s stock. Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS) traded up 0.56% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $18.01. 36,029 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $434.22 million, a P/E ratio of 25.37 and a beta of 0.89. The company has a 50 day moving average of $17.77 and a 200 day moving average of $19.91. Triple-S Management Corp. has a 12-month low of $16.49 and a 12-month high of $27.08. Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.05. Triple-S Management Corp. had a return on equity of 1.41% and a net margin of 0.65%. The firm had revenue of $730.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $731.47 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.45 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Triple-S Management Corp. will post $1.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Algert Global LLC Acquires 47,833 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/algert-global-llc-acquires-47833-shares-of-triple-s-management-corp-gts.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Triple-S Management Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday. Triple-S Management Corp. Company Profile Triple-S Management Corporation operates as a managed care company. The Company offers a range of managed care and related products in the commercial, Medicaid and Medicare markets. The Company’s segments include Managed Care, Life Insurance, and Property and Casualty Insurance. The Managed Care segment is engaged in the sale of managed care products to the Commercial, Medicare and Medicaid market sectors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Triple-S Management Corp. (NYSE:GTS). Receive News & Ratings for Triple-S Management Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Triple-S Management Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital One National Association Has $957,000 Stake in ITT Inc. (ITT) Capital One National Association Sells 5,424 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Avista Corp (AVA) Shares Bought by Trillium Asset Management LLC Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Bought by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Trillium Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 20,661 INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Stake Raised by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires New Stake in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) CFO Scott T. Wheeler Sells 757 Shares of Stock Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Tilly Levine Sells 20,000 Shares Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Insider Matthew Roberts Buys 657 Shares of Stock Graham Co. (GHM) Insider James R. Lines Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Insider S. Chris Jacobsen Sells 3,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: HubSpot Inc (HUBS) General Counsel Sells 316 Shares of Stock RLI Corp. (RLI) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.83 NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Boosted by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Aqua America Inc (WTR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Capital One National Association Sells 5,424 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital One National Association cut its position in Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) by 16.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 27,772 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 5,424 shares during the period. Capital One National Association owned 0.06% of Mercury Systems worth $1,084,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 11.5% in the third quarter. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA now owns 501,007 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $12,310,000 after buying an additional 51,687 shares during the period. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 24.8% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 537,968 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $13,218,000 after buying an additional 107,007 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 4.4% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 7,852 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 332 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 28.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 7,658 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $188,000 after buying an additional 1,692 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 197.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 45,161 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,110,000 after buying an additional 29,965 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.14% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded up 1.02% during trading on Thursday, reaching $39.74. The company had a trading volume of 355,879 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $38.76 and its 200 day moving average is $33.61. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 68.64 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems Inc has a 52 week low of $19.78 and a 52 week high of $40.86. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. The company earned $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.54 million. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 62.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.25 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Mercury Systems Inc will post $1.10 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/capital-one-national-association-sells-5424-shares-of-mercury-systems-inc-mrcy.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on MRCY shares. SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $36.00 target price for the company. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Mercury Systems from $28.00 to $30.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Mercury Systems from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Mercury Systems has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $41.50. In other news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.80, for a total transaction of $362,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 586,249 shares in the company, valued at $22,160,212.20. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Michael A. Daniels purchased 2,683 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $37.31 per share, with a total value of $100,102.73. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 60,096 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,242,181.76. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders sold 28,800 shares of company stock valued at $1,091,904 over the last quarter. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRCY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jobs Report Shows Slight Improvement for Legal Employment in April Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily CONTINUE Former Robins Kaplan Partner Forms Business Litigation and IP Boutique in NY Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily Law Student’s Harassment and Bullying Ran Amok, Claims Professor’s Suit Karen Sloan Law.Com To Bayer, Compliance Is All a Game Stephanie Forshee Corporate Counsel Sorrows of Those Wrongfully Convicted Unveiled in New Book Randy Maniloff The Legal Intelligencer Cannabis Industry Creates Haze of Uncertainty, Opportunity for Legal Business › In-Depth Analysis California Prepares to Ramp Up Push for Marijuana Rules By Cheryl Miller|The Recorder News NYC Boutique Makes Bet on Big Weed front News Legal Weed Company Gets Some More Lawyer-Shareholders News California Judges Are Told to Stay Away from Pot Businesses Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS J&J Takes $110M Hit in Talc Trial, Adding to String of Losses Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Hack Has Hollywood on Edge, Legal Minds Divided Todd Cunningham The Recorder What You Need to Know About Emoji Law (Yes, That's a Thing) Ross Todd The Recorder Elite Plaintiffs Lawyer Accused of Concealing Payments to Expert Witnesses Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal Dewey Survivors Share Lessons From Their Old Firm's Demise Scott Flaherty The American Lawyer Alanis Morissette’s Business Manager Gets 6-Year Sentence for Embezzling $7.2M Todd Cunningham The Recorder Big Law Defectors Make Bet on Muslim Clients John Council Texas Lawyer Popular     Another Struggling Law School, Another Dean Ousted Who Got Those Social 'Influencer' Letters From the FTC? Read the Full List. Five Judges to Watch in Fourth Circuit Travel Ban Hearing Is It Wrong for Lawyers to Smoke Pot? Purdue Buys Kaplan’s Online-Only JD Program in Education Milestone PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Russia introduces draft law on country-by-country reporting requirements: implications for multinationals A newly published federal draft law introduces Russia to a three-tiered approach to transfer pricing documentation. Download Employment essentials: April’s top 5 Gowling WLG's employment, labour & equalities experts bring you the latest top five employment law developments that may affect your business - what they are, and what you can do about them. Download Government agrees to quashing of decision on Aylesbury Estate CPO Sajid Javid's decision last September to refuse to confirm the London Borough of Southwark's request for compulsory purchase powers on human rights grounds caused ripples to run through the CPO profession. Download The general counsel: a sherpa or scapegoat for the c-suite? Companies now want their legal adviser to guide the business up the dangerous mountain path to growth and profitability, but they also have to make sure they keep all their fingers and toes. Download The art of the modern carve-out: six steps to greater value Many corporates are withdrawing from activities where their businesses are least profitable or where there is no longer a strategic fit. Carve-outs can unlock value from these non-core enterprises. This guide sets out the steps that can be taken to create the right circumstances for success. Download House passes health reform bill: three key amendments This week, Republicans in the US House of Representatives succeeded in passing a health care bill. This article sets out the provisions in the original legislation, as well as the three subsequent amendments that were required to pass the Act this time around. Download Shining a light on the Darknet: what every business should know The portion of the internet that most people generally use is only one of three layers. Of the other two, the Darknet is likely to become increasingly relevant for communication, commercial activity, terrorism and cybercrime. This article explains exactly what the Darknet is, and how it works. Download Could Alternative Business Structures save the Bar? A decade after the Legal Services Act 2007 paved the way for them, The Bar Standards Board has finally licensed Alternative Business Structures. Download FINRA looks to modernize corporate finance regulation The proposal represents a major step in what promises to be a full-scale overhaul of FINRA’s Capital Formation Rules Download For the third time, FDA extends compliance date for menu-labeling requirements The Food and Drug Administration announced in a constituent update that it would extend the menu-labeling compliance date for covered establishments to May 7, 2018. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct UK-USA-ECONOMY:U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pctReuters | May 6, 2017, 05.30 AM IST By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Advance Your Career - Earn Your Master’s at DePaul College of Computing and Digital Media Watch: Do You Know The Most Common Asthma Triggers? Some M.. HealthiNation Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Al Pacino urges daughter to drop surname - Times of India The cancer that killed actor Vinod Khanna From the Web More From The Times of India Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear…The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Check Out The New SUV Cars of 2017Top SUVs Sponsored Ads Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLXAcura Never Hold Your Baby When on a Plane...Activly Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing ItWebMD Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Natural ways to get bigger breasts Indian-American man jailed for 5 years; loses US citizenship Sachin Tendulkar at MRF Limited in Delhi - Times of India Bipasha, Karan upset for not getting movie offers ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular 'Brutal' Nirbhaya rapists to hang; will sleep tonight, victim's father says 330 kilograms lighter, Egyptian woman leaves India Mumbai businessman arrested for defrauding public sector banks of Rs 2,600 crore 20 Forbidden Places You Are Not Allowed To Go Ad: HistoryInOrbit.com Cognizant reports 2.4% QoQ growth in Q1 revenue IT major Cognizant reported a 26.3 per cent YoY in net income at $557 million, or $0.92 per diluted share for the March quarter. This compares with $441 million, or $0.72 per diluted share, net income that the company reported for the first quarter of 2016. Total revenue for the quarter stood at $3.55 billion, which rose 10.7 per cent YoY from $3.20 billion. On a sequential basis, revenues rose 2.4 per cent. ACC to explore possibility of a merger with Ambuja Cement ACC Cement has decided to explore further the possibility of merging operations with Ambuja Cement, as discussed by the board of directors at the annual meeting of ACC. From around the Web 10 Most Gorgeous ‘Off the Grid’ Homes CrazyFreelancer Looking for premium traffic in India? Colombia Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Her Dress Dropped Jaws At The 2015 Met Gala StyleBistro More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India Read MoreWarasiyaVMCvadodara vadodara municipal corporationu s treasuriesTrump Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting U.S. Interior chief kicks off monument review with Utah visit FOB Gulf Grain-Corn, soy level as Midwest floods thin spot supply Bonavista Energy, Empire Company, Great-West Lifeco 1U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct 2Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting 3U.S. Interior chief kicks off monument review with Utah visit 4FOB Gulf Grain-Corn, soy level as Midwest floods thin spot supply 5Bonavista Energy, Empire Company, Great-West Lifeco Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Live: South Asia Satellite  Nirbhaya case Maruti Dzire 2017 RCB vs KXIP SSLC Result 2017 Nirbhaya GSLV Nirbhaya verdict South Asia Satellite Bahubali 2 Collection Day 6 Blue Whale challenge Bahubali 2 Collection Day 5 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Nirbhaya case Infosys ICICI Bank Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant CIA Review Babu Baga Busy review Baahubali 2 Records Trending topics Best Sex Positions IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Best Mehndi Designs Shivpal Yadav new party Bahubali 2 Collection xXx Baahubali 2 Collections Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Nonprofit works to transform Detroit’s Regent Park The nonprofit founded in 2005 is on a mission to revitalize a blighted neighborhood on the city’s east side Post to Facebook Nonprofit works to transform Detroit’s Regent Park The nonprofit founded in 2005 is on a mission to revitalize a blighted neighborhood on the city’s east side  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2pPUDIt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Nonprofit works to transform Detroit’s Regent Park Stephanie Steinberg , The Detroit News Published 11:09 p.m. ET May 5, 2017 | Updated 4 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share A LifeBUILDERS executive and employee talk about their home rehab work in the Detroit The nonprofit founded in 2005 is on a mission to revitalize a blighted neighborhood on the city’s east side Buy Photo Co-founder Marilyn Johnson leaves a renovated house on Eastburn. It will be the first home the nonprofit puts on the market. They plan to list it at $65,000. (Photo: Stephanie Steinberg / The Detroit News)Buy Photo 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Detroit — Marilyn Johnson remembers more than a decade ago when the corner bungalow on Eastburn was a “gun haven” for a gang on the city’s east side. “They were dealing AK-47s in this house when we moved into the neighborhood,” said the 72-year-old Regent Park resident, standing in a remodeled first-floor bedroom. “I found shell cases all over the house.” Since then, Johnson and her husband Larry, 69, founded the nonprofit LifeBuilders and rehabbed 30 Regent Park homes as well as offered afterschool programs and summer camps in an area Larry said is known as “Detroit’s most dangerous ZIP code: 48205.” This spring, the nonprofit is renovating 13 homes, five of which are funded with money from a $500,000 Wayne County grant. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn LifeBuilders remodels homes in Detroit  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson, 72, points to houses, Tuesday, April 25, 2017, that LifeBuilders remodeled in Detroit's Regent Park. The nonprofit has rehabbed 35 homes and is renovating another 13 this spring. The next phase of the project entails renovating over 100 homes in the neighborhood starting this fall.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Johnson walks into a house the nonprofit is renovating. The home on Eastburn used to be occupied by a Detroit gang a decade ago. "They were dealing AK 47s in this house when we moved into the neighborhood,"Johnson said. "This was a gun haven for a Detroit gang."  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Detroit resident Kevin Marshall, 23, attended LifeBuilders' teen program when he was 16. He now works for LifeBuilders as an operations manager in charge of renovating homes. On April 25, he preps the kitchen walls for painting at a home on Eastburn in Regent Park.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Detroit resident Kevin Marshall, 23, attended LifeBuilders' teen program when he was 16. He now works for LifeBuilders as an operations manager in charge of renovating homes. On April 25, he preps the kitchen walls for painting at a home on Eastburn in Regent Park.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founders Marilyn and Larry Johnson stand in the park their nonprofit is revitalizing on Bringard in Regent Park. The park will include sports fields, pavilions and walking trails. An opening kickoff event will be held June 10.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Every home LifeBuilders that has been renovated in Regent Park has a "No Dumping God Is Watching You" sign.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Johnson shows off the kitchen cabinets in a renovated home on Eastburn in Regent Park, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. It will be the first home the nonprofit is putting on the market to sell. They plan to list it at $65,000.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders property manager Mike Agrusa, left, 52, shows off the finished basement in a renovated home on Eastburn in Regent Park with LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson. The basement was painted LifeBuilders signature lime green color. Agrusa has worked for LifeBuilders the past five years, helping to fix up homes. "Even though I don't reside in Detroit, you can't help but want to rebuild the area," he said.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson leaves a renovated house on Eastburn in Regent Park. It will be the first home the nonprofit is putting on the market to sell.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuiders co-founder Marilyn Johnson hugs first-grader Devin Mitchell as he enters LifeBuilders’ after-school program at The Branch, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. JP Morgan Chase donated its closed bank branch in Harper Woods to LifeBuilders. The nonprofit renovated the building into a youth center and opened it in October 2016. Known as “The Branch,” the center hosts after-school programs, kids camps and mentor programs for teens in the neighborhood.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo A LifeBuilders bus arrives at The Branch with about 20 kids for an after-school program.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson fist bumps with a student entering LifeBuilders’ after-school program at The Branch.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders bus driver Mona Sloan, 61, drops off kids at the after-school program at The Branch. Sloan has worked at LifeBuilders the past six years and has helped renovate apartments and mentor youth in LifeBuilders programs. “They just do so much,” she says of co-founders Marilyn and Larry Johnson. “I’m just so grateful to be able to be a part of what they’re doing."  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders employee Kevin Marshall, of Detroit, rakes in front of the office on Kelly near Bringard, Saturday morning, April 29, 2017.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Paul Freund sweeps the sidewalk as other pick up debris. Kensington Church members from the Clinton Township campus and LifeBuilders employees clean up around houses and a former school / community center in the Regent Park neighborhood on Detroit’s northeast side, Saturday morning, April 29, 2017.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteer Terry Pipsky, left, and LifeBuilders administrative assistant Sherry Wernette pick up debris in the driveway in front of this garage.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Alexis Maison, right, and others pick up debris near this vacant building, which used to be part of McGregor Middle School, according to neighbors. Kensington Church members from the Clinton Township campus and LifeBuilders employees clean up around houses and a former school / community center in the Regent Park neighborhood.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 17 2 of 17 3 of 17 4 of 17 5 of 17 6 of 17 7 of 17 8 of 17 9 of 17 10 of 17 11 of 17 12 of 17 13 of 17 14 of 17 15 of 17 16 of 17 17 of 17 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The couple originally strove to restore 150 blighted homes in the neighborhood by 2020 through grants, donations and their thousands of volunteers. Now, an interested developer has stepped in to speed up the process and help renovate more than 100 homes starting as early as this fall. “What we originally dreamed was going to take so long to do, we have an opportunity to do it much faster, and it’s very exciting,” Larry said. In their Harper Woods headquarters, a satellite map with 100-plus dots covers a table. The green dots represent LifeBuilders’ acquired property; yellow, acquired lots; and red, abandoned properties. Larry points to a sticker with sports balls, plotted on the shuttered Tracy W. McGregor Elementary School on Edmore. “That will be the future epicenter of the community,” he said. The school had been abandoned for over 10 years before LifeBuilders bought the building and adjacent property it will turn into a park with sports fields, picnic pavilions and walking trails. Bringard-Boulder Park is scheduled to open June 10. LifeBuilders also plans to renovate the closed school into a 16,000-square-foot Head Start facility and host its youth and senior programs — currently held in a former Harper Woods JPMorgan Chase bank branch — in the building. The Johnsons are making good on a promise they made 12 years ago to invest in Regent Park. Instead of joining the ranks of suburbanites who criticized Detroit, the then-Grosse Pointe residents, who spent decades in the computer business, wanted to take action. “We decided that we were going to give our lives to doing what we could do to make a difference in Detroit,” Larry said. He and his wife started organizing Bible studies and church services in a former yoga studio on Kelly. Getting to know the families, Larry said they began to “share in their despair and hopelessness (they felt) as a result of all the blight that had encroached on their lives.” “Somebody needed to do something about all this,” he added. “And rather than wait for somebody else to do it, we decided that we were going to take on this housing situation and see what we could do.” They restored their first house on Kelly, buying it for under $20,000 with their savings. Then, they restored another on Eastburn. And another on Collingham. And renovated a 16-unit apartment complex on Kelly. “As they saw us work here, many people decided that they were going to stay rather than move,” Larry said, “and see this to an end with the hope that the community would be restored to what it once was.” Decades ago, Detroit police officers, firefighters, teachers and city workers occupied the 2,200 Regent Park homes bounded by Seven Mile, Eight Mile, Kelly and Gratiot. When a 1999 law lifted the requirement for city employees to live in Detroit, residents started packing boxes, Larry said. Then the real estate bubble burst in 2007, exacerbating the number of abandoned homes and foreclosures in the neighborhood. “Twenty-five percent of the 2,200 homes in our area are in some state of abandonment,” Larry said. The Johnsons picked Regent Park due its proximity to Grosse Pointe, thinking they’d easily enlist suburban volunteers. “It didn’t work out as we thought,” Larry said. “People were fearful of coming here and working in the community.” Eventually, that mentality shifted as the Johnsons moved to the neighborhood and changed the community one house — and person — at a time. ‘Bringing a lot peace’ Crouching on the ground, Kevin Marshall scraped paint off moldy walls in the former gang house on Eastburn. The 23-year-old Detroiter joined LifeBuilders at age 16. He’ll admit, the teen program enticed him with free McDonald’s gift cards. “I was like, ‘Yeah, I’ll come all the time,’ ” he laughed. In the program led by Larry Johnson, Marshall said he gained mentors who were “there for you in a time of need.” “They made us mature young men,” he added. Now a LifeBuilders operations manager, he restores houses and does “a little bit of everything.” “(They’re) bringing a lot peace in the neighborhood and a lot of hope,” he said. “I just wanted to be a part of that.” Mona Sloan of Detroit felt the same draw. The 61-year-old met Marilyn Johnson at church in 2008. “She’s my spiritual sister,” Sloan said. “When I came to Detroit, she helped me out a great deal.” A part-time staffer, Sloan shuttles children in the LifeBuilders bus, mentors teen girls Monday nights and renovated the apartment complex she now lives in. Over the last eight years, she’s watched the neighborhood transform. “They’ve gotten rid of so many drug dealers and people squatting, and the renovated houses bring the community back up,” she said in the driver seat after dropping off 20 kids for LifeBuilders’ afterschool program. The youth program started with a few kids, she added. Now, it reaches hundreds, thanks to the Johnsons passing out fliers and talking to kids on the street. “They give so much of themselves,” Sloan said. “I ask them all the time, ‘How the heck do you do it?’... They said, ‘We eat wheat germ and flaxseed, among other stuff.’ I started eating wheat germ and flaxseed. I’m not kidding.’ ” Gentrifying Regent Park Anyone who fills out an application and passes a criminal background check is eligible to rent a LifeBuilders home or apartment. Houses range from $700-$800 and apartments start at $550 a month. Most renters are low-income, but that’s quickly changing as rental rates rise downtown. Native Detroiter Rosalind Adams, for instance, lives near Lafayette Park. She decided to move after receiving a notice her $1,050 monthly rent would be raised potentially hundreds of dollars to reflect market value rates. “I work in the Renaissance Center, so (the location) was convenient for my job,” said Adams, 59. “But I’m not going to keep paying all this money just for convenience.” Her brother moved into a LifeBuilders house after his rent increased, too, and he recommended she check out the neighborhood. After touring a bungalow on Carlisle, she signed the papers to move in June 1. While she said she liked that LifeBuilders is “looking out for everybody in the community,” she’ll also get more for her buck. “It has a fenced in back porch, a garage and I can barbecue,” she said of the $800 rental. “There’s a yard my grandkids can play in.” This month, LifeBuilders will put its first home — a three-bedroom, one-bathroom — on the market starting at $65,000. It’s one step toward increasing real estate values in a neighborhood Marilyn Johnson said hasn’t seen for-sale signs in years. Austin Black II, owner and broker of the real estate brokerage City Living Detroit, said he thinks the house will have a significant impact on stabilizing values and properties in the neighborhood. He gave an example of a house he put on the market in Fitzgerald — another neighborhood depressed since the Great Recession. “I listed the home, and we saw a pretty vast increase, not only in the values in the neighborhood, but also we saw people that already lived in the neighborhood starting to fix up their homes,” he said. Kresge Foundation Detroit Program officer Bryan Hogle said the foundation believes LifeBuilders will have a similar effect on the community. In April, Kresge Innovative Projects: Detroit awarded $75,000 to LifeBuilders for home renovations. The foundation also gave a $150,000 grant to the nonprofit last year to revitalize Bringer-Boulder Park. LifeBuilders represents two of 39 projects Kresge’s Detroit Program has funded the last three years. Hogle himself has volunteered for cleanup projects and witnessed the Johnsons’ passion. “I’m really excited about the opportunity for them to turn a place where there was a lot of crime and negativity activity going on that was a burden on the neighborhood, into a place that will be a center for community,” he said. Down the road, the Johnsons hope to expand their work west toward Gratiot and reach a 98 percent home occupancy rate in Regent Park. Regent Park isn’t Midtown, Marilyn Johnson stressed. And they don’t want it to be. “We don’t have wonderful restaurants, we don’t have wonderful stores, we don’t have sports complexes. We’re just neighbors coming together,” she said. “It’s a beautiful thing to see people from all walks ... working together, living together and liking each other. That’s wonderful gentrification. We didn’t plan that. It just happened.” ssteinberg@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2156 Twitter: @Steph_Steinberg How to donate, volunteer Visit lifebuildersdetroit.com or text “give” to (313) 924-1510. 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2pPUDIt TOP VIDEOS LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37 Dog owner talks about maulings 1:30 Lyft driver shot at after kicking out passengers 2:17 St. Charles Residence to bring new condos to Islandview neighborhood 1:21 Raw video: Shuttered Detroit animal center demolished 1:37 Century Partners invest in Detroit 3:46 Bus driver shot after ejecting DDOT bus passenger 0:12 Surveillance footage of Walgreens break-in 0:10 Surveillance video of Huron Room break-in suspects 0:09 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (PMBC) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Paypal Holdings (PYPL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08 Princeton Alpha Management LP Purchases Shares of 11,283 NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Tygh Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Acquires New Stake in NetEase Inc (NTES) Aqua America Inc (WTR) Position Maintained by Loudon Investment Management LLC Nextera Energy Partners (NEP) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) Shares Sold by Princeton Alpha Management LP West Family Investments Inc. Has $2,242,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Princeton Alpha Management LP Has $508,000 Position in Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) 500,000 Shares in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Acquired by Gabalex Capital Management LLC Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng Inc (ASX) Stake Boosted by Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Karpas Strategies LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Novocure (NVCR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.19 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Shares Sold by Tygh Capital Management Inc. Tygh Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Middleby Corp (MIDD) Taminco Corp (TAM) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Davis R M Inc. Cuts Position in Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) HPM Partners LLC Takes Position in Kyocera Corp (KYO) Novocure (NVCR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) has trended somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. AlphaOne, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Novocure earned a media sentiment score of 0.14 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news articles about the medical equipment provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news articles that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s scoring: -$0.21 EPS Expected for Novocure Ltd (NVCR) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) Novocure™ Announces Opening of Two Pilot Trials to Evaluate the Use of TTFields for Pediatric Gliomas (finance.yahoo.com) Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Sells $90,000.00 in Stock (americanbankingnews.com) ETFs with exposure to Novocure Ltd. : May 1, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Several research firms have recently issued reports on NVCR. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Novocure from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of Novocure from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Monday. JMP Securities reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Friday, April 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $16.43. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 4.42% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $11.80. 585,986 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $1.04 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $9.96 and a 200-day moving average price of $8.19. Novocure has a 1-year low of $5.95 and a 1-year high of $14.30. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $34.88 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $39.46 million. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. Analysts predict that Novocure will post ($0.90) EPS for the current year. In other news, Director Gert L. Perlhagen purchased 125,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were bought at an average price of $6.93 per share, with a total value of $866,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 6,125,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $42,446,250. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CTO Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.72, for a total transaction of $42,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief technology officer now directly owns 143,825 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,541,804. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 76,000 shares of company stock worth $838,640. Insiders own 33.90% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Novocure (NVCR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/novocure-nvcr-receiving-somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-report-finds.html. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 per cent US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 per cent U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. By: Reuters | Published: May 6, 2017 7:39 AM U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. (Reuters) U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April’s job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year’s monthly average of 185,000.There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment.”These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting,” said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank’s contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely “transitory,” and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a “moderate” pace.The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would “strengthen somewhat further.” It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed’s June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group’s FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France’s presidential election on Sunday. You May Also Like To Watch This: WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation.Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: “Great jobs report today – It is all beginning to work!” In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March.But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages.”While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages,” said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007.The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy’s Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations.Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. No Comments. Don't Miss Lalu-Mafia tape: RJD chief allegedly took orders from Mohammad Shahabuddin, says report Sonia Gandhi's alliance against BJP: Can Sharad Pawar, Mulayam Singh match PM Modi's popularity? Lalu-Mafia tape: From Venkaiah Naidu to Sheila Dikshit, here's how political leaders reacted Reliance Jio offers: Telecom tariff wars to continue, says Jefferies Bajaj V12 Disc variant launched, priced at Rs 68,400 AP SSC Results 2017 Class 10: Declaration in Andhra Pradesh on May 6, visit bseap.org.in, for latest updates Delhi gas leakage: Over 100 students from Rani Jhansi Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya hospitalised Nirbhaya Gangrape Case: Supreme Court lauds Delhi Police for using modern, scientific methods in probe Naveen Patnaik effects massive reshuffle in BJD to counter BJP's surge, changes 22 district unit heads RBI tightens JLF rules, directs banks not to break any norms, threatens to impose penalties Business Gallery China’s C919 by COMAC to take on Airbus A320 & Boeing 737: Here is all you want to know about the jet Swachh Survekshan Awards: From Indore to Tirupati, check out India’s 10 cleanest cities Dust storm chokes Beijing and northern China: Here’s how the area looks like India’s first ‘Pod hotel’ comes up in suburban Andheri; check out the one-of-its-kind features Tejas Express: Inside Indian Railways’ luxury train that will take you from Mumbai to Goa at 130 kmph! Technology Gallery From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 From fitness band, bluetooth device to smartphones, here are top 8 noteworthy gadgets Chinese passenger jet C919 prepares for maiden flight US deploys deadly THAAD anti-missile system in South Korea: Here is how it looks like Hindi News अर्नब गोस्वामी के चैनल का पहला स्टिंग: लालू यादव से कह रहा डॉन शाहबुद्दीन - आपका SP खत्म है राष्ट्रपति चुनाव में एनडीए को हराने के लिए अब तटस्थ पार्टियों को अपने पाले में करना चाह रहा विपक्ष तुगलकाबाद गैस लीक: 110 छात्रों की हालत बिगड़ी, हॉस्पिटल में भर्ती Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact StoneCastle Financial Corp (BANX) Stock Price Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.23 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact GasLog (GLOG) Stock Price Regis (RGS) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.11 Entegris (ENTG) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Graco (GGG) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Terex Co. (TEX) Insider Acquires $12,513.28 in Stock California Resources Corp (CRC) Bonds Trading 2.8% Higher Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Alterra Power Corp (AXY) to Release Earnings on Monday American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Restaurant Brands International Inc (QSR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share -$0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Connecture Inc (CNXR) This Quarter Hortonworks’ (HDP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton Global Payments’ (GPN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Noodles & Co (NDLS) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.23 May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) has trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Lloyds Banking Group PLC earned a news impact score of 0.23 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news coverage about the financial services provider an impact score of 88 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news articles that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Lloyds Banking Group plc- (LYG) Financial Higher Risky Stocks Are More Profitable: ING Groep N.V.’s (ING) – Wallstreet Investorplace (wallstreetinvestorplace.com) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s FY2018 Earnings (LYG) (footballhebdo.com) Stocks Under Consideration: Lloyds Banking Group PLC (ADR) (NYSE:LYG), Discovery Communications Inc … – Wall Street Times (press release) (wallstreetnews24.com) ETFs with exposure to Lloyds Banking Group Plc : May 3, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Lloyds Banking Group plc’s (LYG) noted a price change of -0.27% and Corning Incorporated’s (GLW) closes with a … – Stocks Gallery (stocksgallery.com) LYG has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $3.50. Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) remained flat at $3.73 on Friday. 9,322,577 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $65.84 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.08 and a beta of 1.17. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12 month low of $2.47 and a 12 month high of $4.42. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $3.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.23. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be paid a $0.0837 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. This is a boost from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.05. Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s dividend payout ratio is currently 130.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lyg-receives-media-impact-score-of-0-23.html. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting Business Standard U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  May 6, 2017 Last Updated at 05:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVetYr ALSO READ Rising inflation, tightening job market support more rate hikes U.S. jobless rate falls to nine-year low, payrolls rise U.S. jobless rate falls to 9-year low, payrolls rise U.S. payrolls rise solidly; jobless rate falls to 9-year low U.S. job growth slows, but wages rebound strongly By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 <.SPX> ending at a record high close. The dollar <.DXY> fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Economy | Interest Rate | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 <.SPX> ending at a record high close. The dollar <.DXY> fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 <.SPX> ending at a record high close. The dollar <.DXY> fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Modern Medicine Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer Remix: Newell Brands is up against a big problem Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: Newell Brands is up against a big problem    7 Hours Ago | 01:09 With the market seeing a split between people who feel that the economy is sluggish due to weakness in commodities and retail and those who take the jobs number as a sign of things picking up, Jim Cramer looked into a retail play in his game plan that's facing a problem: Newell Brands. "My charitable trust, which you can follow if you belong to [the] actionalertsplus.com club, has been trimming back a little Newell for a simple reason: the best places to buy Newell's goods have seen reduced traffic," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer explained that no matter how good the consumer goods giant's products are, if they sell to Target, for instance, they are still victim to the brick-and-mortar slowdown happening in the traditional retail space. That said, Cramer is looking forward to the company's earnings call and hopes to hear positive rhetoric about its international business and its recent merger with Jarden. "It could be a reset quarter for Newell, but then again, if there's enough innovation, it might transcend the declining sales venues. Is it too early to find out if Jarden's really helping, with its pastiche of brands for everything from outdoors to home appliances to class rings, or did Newell pay too much given declining store traffic? We'll certainly know soon enough," Cramer said. Entertainment giant Disney reports after Tuesday's closing bell, and despite Wall Street's recent bearishness on the viability of its ESPN business, Cramer is not changing his bullish outlook on the stock. "Disney's a buy given its fabulous movie schedule and robust theme parks. I think [CEO Bob] Iger's conscious of ESPN's positioning and will be able to spin it in a positive and believable way," Cramer said. Cramer believes Snap's stock has been ticking up on solid ad numbers, and is curious about what Wednesday's earnings report, Snap's first as a public company, will bring. "Snap's setting itself up as a trade into the numbers if it stays right here or goes a little bit lower, but that could be a hard task because it seems to be climbing. The competitive business at Instagram is smoking. Let's see if there's room for both," Cramer said. Cramer is embracing the view of JPMorgan retail analyst Matthew Boss that retail hit a trough in February, which makes the "Mad Money" host more optimistic for the Thursday earnings reports from retailers Macy's and Kohl's. The "Mad Money" host bets that JC Penney's earnings report could show some improvement, but worries Thursday's reports from Macy's and Kohl's could steal the spotlight — and some upside. Carlos Barria | Reuters President Donald Trump (C) listens to House Speaker Paul Ryan (L) as he gathers with Congressional Republicans in the Rose Garden of the White House after the House of Representatives approved the American Healthcare Act, to repeal major parts of Obamacare and replace it with the Republican healthcare plan, in Washington, U.S., May 4, 2017. After U.S. Steel reported an awful quarter last week and its stock dropped from $31 to $22, Cramer decided to vet the steel producers cohort to see whether the weakness was widespread. "Not all steelmakers are created equal. Some are a lot more equal than others," he said. "When you look at the major American steel players — and there, you've got to think AK Steel, Nucor, Steel Dynamics, and the troubled U.S. Steel — what you see is a wide range of companies with very different characteristics." Having heard quarterly reports from all of these major players, it became clear to Cramer that steel, a commodity, was not at the center of U.S. Steel's underperformance. "In other words, Nucor and Steel Dynamics seem to be in pretty good shape. They're both up slightly for 2017, while U.S. Steel and AK Steel have been put through the meat grinder, down 35 and 43 percent, respectively," Cramer said. In light of Cinco de Mayo, Cramer went off the tape and interviewed Avion Tequila President Jenna Fangan for her take on business. Fangan touted her company's new initiatives to draw millennials to their products such as introducing new flavored drinks at better price points. But the president also shared the most unique thing about her business, which may sound downright unnatural to the average businessperson. "I think one of the things that we're really proud of, and it sounds so strange from a business perspective, is we're inefficient. We're the most inefficient tequila producer," Fangan told Cramer on Friday. "It's how you make art and it's how you make great tequila. So it's this hand-crafted small batch, and that's what people love because they get this incredible flavor, but at the same time, the accountants hate it," Fangan said. Lacy O’ Toole | CNBC (left); Scott Mlyn | CNBC Warren Buffett selling a third of his stake in IBM had Wall Streeters reeling over whether to buy or sell their shares of the tech giant, and Jim Cramer had one thing to say to those investors. "Let me ask you a question first. Did you buy IBM because the Oracle of Omaha owned it? If so, sure, leave the building and don't let the door hit you on the way out because you should be ashamed," the "Mad Money" host said. "If you bought it because of him, you never knew what you owned anyway so you might as well be a lemming and blow the darned thing out." While Cramer understood Buffett's disappointment, he argued that Buffett stepping back will give the company more freedom to explore takeover options and forge a path to new investments coming in. "The current course isn't working when it comes to the stock or the flag planted in cognitive and analytics," Cramer said, and suggested an unusual buy for the technology player. In Cramer's lightning round, he sped through his take on some caller favorite stocks, including: Arconic, Inc: "Look, the current team kicked out [former CEO] Klaus Kleinfeld. The team that's with Elliott [Management] has got a real shake-em-up attitude. I'm going with Elliott's guys, right there. My charitable trust is going with them." Team: "I know it, and I'm going to not bless it. Not right here, right now, with oil teetering. We've got to wait, because there's so many high quality oil companies that are teetering with it. We don't need to go down the food chain." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NWL --- SNAP --- AKS --- DIS --- ARNC --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franks International NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franks International NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Franks International NV Expected to Earn FY2020 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share (FI) FY2020 Earnings Forecast for Ferro Co. Issued By Gabelli (FOE) Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) FY2020 EPS Estimates for Armstrong Flooring Inc (AFI) Increased by Gabelli GWG Holdings (GWGH) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Golden Star Resources (GSS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.38 Live Ventures (LIVE) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds LendingClub Corp (LC) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Lumentum Holdings (LITE) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (HNW) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.37 Green Bancorp (GNBC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Stake Reduced by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $10,822,000 Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 918 Shares of KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Insider Charles A. Pearce Sells 4,000 Shares Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Acquires 3,330 Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 37,146 Shares of Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) VP Sells $636,542.15 in Stock Insider Selling: World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Director Sells 13,000 Shares of Stock BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Position Increased by First Trust Advisors LP Franks International NV Expected to Earn FY2020 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share (FI) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Franks International NV (NYSE:FI) – Equities research analysts at Jefferies Group decreased their FY2020 EPS estimates for Franks International NV in a research report issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst B. Handler now expects that the pipeline company will earn $0.40 per share for the year, down from their prior estimate of $0.50. Jefferies Group currently has a “Hold” rating and a $10.50 target price on the stock. Franks International NV (NYSE:FI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The pipeline company reported ($0.12) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.12). The business had revenue of $110.73 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $107.79 million. Franks International NV had a negative return on equity of 1.79% and a negative net margin of 10.60%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 27.9% compared to the same quarter last year. WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/franks-international-nv-expected-to-earn-fy2020-earnings-of-0-40-per-share-fi.html. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on FI. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Franks International NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Scotiabank set a $14.00 price objective on Franks International NV and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Guggenheim downgraded Franks International NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Tudor Pickering started coverage on Franks International NV in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $12.77. Shares of Franks International NV (NYSE:FI) traded up 1.75% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $8.70. The stock had a trading volume of 1,444,311 shares. The stock’s market cap is $1.94 billion. Franks International NV has a one year low of $8.36 and a one year high of $16.82. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $9.74 and a 200-day moving average of $11.48. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of FI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Franks International NV by 15.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 667,691 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $8,679,000 after buying an additional 89,926 shares in the last quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Franks International NV by 11.9% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 655,625 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $8,523,000 after buying an additional 69,861 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Franks International NV during the fourth quarter worth $5,008,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Franks International NV by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 479,530 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $5,903,000 after buying an additional 14,721 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Franks International NV by 18.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 6,134,782 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $75,519,000 after buying an additional 938,144 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 20.98% of the company’s stock. In other Franks International NV news, major shareholder Gregory Stanton Mosing bought 10,000 shares of Franks International NV stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were bought at an average price of $9.67 per share, for a total transaction of $96,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $483,500. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Keith Mosing Family Par Donald sold 248,000 shares of Franks International NV stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.16, for a total value of $3,015,680.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,252,720 shares in the company, valued at approximately $124,673,075.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders acquired 50,000 shares of company stock worth $494,100 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 77.40% of the company’s stock. About Franks International NV Frank’s International N.V. (FINV) is a provider of engineered tubular services, tubular fabrication and specialty well construction and well intervention solutions to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates through four business segments: International Services, U. S. Services, Tubular Sales and Blackhawk. Receive News & Ratings for Franks International NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franks International NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 percent Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 percent Advertisement Business US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 percent U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. 06 May 2017 08:00AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WASHINGTON: U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. Advertisement Advertisement The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people whowant to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News WRAPUP 5-U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Shares1 Sat, 6 May 2017-05:32am , Reuters U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money 7 PSU bank heads appointed; major rejig at PNB, BOI Money TCS sets up research lab for drones in US Money Land sold to Patanjali: Bombay HC demands answer from Maharashtra government Money Sensex takes 267-pt hit, Nifty stumbles on oil worryline Money AirAsia X to start daily Mumbai-Bali flight from May 19 Money Offshore India funds, ETFs see $2 billion inflows in Jan-Mar Live Cricket Score Sunrisers Hyderabad vs Rising Pune Supergiant Sat, 6 May 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Asian stocks fall for 3rd day as cracks in commodities widen DNA Money Edit: End of Indian IT engineer’s US dream? US hails Infosys 10,000 jobs announcement as a victory for Trump's H-1B visa policy Video WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! View all Tags Donald Trump Abercrombie & Fitch CME Group France New York Ohio Federal Reserve U. S. Treasuries CME Group FedWatch Columbus J. C. Penney Co Inc Labor Department Macy Inc Nationwide Insurance Obama S&P SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Border tension reduces as Pakistan-Afghanistan call ceasefire All sand quarries in TN to be closed in three years Texas police officer faces murder charge in teen's death Five U.S. Marines disciplined so far in nude photo scandal: report Indian-origin couple gunned down in US in revenge attack Sport Kipchoge narrowly misses two-hour marathon attetmpt Athletics-Kipchoge runs quickest marathon in just over two hours SHOWCASE-Soccer-Arsenal v Manchester United Fans' View Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, May 6 Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Entertainment 'Kingsman 3' already planned: director Matthew Vaughn 'Casino Royale' star Daliah Lavi passes away at 74 Majid Majidi wraps up shoot of Ishaan Khabar starrer 'Beyond The Clouds' ?Casino Royale? star Daliah Lavi passes away at 74 Baahubali 2: Here's how much Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Sathyaraj, Ramya Krishnan charged for the film! Money 'Legislative change needed in wage structure to prevent H-1B Rating agencies far from India's ground realities: Das Emotive connect with Infosys to remain forever: Gopalakrishnan Rules on no-fly list vague, should specify ban period: experts WRAPUP 5-U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Garmin Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $1.24 Earnings Per Share Expected for CME Group Inc (CME) This Quarter Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Given New $50.00 Price Target at Bank of America Corp Brokers Set Expectations for WPX Energy Inc’s FY2019 Earnings (WPX) Facebook Inc (FB) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Facebook’s (FB) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at William Blair Paulson & Co. Inc. Sells 10,250,000 Shares of Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Stock Hugh W. Jones Sells 102,998 Shares of Sabre Corp (SABR) Stock Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Director Sells $172,250,000.00 in Stock IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Price Target Lowered to $73.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Points International Ltd (PCOM) Price Target Raised to $15.00 at Royal Bank of Canada J D Wetherspoon plc’s (JDW) Reduce Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Open Text Corp (OTEX) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Trinity Mirror plc (TNI) Receives “Buy” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 2,400 Shares of Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Reduces Stake in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $18.556 Million Position in Unum Group (UNM) Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Given New $50.00 Price Target at Bank of America Corp May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) had its target price upped by Bank of America Corp from $47.00 to $50.00 in a report released on Thursday morning. Bank of America Corp currently has an underperform rating on the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Garmin from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a market perform rating on shares of Garmin in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Tigress Financial started coverage on shares of Garmin in a report on Tuesday. They set a buy rating for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Garmin from a sell rating to a neutral rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $48.00 to $52.00 in a report on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Garmin from a neutral rating to an underweight rating and decreased their price objective for the company from $55.00 to $50.00 in a report on Thursday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $49.38. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) traded up 2.08% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $52.49. 1,574,300 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $9.90 billion, a PE ratio of 19.44 and a beta of 0.86. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $50.71 and its 200 day moving average is $50.24. Garmin has a 52-week low of $39.24 and a 52-week high of $56.19. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.07. Garmin had a net margin of 17.24% and a return on equity of 16.15%. The firm had revenue of $638.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $629.11 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 2.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Garmin will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/garmin-ltd-grmn-given-new-50-00-price-target-at-bank-of-america-corp.html. In other news, VP Andrew R. Etkind sold 6,524 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.57, for a total value of $356,014.68. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 18.30% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Acrospire Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the third quarter worth about $115,000. James Investment Research Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the first quarter worth about $144,000. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the third quarter worth about $143,000. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. boosted its stake in shares of Garmin by 11.4% in the first quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 3,162 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 323 shares during the period. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the fourth quarter worth about $201,000. 37.39% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Garmin Company Profile Garmin Ltd. (Garmin) and subsidiaries offer global positioning system (GPS) navigation and wireless devices and applications. The Company operates through five segments. It offers a range of auto navigation products, as well as a range of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market. It offers products to consumers around the world, including Outdoor Handhelds, Wearable Devices, Golf Devices, and Dog Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Garmin Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Education Who are the Penn State students facing manslaughter charges? Updated: May 5, 2017 — 7:35 PM EDT Facebook icon 69Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Students charged with manslaughter in Penn State frat death May 5 - 6:19 PM I tweeted a photo of the Trump rally crowd — and then things got crazy May 5 - 10:01 PM Shopping Cart icon Buy Photo DAVID SWANSON / Staff Photographer Brendon Young, Jr., president of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity chapter at Penn State University, leaves Centre County Court with attorney Frank Fina. Young is one of 18 charged in the death of Penn State student Timothy Piazza. by David Gambacorta, William Bender, Alfred Lubrano & Jeff Gammage - Staff Writers Close icon David Gambacorta Staff Writer Mail icon dgambacorta@philly.com Twitter icon @dgambacorta Phone icon 215-854-5994 Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @wbender99 Phone icon 215-854-5255 William Bender Staff Writer William Bender is an enterprise reporter. He has covered everything from South Philly mobsters to doomsday hucksters. He also writes Clout, a weekly Daily News column chronicling the underbelly of Philly's political scene. More by William Bender Who are the Penn State students facing manslaughter charges? May 5 N. Philly resident: We helped cops nab 2 after dozens of anarchists hit area May 2 Under scrutiny, Parking Authority executives' comp time eliminated Apr 21 More from William Bender Arrow icon Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @AlfredLubrano Phone icon 215-854-4969 Alfred Lubrano Staff Writer Alfred Lubrano works for the enterprise team. Previously, he wrote about  poverty, and before that, he was a feature writer and columnist. More by Alfred Lubrano Who are the Penn State students facing manslaughter charges? May 5 Doctors writing fruit and vegetable prescriptions to battle hunger May 4 For some kids, the end of school brings the beginning of hunger May 1 Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @JeffGammage Phone icon 215-854-4906 Jeff Gammage Staff Writer Jeff Gammage, a staff writer, was part of the five-reporter team that won the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for public service. He’s the author of China Ghosts: My Daughter's Journey to America, My Passage to Fatherhood, and has written about adoption for publications including the New York Times. He is a 1982 graduate of James Madison University, and a recipient of the school’s Ronald E. Carrier Distinguished Alumni Achievement Award.  More by Jeff Gammage Who are the Penn State students facing manslaughter charges? May 5 Philly journalism institute gets millions in new donations May 2 Does Philly deserve next year's draft? 'Heck yeah,' fans say Apr 29 More from Jeff Gammage Arrow icon Some are from as far away as California, barely removed from being baby-faced high schoolers, while others are local products who thought they were getting ready to go off and conquer the world. Slideshow Who are the Penn State students facing manslaughter charges? Advertisment of Gallery: Facebook icon Twitter icon Pinterest Mail icon But the eight Pennsylvania State University students are all in the same boat now, lost in what will likely be harsh, uncertain waters for months -- if not years -- to come. Beta Theta Pi fraternity members Brendan Young, Daniel Casey, Gary DiBileo, Luke Visser, Nick Kubera, Jonah Neuman, Joe Sala, and Michael Bonatucci were all charged with involuntary manslaughter on Friday as Centre County District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller announced the findings of a grand jury investigation into the Feb. 3 death of 19-year-old fraternity pledge Tim Piazza. They're facing an assortment of other charges, including felony aggravated assault, tampering with evidence, and hazing. Ten other members of the fraternity, which was disbanded in the wake of the controversy surrounding Piazza's death, face lesser charges. According to authorities, the fraternity brothers waited too long to seek medical treatment for Piazza, who suffered multiple falls after consuming a lethal amount of alcohol, and then seemed primarily concerned with their potential culpability after realizing the seriousness of his injuries. But a closer look at the lives of the eight students offers few hints of the selfishness and stupidity that is depicted in the grand jury report. Young, the president of Beta Theta Pi chapter and a Malvern resident, describes himself on LinkedIn as a junior who is majoring in enterprise risk management and finance. According to the account, he is going to be a summer intern at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in an operations analyst development program, and briefly served as a member of a Navy ROTC program in State College. On Twitter, his biographical information is limited to one line: "It pays to be a winner." Reached by phone on Friday, Young's mother declined to comment.  Casey, the fraternity's pledge master, is from Ronkonkoma, a hamlet on Long Island. He graduated from Connetquot High School in 2015. His family didn't respond to a voice message, and his Facebook account -- which featured a sweeping photo from inside the iconic Beaver Stadium -- was deleted hours after the criminal charges were filed. DiBileo is the namesake son of a prominent Penn State graduate, Lackawanna County Controller Gary DiBileo Sr., a successful Scranton businessman for nearly 30 years. The grand jury presentment showed Young once hassled DiBileo through a series of text messages, after DiBileo threatened to drop out as a fraternity pledge in September 2016. “Bad idea,” Young wrote. “Talk to me in the morning. ... Alcohol creates blurry lines.” DiBileo Sr. could not be reached for comment. Visser, of Encinitas, Calif., describes himself on Facebook as a 2016 graduate of La Costa Canyon High School and a valet at Park Hyatt Aviara Resort. His account features a photograph of a young, blond man -- presumably Visser -- with his arms around the waists of two women who appear to be cheerleaders for the University of California, Los Angeles. A comment beneath the photo reads: “Visser is a ... stud.” Kubera graduated from high school in Downingtown last year. In December, he posted an Instagram photo from Beta Theta Pi with 29 young men and the caption “29 degenerates.” Facebook photos from last year show Kubera standing on a roof deck with the Philadelphia skyline behind him. His family declined to comment Friday. Neuman, a Nashville native, graduated in 2015 from Battle Ground Academy, a private college prep school. He is an intramural wrestler at Penn State, and was a medalist in a state wrestling championship while in high school in 2014. Sala, reached by phone in his Erie home, said he had no comment, citing the "ongoing investigation." Relatives of Bonatucci's, a native of Woodstock, Ga., could not be reached for comment.   Read more by David Gambacorta More Coverage Security footage details Penn State fraternity pledge's final hours in fatal hazing ritual May 5 - 8:21 PM Students charged with manslaughter in Penn State frat death May 5 - 6:19 PM Penn State suspends another fraternity Apr 20 - 1:39 PM PSU braces for results in frat death investigation May 4 - 6:49 PM Charges likely in Penn State frat death, prosecutors say May 1 - 4:19 PM As grand jury probes PSU pledge death, history shows hazing prosecutions difficult to pursue Apr 21 - 5:08 PM Published: May 5, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT | Updated: May 5, 2017 — 7:35 PM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in news Eagles Eagles see Nate Gerry as a linebacker now JONATHAN TAMARI I tweeted a photo of the Trump rally crowd — and then things got crazy Phillies Phils drop fourth straight, fall to Nationals, 4-2 $1.45 million Soros investment in Philly DA's race draws heat for Krasner Penn State kicker again undergoing treatment for eating disorder Philadelphia Orchestra aces Bernstein's Jeremiah Symphony N. Philly handyman guilty of murder in brutal slaying of E. Mount Airy woman, 85 Best Main Street in U.S.? Haddonfield and Maple Shade battle for title A new blue replaces Crayola Crayon's dismissed dandelion Atlantic City is having an 'epic' bluefish surge Cheltenham teachers: Pleas for help with unruly students ignored Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apptio Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apptio Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Stock Price Up 7.3% on Earnings Beat Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 Analysts Set Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Price Target at $37.92 Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Trading 7.7% Higher Following Strong Earnings Apptio Inc (APTI) Trading Up 6.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Fidus Investment Corp (FDUS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.39 Instructure Inc (INST) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Radius Health (RDUS) Earns News Impact Score of 0.41 Genetic Technologies Limited (GENE) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.42 American Woodmark Co. (AMWD) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Calavo Growers, Inc. (CVGW) Shares Sold by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Increases Position in James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Provident Financial Services, Inc. (PFS) Stake Raised by Capital One National Association Chase Investment Counsel Corp Holds Position in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) 361 Capital LLC Has $6.952 Million Stake in Ingredion Inc (INGR) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) 361 Capital LLC Acquires New Position in FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Lowers Position in United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Acquires 2,553 Shares of Lear Co. (LEA) Apptio Inc (APTI) Trading Up 6.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Apptio Inc (NASDAQ:APTI) shares rose 6.5% during mid-day trading on Friday following a stronger than expected earnings report. The company traded as high as $13.90 and last traded at $13.86, with a volume of 689,281 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $13.01. The technology company reported ($0.08) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.12) by $0.04. The firm earned $43.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $42.46 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.31) earnings per share. APTI has been the topic of several analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 target price on shares of Apptio in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $19.00 target price on shares of Apptio in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Apptio from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $16.00 to $18.00 in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $22.00 target price (down from $24.00) on shares of Apptio in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Apptio currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $23.00. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 10.8% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 63,283 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $742,000 after buying an additional 6,144 shares during the period. Pax World Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 38.0% in the first quarter. Pax World Management LLC now owns 658,270 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $7,722,000 after buying an additional 181,098 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 109.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 27,302 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $320,000 after buying an additional 14,261 shares during the period. Whetstone Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Apptio during the first quarter worth $6,506,000. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 322.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 11,004 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 8,400 shares during the period. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $12.11 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.79. The firm’s market capitalization is $532.00 million. WARNING: “Apptio Inc (APTI) Trading Up 6.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/apptio-inc-apti-trading-up-6-5-following-better-than-expected-earnings.html. About Apptio Apptio, Inc is a provider of technology business management (TBM) solutions. The Company’s cloud-based platform and software as a service (SaaS) applications enable information technology (IT) leaders to analyze, optimize and plan technology investments, and benchmark the financial and operational performance against peers. Receive News & Ratings for Apptio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apptio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Varex Imaging Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Varex Imaging Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NEWT) Raises Dividend to $0.40 Per Share Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Insider Buying: Oak Valley Bancorp (OVLY) Director Purchases $42,969.20 in Stock Insider Buying: Unigold Inc. (UGD) Insider Buys C$37,500.00 in Stock Thomas A. Wagner Sells 5,441 Shares of Broadwind Energy Inc. (BWEN) Stock Crestwood Equity Partners LP (CEQP) Given Hold Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Tableau Software’s (DATA) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Wunderlich Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given a $14.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Citigroup Inc (C) Receives Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Upgraded to “Overweight” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. LendingClub Corp’s (LC) Market Perform Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.18 Systemax (SYX) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Position Boosted by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Regions Financial Corp (RF) Receives $13.75 Average Target Price from Brokerages NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Stake Cut by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 1,923 Shares of Toyota Motor Corp (TM) William Blair Weighs in on Pacific Biosciences of California’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PACB) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Sells 12,644 Shares of Wipro Limited (WIT) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $827,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Varex Imaging Corp (NASDAQ:VREX) announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday. The company reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.01. The company earned $154.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $157.40 million. Varex Imaging Corp (NASDAQ:VREX) traded up 1.95% during trading on Friday, reaching $33.90. The company had a trading volume of 771,526 shares. Varex Imaging Corp has a one year low of $25.00 and a one year high of $36.58. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $33.07 and its 200 day moving average is $32.02. The company has a market capitalization of $1.27 billion and a PE ratio of 19.35. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Varex Imaging Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $30.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Friday, April 21st. In other Varex Imaging Corp news, SVP Mark S. Jonaitis sold 18,089 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.54, for a total transaction of $606,705.06. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/varex-imaging-corp-vrex-announces-quarterly-earnings-results.html. About Varex Imaging Corp Varex Imaging Corporation is a supplier of medical X-ray tubes and image processing solutions. The Company’s segments include Medical and Industrial. The X-ray imaging system manufacturers use the Company’s components for medical imaging, cargo screening and border security, to detect, diagnose and protect. Receive News & Ratings for Varex Imaging Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Varex Imaging Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boyd Gaming Co. Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share (BYD) Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given Buy Rating at Shore Capital Provident Financial plc (PFG) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Sunrise Resources Plc (SRES) Receives Corporate Rating from Northland Securities Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Given “Hold” Rating at Needham & Company LLC Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Given Market Perform Rating at FBR & Co Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Michael Alan Daniels Purchases 7,300 Shares of BlackBerry Ltd (BB) Stock Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by Janney Montgomery Scott to “Neutral” Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (TU) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Position in Hess Corp. (HES) State Treasurer State of Michigan Acquires 300 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) State Treasurer State of Michigan Increases Position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Position Cut by ING Groep NV Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Position Cut by ING Groep NV ING Groep NV Takes Position in Sempra Energy (SRE) Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given Buy Rating at Shore Capital May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital restated their buy rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) in a research report released on Thursday. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on LRE. Canaccord Genuity increased their price target on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 600 ($7.75) to GBX 630 ($8.13) and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Macquarie increased their price target on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 489 ($6.31) to GBX 530 ($6.84) and gave the company an underperform rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an underweight rating and issued a GBX 595 ($7.68) price target on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited to a hold rating and increased their price target for the company from GBX 720 ($9.30) to GBX 735 ($9.49) in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 630 ($8.13) price target on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. Lancashire Holdings Limited currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 665.18 ($8.59). Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) traded down 4.43% during trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 669.84. 977,533 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1339.19 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 682.86 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 687.15. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a 52-week low of GBX 467.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 775.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/lancashire-holdings-limited-lre-given-buy-rating-at-shore-capital.html. In related news, insider Elaine Whelan sold 4,723 shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 690 ($8.91), for a total transaction of £32,588.70 ($42,077.08). Also, insider Alex Maloney sold 59,539 shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 672 ($8.68), for a total transaction of £400,102.08 ($516,594.03). About Lancashire Holdings Limited Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Severn Trent Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Severn Trent Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Stake Increased by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Tyers Asset Management LLC Reduces Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Tyers Asset Management LLC Acquires 13,596 Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Position Held by Grimes & Company Inc. Brokerages Anticipate Equity Residential (EQR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.77 Per Share Severn Trent Plc (SVT) Receives GBX 2,260 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Rightmove Plc (RMV) Receives GBX 4,277.25 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Target Price at $233.54 Boyd Gaming Co. Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share (BYD) Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given Buy Rating at Shore Capital Provident Financial plc (PFG) Receives Hold Rating from Liberum Capital Sunrise Resources Plc (SRES) Receives Corporate Rating from Northland Securities Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Given “Hold” Rating at Needham & Company LLC Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Given Market Perform Rating at FBR & Co Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Michael Alan Daniels Purchases 7,300 Shares of BlackBerry Ltd (BB) Stock Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by Janney Montgomery Scott to “Neutral” Severn Trent Plc (SVT) Receives GBX 2,260 Consensus Price Target from Analysts May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Severn Trent Plc (LON:SVT) has earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the ten brokerages that are covering the stock. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 2,276.67 ($29.40). A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 2,190 ($28.28) price objective on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 2,300 ($29.70) price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research note on Friday. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc from GBX 2,300 ($29.70) to GBX 2,400 ($30.99) and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research note on Thursday. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 2,570 ($33.18) price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Shares of Severn Trent Plc (LON:SVT) traded up 0.76% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 2373.00. 528,709 shares of the company traded hands. Severn Trent Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 2,047.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 2,526.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5598.47 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 2,379.40 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 2,280.46. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Severn Trent Plc (SVT) Receives GBX 2,260 Consensus Price Target from Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/severn-trent-plc-svt-receives-gbx-2260-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. About Severn Trent Plc Severn Trent Plc treats and provides water and removes wastewater in the United Kingdom and internationally. The Company provides clean water and wastewater services through its businesses, Severn Trent Water and Severn Trent Business Services. It operates through two segments: Regulated Water and Waste Water, and Business Services. Receive News & Ratings for Severn Trent Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Severn Trent Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Alan Daniels Purchases 7,300 Shares of BlackBerry Ltd (BB) Stock Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by Janney Montgomery Scott to “Neutral” Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (TU) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Position in Hess Corp. (HES) State Treasurer State of Michigan Acquires 300 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) State Treasurer State of Michigan Increases Position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Position Cut by ING Groep NV Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Position Cut by ING Groep NV ING Groep NV Takes Position in Sempra Energy (SRE) ING Groep NV Sells 41,814 Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) ING Groep NV Acquires 6,632 Shares of PG&E Co. (PCG) ING Groep NV Takes Position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) APG Asset Management N.V. Reduces Stake in Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) L Brands Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share (LB) Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for QTS Realty Trust Inc Increased by Analyst (QTS) Analysts Anticipate Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) to Post $1.07 EPS Black Hills Corp (BKH) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS TRC Companies, Inc. (TRR) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Avon Products (AVP) Share Price Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by Janney Montgomery Scott to “Neutral” May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Janney Montgomery Scott cut shares of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (NYSE:SRC) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Thursday morning. Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on SRC. Zacks Investment Research cut Spirit Realty Capital from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. FBR & Co assumed coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued an outperform rating and a $13.00 price objective on the stock. TheStreet cut Spirit Realty Capital from a b- rating to a c+ rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services reiterated a buy rating on shares of Spirit Realty Capital in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Spirit Realty Capital from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $13.00 to $9.00 in a report on Thursday. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $12.64. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) traded up 11.92% during trading on Thursday, hitting $7.51. The stock had a trading volume of 65,712,427 shares. The company has a market cap of $3.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 36.46 and a beta of 0.52. Spirit Realty Capital has a 52-week low of $6.64 and a 52-week high of $13.97. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.03 and its 200-day moving average price is $10.70. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.20 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.02. Spirit Realty Capital had a net margin of 16.77% and a return on equity of 3.17%. The business earned $163.19 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $169.84 million. Analysts predict that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by Janney Montgomery Scott to “Neutral”” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/spirit-realty-capital-inc-src-downgraded-by-janney-montgomery-scott-to-neutral.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 9.59%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Spirit Realty Capital’s dividend payout ratio is currently 288.00%. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Harvest Fund Management Co. Ltd bought a new position in shares of Spirit Realty Capital during the fourth quarter valued at $103,000. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC bought a new position in shares of Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter valued at $109,000. Paragon Capital Management Ltd bought a new position in shares of Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter valued at $154,000. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC boosted its position in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 8.8% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 12,376 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 1,003 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Lincoln National Corp boosted its position in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 1.2% in the first quarter. Lincoln National Corp now owns 18,027 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $183,000 after buying an additional 218 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.54% of the company’s stock. About Spirit Realty Capital Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Brazil's BR Malls plans $536 mln offering, source says Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri May 5, 2017 | 5:18pm EDT Brazil's BR Malls plans $536 mln offering, source says By Tatiana Bautzer | SAO PAULO SAO PAULO May 5 BR Malls Participações, Brazil's largest mall operator, has hired banks to sell 1.7 billion reais ($536 million) worth of new shares in an offering as early as next week, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said on Friday. Rio de Janeiro-based BR Malls has hired the investment-banking units of Banco Bradesco SA, Itaú Unibanco Holding SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Banco Santander Brasil SA and Morgan Stanley & Co to underwrite the so-called restricted-efforts offering, which is limited to qualified investors, said the person. BR Malls declined to comment. The banks did not have an immediate comment on the primary offering in which all proceeds from the transaction go to the company's coffers. The person asked to remain anonymous, because the transaction remains private. The move comes as several mall companies raise cash to buy cash-strapped rivals or undertake new projects as domestic borrowing costs approach single-digits levels. Commercial real estate firms benefit from lower interest rates, which make their projects and investments more profitable over time. More than 10 billion reais have been raised through stock sales in Brazil this year, making this the best start for domestic equity offerings for any year since 2013. Government efforts to rebalance fiscal accounts are drawing money back into Brazil, even though the country is struggling with a recession that is entering a third year. Public offerings with restricted efforts differ from standard equity offerings in that a company does not have to request registration of the plan with securities industry watchdog CVM. Only qualified investors can participate in such offerings, and the deals cannot be marketed through road shows or the media. Common shares rose 5.6 percent to 12.67 reais on Friday, extending this year's gains to 22 percent. The financial news service of O Estado de S. Paulo newspaper reported the news earlier in the day. ($1 = 3.1740 reais) (Reporting by Tatiana Bautzer; Additional reporting by Alberto Alerigi Jr and Paula Arend Laier in São Paulo; Editing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News DIARY-Emerging Markets Economic Events to July 19 This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events ----------------------------------------------------------- DIARY-Top Economic Events to July 7 Political and general news ----------------------------------------------------------- This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events ----------------------------------------------------------- BRIEF-Ironside Resources Inc announces management change * Ironside Resources Inc - Greg Downey will not be continuing in his position as chief financial officer of company MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance QTS Realty Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for QTS Realty Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for QTS Realty Trust Inc Increased by Analyst (QTS) Analysts Anticipate Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) to Post $1.07 EPS Black Hills Corp (BKH) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS TRC Companies, Inc. (TRR) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Avon Products (AVP) Share Price Quanta Services (PWR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, (BWP) Stock Price Genpact Limited (G) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Russel Metals Inc (RUS) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Edwards Lifesciences Corp Lifted by SunTrust Banks (EW) Safeguard Scientifics, Inc (SFE) to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of ($1.12) Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts APG Asset Management N.V. Cuts Stake in Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Maintains Position in Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Has $424,000 Stake in Allegion PLC (ALLE) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Stake Maintained by Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Has $1,356,000 Stake in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Has $871,000 Position in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Boosts Position in Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Position Maintained by American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for QTS Realty Trust Inc Increased by Analyst (QTS) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet QTS Realty Trust Inc (NYSE:QTS) – Investment analysts at SunTrust Banks boosted their Q1 2018 EPS estimates for QTS Realty Trust in a report issued on Tuesday. SunTrust Banks analyst G. Miller now expects that the real estate investment trust will earn $0.69 per share for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $0.68. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for QTS Realty Trust’s Q2 2018 earnings at $0.74 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.78 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.82 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.04 EPS. A number of other equities analysts have also issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised QTS Realty Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered QTS Realty Trust from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $58.00 to $56.00 in a report on Wednesday. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $59.00 price objective on shares of QTS Realty Trust in a report on Tuesday. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of QTS Realty Trust in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group started coverage on QTS Realty Trust in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $58.00 price objective on the stock. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $57.58. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for QTS Realty Trust Inc Increased by Analyst (QTS)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/q1-2018-eps-estimates-for-qts-realty-trust-inc-increased-by-analyst-qts.html. Shares of QTS Realty Trust (NYSE:QTS) traded up 0.58% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $50.04. The stock had a trading volume of 398,973 shares. QTS Realty Trust has a 52-week low of $43.01 and a 52-week high of $59.41. The firm has a market cap of $2.39 billion, a PE ratio of 109.50 and a beta of 0.45. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $50.14 and a 200 day moving average price of $49.42. QTS Realty Trust (NYSE:QTS) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.64 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.61 by $0.03. QTS Realty Trust had a return on equity of 2.53% and a net margin of 5.47%. The firm had revenue of $106 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.36 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 11.8% compared to the same quarter last year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th were issued a $0.39 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 14th. This is an increase from QTS Realty Trust’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.36. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.12%. QTS Realty Trust’s payout ratio is 320.00%. In other QTS Realty Trust news, Director Stephen E. Westhead sold 1,600 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.74, for a total value of $79,584.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,641 shares in the company, valued at approximately $181,103.34. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 17.30% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Karp Capital Management Corp acquired a new position in shares of QTS Realty Trust during the first quarter valued at $241,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of QTS Realty Trust by 6.9% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 187,653 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $9,148,000 after buying an additional 12,094 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its position in shares of QTS Realty Trust by 5.6% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 2,946 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 157 shares during the period. American Assets Capital Advisers increased its position in shares of QTS Realty Trust by 6.8% in the first quarter. American Assets Capital Advisers now owns 156,317 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $7,562,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares during the period. Finally, New Mexico Educational Retirement Board increased its position in shares of QTS Realty Trust by 113.0% in the first quarter. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board now owns 4,900 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $239,000 after buying an additional 2,600 shares during the period. QTS Realty Trust Company Profile QTS Realty Trust, Inc (QTS) is a provider of secure, compliant data center solutions, hybrid cloud and fully managed services. The Company owns, develops and operates carrier-neutral and multi-tenant data centers. Its data centers are facilities that house the network and computer equipment of multiple customers and provide access to a range of communications carriers. Receive News & Ratings for QTS Realty Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QTS Realty Trust Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Douglas Emmett Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages $194.22 Million in Sales Expected for Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) This Quarter DCP Midstream LP (DCP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $387.24 Million $99.07 Million in Sales Expected for Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) This Quarter Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) Given a $90.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Given a $60.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald Store Capital Corp (STOR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wunderlich Zillow Group’s (ZG) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Director Stephen L. Johnson Sells 3,327 Shares Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Director Buys $499,107.50 in Stock Webster Financial Co. (WBS) Director John Joseph Crawford Sells 5,063 Shares Insider Selling: Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Insider Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock Harriet Munrett Wolfe Sells 3,540 Shares of Webster Financial Co. (WBS) Stock Safeway (SWY) Earns News Impact Score of 0.47 T. Rowe Price Group (TROW) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.47 Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Has $15.689 Million Position in Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Total SA (TOT) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag $194.22 Million in Sales Expected for Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) This Quarter May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts forecast that Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) will post $194.22 million in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Five analysts have provided estimates for Douglas Emmett’s earnings. The highest sales estimate is $200.1 million and the lowest is $174.58 million. Douglas Emmett posted sales of $187.22 million in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 3.7%. The company is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, August 1st. On average, analysts expect that Douglas Emmett will report full-year sales of $194.22 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $693.29 million to $806.96 million. For the next year, analysts expect that the company will post sales of $815.52 million per share, with estimates ranging from $730.14 million to $852.4 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are an average based on a survey of analysts that follow Douglas Emmett. Douglas Emmett (NYSE:DEI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.47. Douglas Emmett had a return on equity of 3.03% and a net margin of 11.50%. The business had revenue of $170.35 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $191.93 million. Several analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Douglas Emmett from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Douglas Emmett from $35.00 to $36.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $40.00 price target (up previously from $39.00) on shares of Douglas Emmett in a research report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on shares of Douglas Emmett from $38.00 to $40.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of Douglas Emmett in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.54. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “$194.22 Million in Sales Expected for Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) This Quarter” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/194-22-million-in-sales-expected-for-douglas-emmett-inc-dei-this-quarter.html. In other news, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 29,595 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.87, for a total transaction of $1,150,357.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.19, for a total transaction of $3,919,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 375,051 shares of company stock worth $14,597,960 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 23.00% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 306,878 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $11,241,000 after buying an additional 2,600 shares during the period. Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 40.2% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 153,400 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5,608,000 after buying an additional 44,000 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new position in Douglas Emmett during the fourth quarter worth about $34,773,000. Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 0.5% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,982,966 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $72,636,000 after buying an additional 9,661 shares during the period. Finally, Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Douglas Emmett by 1.3% in the third quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 89,410 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,275,000 after buying an additional 1,150 shares during the period. 99.06% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Douglas Emmett (NYSE:DEI) traded up 0.84% on Friday, hitting $38.47. The stock had a trading volume of 547,335 shares. Douglas Emmett has a 12-month low of $31.95 and a 12-month high of $40.79. The company has a market capitalization of $5.89 billion, a PE ratio of 69.44 and a beta of 0.76. The company has a 50 day moving average of $38.54 and a 200 day moving average of $37.62. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st were given a dividend of $0.23 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.39%. Douglas Emmett’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 164.29%. About Douglas Emmett Douglas Emmett, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is owner and operator of office and multifamily properties located in submarkets in Los Angeles and Honolulu. The Company operates through two segments: the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office real estate (Office Segment), and the acquisition, development, ownership and management of multifamily real estate (Multifamily Segment). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Douglas Emmett (DEI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Submitted posted: 5/5/2017 3:31 PM Harper HOPE Giving Circle panel explores lack of women in leadership Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Melissa Bean, chairman of the Midwest for JPMorgan Chase and former U.S. congresswoman, and Ken Ender, Harper College president, talk during a recent HOPE Giving Circle event put on by the Harper College Educational Foundation. Courtesy of Harper College From left, Tracey Roberts, Tricia Conway, Melissa Bean and Karen Lambert discuss their experiences as women in senior leadership during a recent HOPE Giving Circle event put on by the Harper College Educational Foundation. Courtesy of Harper College   Submitted by Harper College Since the early 1980s, women have steadily advanced, earning half of college degrees and entering more fields previously dominated by men. Despite these gains, the percentage of women at the top of corporate America has barely budged over the past decade. At S&P 500 companies, women currently hold 6 percent of CEO positions, 20 percent of board seats and 25 percent of senior executive and management positions. In government, 19 percent of Congress is female, while the number of women governors stands at just five. Yet, studies show diversity at the top positively correlates with better organizational performance. So, why are more women not in senior leadership roles? The Harper College Educational Foundation's HOPE Giving Circle recently held an event, "Women at the Table," to explore the issue. Keynote speaker Karen Lambert, president of Advocate Good Shepherd Hospital in Barrington, joined panelists Melissa Bean, chairman of the Midwest for JPMorgan Chase and former U.S. congresswoman; Tricia Conway, director of external affairs with AT&T in Northeastern Illinois; and Tracey Roberts, chief human resource officer at Weber-Stephen Products. Kenya Ayers, vice president and board chair for the Northwest Educational Council for Student Success, moderated the panel discussion. Lambert, who has overseen the 176-bed hospital and level II trauma center since 2001, reflected on her overwhelmingly positive experience as a woman in health care. Six of the 11 Advocate system hospitals are run by women. However, she acknowledges that while women make up 75 percent of the health care workforce, less than 30 percent of hospital CEOs and board members are women. Of having women at all levels of an organization, Lambert says, "We know it's the right thing. We know it changes the conversation at the table. There are different opportunities to grow as an organization. We also know it's good for the bottom line." The panelists shared their stories and offered advice to the more than 70 men and women in attendance at Cooper's Hawk Winery and Restaurant in Arlington Heights. Bean discussed how, as a Northern newcomer in Congress, she built alliances with the largely conservative Southern "Blue Dogs." She also emphasized the importance of working behind the scenes. "A lot of times to get your ideas at the table, you do the work before everyone even convenes," she said. "If you think you're going to share your idea at the board meeting, you're already too late." Other pieces of advice included: • Look for mentors within your industry and professional organizations. • Identify and be intentional about developing your leadership brand. • Check in to determine whether you're on a virtuous or vicious cycle. If you're unhappy, not performing at a high level and don't feel empowered, make a change. It's up to you. • Be more focused on the impact you make rather than getting credit. • Keep coming to the table; it takes time. Harper's HOPE Giving Circle brings together influential women with a common goal of supporting women to pursue higher education and reach their potential. The program provides financial support, ongoing mentoring and leadership development for female students who are completing their final year at Harper and continuing on to a four-year college. Tweet This article filed under: Business Harper College Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BNP Paribas SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Has $15.689 Million Position in Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Total SA (TOT) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $2.253 Million Position in USG Co. (USG) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $2.015 Million Position in WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Position Increased by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €175.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at S&P Global BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €72.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Freeport-McMoRan Inc Lowered by FBR & Co (FCX) KeyCorp Comments on HCA Holdings Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (HCA) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Tenet Healthcare Corp Lifted by SunTrust Banks (THC) KeyCorp Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) CryoPort Inc (CYRX) Announces Earnings Results Catchmark Timber Trust Inc (CTT) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Linde AG (LIN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €72.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada set a €72.00 ($78.26) price objective on BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) in a research report released on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of BNP Paribas SA in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €71.06 ($77.24) price target on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of BNP Paribas SA in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €65.00 ($70.65) price target on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Citigroup Inc set a €66.00 ($71.74) price target on BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €65.20 ($70.87). Shares of BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) traded up 2.28% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting €67.88. The company had a trading volume of 7,417,648 shares. BNP Paribas SA has a one year low of €35.27 and a one year high of €68.40. The company’s 50-day moving average is €61.59 and its 200 day moving average is €58.50. The company has a market capitalization of €84.59 billion and a PE ratio of 11.31. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €72.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/bnp-paribas-sa-bnp-given-a-72-00-price-target-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. About BNP Paribas SA BNP Paribas SA is a France-based company engaged in the financial industry. The Company provides banking and financial services. The Company operates in two divisions: Retail Banking and Services, and Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB). The Retail Banking and Services division includes retail banking networks and specialized financial services in France and abroad. Receive News & Ratings for BNP Paribas SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Has $15.689 Million Position in Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Total SA (TOT) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $2.253 Million Position in USG Co. (USG) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $2.015 Million Position in WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Position Increased by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €175.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at S&P Global BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €72.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Freeport-McMoRan Inc Lowered by FBR & Co (FCX) KeyCorp Comments on HCA Holdings Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (HCA) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Tenet Healthcare Corp Lifted by SunTrust Banks (THC) KeyCorp Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) CryoPort Inc (CYRX) Announces Earnings Results Catchmark Timber Trust Inc (CTT) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Linde AG (LIN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €101.00 ($109.78) target price on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a research note published on Thursday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on BAS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($114.13) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($119.57) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €75.00 ($81.52) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. BNP Paribas set a €92.00 ($100.00) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €102.00 ($110.87) price target on Basf Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. Basf Se presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €90.69 ($98.57). Shares of Basf Se (ETR:BAS) traded up 0.28% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching €90.70. The company had a trading volume of 39,093 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €90.82 and its 200 day moving average price is €86.91. Basf Se has a 52-week low of €63.30 and a 52-week high of €94.15. The company has a market cap of €83.31 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.57. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/basf-se-bas-given-a-101-00-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag-2.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayerische Motoren Werke AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Has $15.689 Million Position in Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Total SA (TOT) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $2.253 Million Position in USG Co. (USG) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $2.015 Million Position in WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Position Increased by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Reduces Position in Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €175.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Basf Se (BAS) Given a €101.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at S&P Global BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €72.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Freeport-McMoRan Inc Lowered by FBR & Co (FCX) KeyCorp Comments on HCA Holdings Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (HCA) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Tenet Healthcare Corp Lifted by SunTrust Banks (THC) KeyCorp Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) CryoPort Inc (CYRX) Announces Earnings Results Catchmark Timber Trust Inc (CTT) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Linde AG (LIN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag set a €90.00 ($97.83) target price on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a €120.00 ($130.43) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Macquarie set a €105.00 ($114.13) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €90.00 ($97.83) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Berenberg Bank set a €83.00 ($90.22) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €81.00 ($88.04) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €90.19 ($98.04). Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) traded up 1.56% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching €89.29. 21,264 shares of the company were exchanged. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has a 52-week low of €63.42 and a 52-week high of €91.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €84.59 and its 200 day moving average price is €84.57. The stock has a market capitalization of €58.67 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/bayerische-motoren-werke-ag-bmw-given-a-90-00-price-target-at-commerzbank-ag.html. About Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is a Germany-based automobile and motorcycle manufacturer. It divides its activities into four segments: Automobiles, Motorcycles, Financial Services and Other Entities. The Automotive segment develops, manufactures, assembles and sells cars and off-road vehicles under the brands BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce as well as spare parts and accessories. Receive News & Ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J Sainsbury plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates “Buy” Rating for XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Blancco Technology Group PLC’s (RGS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Opko Health Inc. (OPK) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Central Asia Metals Ltd (CAML) Price Target Increased to GBX 290 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Zillow Group, Inc. (Z) Yoram Palti Sells 8,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock National Instruments Corp (NATI) Director Sells $86,075.00 in Stock Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Has $3.834 Million Stake in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $229,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC OLD National Bancorp IN Invests $467,000 in Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Heartland Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) 600,000 Shares in USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) Acquired by Heartland Advisors Inc. Heartland Advisors Inc. Acquires 50,500 Shares of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Blue Fin Capital Inc. Maintains Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) Harris Co. (HRS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $958,000 Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ford Motor Company (F) to Announce $0.44 EPS $0.35 EPS Expected for State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) This Quarter J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) in a research report report published on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG currently has a GBX 300 ($3.87) price target on the grocer’s stock. SBRY has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.36) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.58) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. AlphaValue reaffirmed an add rating and set a GBX 295 ($3.81) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a GBX 255 ($3.29) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a sell rating and set a GBX 205 ($2.65) price objective on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. J Sainsbury plc presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 256 ($3.31). Shares of J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) traded up 2.16% on Thursday, reaching GBX 265.00. 13,380,355 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 265.57 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 255.61. J Sainsbury plc has a 52 week low of GBX 211.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 282.30. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5.18 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/j-sainsbury-plc-sbry-given-hold-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a GBX 6.60 ($0.09) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.36%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a boost from J Sainsbury plc’s previous dividend of $3.60. In other J Sainsbury plc news, insider Michael Andrew Coupe sold 86,095 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 259 ($3.34), for a total value of £222,986.05 ($287,909.68). In the last 90 days, insiders acquired 129 shares of company stock valued at $34,268. J Sainsbury plc Company Profile J Sainsbury plc is engaged in grocery-related retailing and retail banking. The Company’s segments include Retailing; Financial services, and Property investments. The Retailing segment is engaged in the operation of supermarkets and convenience. The Financial services segment includes the operations of Sainsbury’s Bank plc (Sainsbury’s Bank). Receive News & Ratings for J Sainsbury plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Temporary layoffs show a summer of uncertainty is ahead for automakers CNBC Phil LeBeau 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Berkshire profit falls as investment gains tumble Dole said to target $400 million in third IPO © Provided by CNBC Ford announced production cuts in Ohio, and some suspect there will be more ahead throughout the summer at other auto plants around the country. Quotes in the article Ford Motor Co F ▲ 11.14 +0.14 +1.27% General Motors Co GM ▲ 33.77 +0.62 +1.87% Ford (F) said it is laying off 130 workers and cutting production of its medium-duty pickup trucks in Avon Lake, Ohio. The move comes as the automaker sees slower demand for its F-650 and F-750 pickup trucks. Sales of those models this year are down more than 10 percent, but Ford expects that this is a reflection of many customers waiting to buy a new pickup when the 2018 trucks go on sale later this year. "We expect the majority of these temporary layoffs will be voluntary and that the workers will return in the fall when we begin to build the new model year vehicles," said Kelli Felker, a Ford spokeswoman. Across the industry, inventory levels are rising, now standing at 75 days, according to JPMorgan. While some of that growth is due to some manufacturers like General Motors (GM) building pickup inventory ahead of a model changeover later this year, the industry overall is confronting a new reality: The pace of sales is slowing. "We've seen a bit of softening of sales," said Michelle Krebs, an analyst with AutoTrader. "Trimming production is the responsible, disciplined reaction that automakers should take." That will not be reassuring to thousands of autoworkers who could find themselves out of work for several weeks this summer. The two weeks around Fourth of July is when the Big Three have historically shut down plants for a summer break. When sales were surging in recent years, those shutdowns were shorter or didn't happen at all. This year, expect some of them to last longer. "This is the less painful way for automakers to cut inventories ... to extend summer shutdowns," said Krebs. "Otherwise, the automakers repeat the same mistakes of the past. They know what an ugly move it is when they continue to let inventories grow." Krebs expects the plants producing cars will likely feel the brunt of the production cuts since car sales are down more than 10 percent this year. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Volkswagen looks to halt losses in Americas, Russia by 2020 CNBC Cramer Remix: This stock at home in your wallet could be ready to rally CNBC Cramer: You have to be on drugs to understand Tesla's business CNBC CNBC View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Mother’s Day Gift Guide: Find the perfect gift Design a unique Xbox controller (save $10) Pre-order the new Surface Laptop now! Hurry! Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Follow @triplepundit 48.1k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit 3p Weekend: Your Guide to Personal Fossil Fuel Divestment by Mary Mazzoni on Friday, May 5th, 2017 Finance Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) With a busy week behind you and the weekend within reach, there’s no shame in taking things a bit easy on Friday afternoon. With this in mind, every Friday TriplePundit will give you a fun, easy read on a topic you care about. So, take a break from those endless email threads, and spend five minutes catching up on the latest trends in sustainability and business. Global Divestment Mobilization week kicked off today and will run through May 13. And activists are calling on individuals and families to take a second look at their investments and how they support fossil fuels. In advance of the occasion, Green Century Capital Management, in collaboration with Trillium Asset Management and 350.org, released a personal guide to divestment and reinvestment — targeted at individuals, not big businesses or pension funds. “Given the current political and regulatory environment, we are seeing more investors looking for ways get off the sidelines and use their investments to help make a positive impact,” said Leslie Samuelrich, president of Green Century Capital Management. “We can’t stand by waiting for our governments to do the right thing. Divesting sends one clear message globally: It is time to end the age of fossil fuels because that’s what it really means to solve the climate crisis,” added Bill McKibben, founder of 350.org. Want to shed fossils just in time for divestment week? Read on for the need-to-know. Your bank and credit cards Despite being nearly a decade removed from the Great Recession, big banks can’t seem to stay out of the press for the wrong reasons. Wells Fargo landed on hit lists for its fake accounts scandal and its reported backing of high-profile fossil fuel projects. Likewise, divestment calls quickly swarmed around the 35 banks funding the embattled Dakota Access Pipeline. And last year a group of NGOs, including BankTrack and the Sierra Club, railed against big banks for pouring hundreds of billions into the most “extreme” fossil fuel projects, such as tar sands, offshore drilling and coal mining. Some of the world’s most popular banks — JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley and BNP Paribas — were cited as the worst offenders. While it’s easy to overlook it, big banks are getting all of this investment money from one place — their customers. Yes, the money banks ‘borrow’ from our checking and savings accounts are usually used to make loans, not investments. But the fees collected from accounts and credit cards line the coffers of these banks’ investment funds. Of course, not all of it is invested in fossils — but a good chunk ends up there, even if banks are simply seeking a ‘diversified’ portfolio. According to the divestment report from 350.org and partners, 8 cents of every dollar spent in the S&P 500 goes toward the world’s largest fossil fuel companies. So, what can you do about it? You have a few options: Credit unions: Credit unions offer competitive interest rates and fees, and they spend their money locally — not on national or international fossil fuel projects. For help finding a credit union that suits your needs, check out MyCreditUnion.gov. Community development banks: These are more common in big cities. But if you can find one, you should think about it. Much like credit unions, community development banks spend money locally. And they take it one step further by intentionally investing in projects that serve low-income people. A simple Google search will help you find one near you, or you can check out this list from the Community Development Bankers Association. Explore other options at Green America’s BreakUpWithYourMegaBank.org. Your investment accounts and 401(K) If you’re saving for retirement, remember that your money will be busy long before you use it for that sweet senior living spot in Boca Raton. Many mutual funds invest in energy, materials or utility companies on 350.org’s list of the top 200 fossil fuel reserve owners. 350.org and partners suggested a few simple ways to clean up your personal investments in their latest report. First, you can find out what’s in your current mutual fund by checking out its latest annual report. If you decide you’re not happy with the results, you have a few options at your disposal. The report outlines ways to assess potential funds side-by-side, and how to track down a socially responsible investing advisor that suits your needs. It’ll also help you start that awkward conversation with your human resources rep about moving your company’s 401(K) into a cleaner fund. If you’re just looking for a few names, click here to see the mutual funds and investment managers compiled by 350.org and here to see suggestions from Green America. Your electricity and transportation Not everyone can slap solar on their roof or go buy an electric car. As prices for these technologies continue to fall, this is beginning to change. But in the meantime, if you can’t afford a new car or a flashy solar array, there are still a few ways you can clean up your personal energy and transportation use. Yes, the mainstays like turning off lights and appliances, taking public transportation, and carpooling still hold true. But you can go a bit further. Some utilities give customers the option to buy renewable energy from a shared facility. Contact your local utility or check out their website for your options. If nothing else, utilities often partner with carbon offset providers to let you offset your home energy use by investing in carbon-reduction projects. Not sure if offsets are right for you? Check out this guide from the Natural Resources Defense Council. Image credit: Pixabay Finance Recent headlines from the 394 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: Your Guide to Personal Fossil Fuel Divestment Trump’s Tax Plan Could Be a Boon to Small Business, But Will Congress Pass It? $4.5 Trillion in Global Assets Still Exposed to Climate Change Risks Based in Philadelphia, Mary Mazzoni is the senior editor of TriplePundit. She is also a freelance journalist with a passion for storytelling and sustainability. Her work has appeared in the Philadelphia Daily News, Earth911, the Huffington Post, Sustainable Brands and the Daily Meal. Mary is a lifelong vegetarian with an interest in climate resilience, clean tech and social justice. You can contact her at mary@triplepundit.com. Follow Mary Mazzoni @mary_mazzoni Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 06, 2:47 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe NationalPolitical Capital Wall Street Money Behind New Bill To Repeal Dodd-Frank Act Reforms By Lydia O'Neal @LydsONeal On 05/05/17 AT 2:25 PM Close The Financial CHOICE Act, a bill to roll back the finance industry regulations and monitoring implemented by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, passed in the House Financial Services Committee Thursday — with significant monetary support from Wall Street.  The 34 committee members, all Republican, who voted in favor of the bill, received nearly 80 percent more 2016 election funding from commercial banks and holding companies than the 26 who voted against it, all Democrats, the nonpartisan research organization MapLight found. More specifically, the group noted, the CHOICE Act’s yea-voters received, on average, $72,191 from those finance firms, compared to nay-voters’ average of $40,437. In addition to bankrolling the campaigns of the lawmakers involved, financial industry firms and trade associations collectively spent millions on lobbying efforts related at least in part to the CHOICE Act in the first quarter of 2017, according to the House lobbying database. Among those dozens of lobbying groups and companies were the insurance giant American International Group Inc., which spent $390,000; Bank of America Corp., which spent $680,000; the investment firm BlackRock Capital Management Inc., which also spent $680,000; Credit Suisse’s American arm, which spent $280,000; JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, which spent $710,000; the insurance holding corporation MetLife Group Inc., which spent $840,000, and Goldman Sachs Group Inc., which spent $710,000. The bill, which committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R- Tex.) introduced April 26 as “an alternative to the failed Dodd-Frank Act,” eliminates a litany of measures that were meant to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. Hensarling’s bill would eliminate Dodd-Frank’s so-called “Volcker Rule,” named for the economist and former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, which forces insured depository banks to separate their proprietary trading from consumer banking activities, essentially keeping them from acting like — and working with — hedge funds and private equity firms. The rule already had plenty of loopholes, and many argued it was far from effective, but banks considered its compliance costly and pushed repeatedly for a delay in its full implementation. The CHOICE Act would limit the ability of investors to put forward proposals for shareholder votes on issues such as firms’ environmental impact, lobbying activities, campaign finance, equal pay and other issues — unless they own 1 percent of the company’s shares, equal to, in the case of Apple Inc., about $7.8 billion as of this week. It would also dilute the authority of a regulatory body, known as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and spearheaded by Sen. Elizabeth Warren (R-Mass.), which provided billions of dollars in financial relief to 27 million Americans, by keeping it from prohibiting arbitration and banning bank products and practices it finds abusive. In an attempt to draw back on the designation of “too big to fail,” the CHOICE Act would take away the authority of another regulatory body created to oversee non-bank financial institutions, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, to classify those institutions as important to the integrity of the financial system. While they’re not banks, financial institutions like AIG and Prudential Financial — and, previously, MetLife and GE Capital — which the agency determined have the capacity to trigger a financial collapse in the event of their insolvency, came under extensive supervision by this authority. The goal of the boost in oversight was to avoid a bailout similar to the one that saved AIG in 2008.National More Political Capital Does Money Buy Votes? Here's What Researchers Discovered By Josh Keefe A new study quantified the effect of cash on Capitol Hill. “It is sort of grimly humorous or might make you want to throw up, depending on how you look at it,” said the research team leader. How Oil And Gas Industry Power Shapes Colorado Politics By David Sirota and Josh Keefe While the state is investigating a deadly explosion at a home that was just a few hundred feet from an aging oil well, Democratic lawmakers struggle to advance any bill opposed by the oil and gas industry. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business New McDonald's Menu Credited For Higher Sales On Latest Earnings Report After having its five-quarter streak of higher U.S. comparable-store sales snapped last time out, McDonald's was back again this time around with higher year-over-year numbers. Technology What Will Humans Look Like 10,000 Years From Now? All life on earth is constantly evolving: The process doesn't stop. World NASA Receives Proposals For Next New Frontiers Mission The 12 proposals will now undergo scientific and technical review over the next seven months. National Gunfight Ensues After Double Homicide In South Boston A possible suspect who was involved in a gun fight with the law enforcement authorities and was injured in the process is now in the hospital. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance P H Glatfelter Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for P H Glatfelter Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TRACON Pharmaceuticals (TCON) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.03 Somewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Impact Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Share Price TELUS (TU) Earns News Impact Rating of -0.04 Colliers International Group Inc (CIGI) Rating Lowered to C+ at TheStreet 51job, Inc. (JOBS) Reaches New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings Enbridge Inc (ENB) Raises Dividend to $0.44 Per Share Public Storage (PSA) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results TheStreet Upgrades P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) to B- Snc-Lavalin Group (SNC) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Global Payments Inc (GPN) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Jernigan Capital Inc (JCAP) Issues Earnings Results Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet J M Smucker (SJM) Given Daily News Impact Rating of -0.02 Exelon Co. (EXC) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets MicroStrategy Incorporated (MSTR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Mobileye NV (MBLY) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $120.98 Million Eros International plc (EROS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $60.1 Million Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 15,343 Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Cabot Corp (CBT) Raised by Analyst TheStreet Upgrades P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) to B- May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet P H Glatfelter Co (NYSE:GLT) was upgraded by stock analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of P H Glatfelter from a “strong sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. P H Glatfelter currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.33. Shares of P H Glatfelter (NYSE:GLT) traded up 3.43% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $19.02. 277,760 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $21.10 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.41. P H Glatfelter has a one year low of $17.50 and a one year high of $25.59. The stock has a market capitalization of $828.47 million, a PE ratio of 38.82 and a beta of 1.33. P H Glatfelter (NYSE:GLT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $0.39 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. P H Glatfelter had a net margin of 1.34% and a return on equity of 8.85%. The business earned $390.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $400.65 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.37 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that P H Glatfelter will post $1.40 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 3rd will be issued a $0.13 dividend. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.83%. P H Glatfelter’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 104.17%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/thestreet-upgrades-p-h-glatfelter-co-glt-to-b.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of P H Glatfelter by 45.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 127,582 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $2,766,000 after buying an additional 39,775 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of P H Glatfelter by 1.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 206,936 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $4,486,000 after buying an additional 2,618 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of P H Glatfelter by 4.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 12,767 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $278,000 after buying an additional 508 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of P H Glatfelter by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,096,504 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $67,132,000 after buying an additional 268,159 shares during the period. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in shares of P H Glatfelter by 3.5% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 86,281 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $1,871,000 after buying an additional 2,880 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.10% of the company’s stock. About P H Glatfelter P. H. Glatfelter Company is a manufacturer of specialty papers and fiber-based engineered materials. The Company operates through three business units: Composite Fibers, Advanced Airlaid Materials and Specialty Papers. Its Composite Fibers business unit is engaged in the sale of single-serve tea and coffee filtration papers, non-woven wallcovering materials, metallized papers, composite laminates papers, and various technically special papers, including substrates for electrical applications. Receive News & Ratings for P H Glatfelter Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for P H Glatfelter Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clorox Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Expectations for Clorox Co’s FY2017 Earnings (CLX) Gabelli Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Clorox Co (CLX) Lowered by Jefferies Group Marcus Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 (MCS) Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Raises Dividend to $0.70 Per Share Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 Ally Financial Inc (ALLY) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $97.684 Million Stake in Watsco Inc (WSO) National Bank Financial Reiterates C$4.25 Price Target for Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Scotiabank Lowers Horizon North Logistics Inc. (HNL) Price Target to C$2.00 Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Upgraded at Barclays PLC Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) PT Lowered to C$8.00 Scotiabank Cuts Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO) Price Target to C$39.00 Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Acquires Shares of 19,093 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Gregory Bryan Marshall Sells 11,765 Shares of Entegris Inc (ENTG) Stock Susan L. Bostrom Sells 3,589 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stock Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Insider Selling: GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Sells $295,028.58 in Stock Analysts Set Expectations for Clorox Co’s FY2017 Earnings (CLX) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX) – Equities research analysts at KeyCorp boosted their FY2017 EPS estimates for Clorox in a report issued on Wednesday. KeyCorp analyst J. Gere now forecasts that the company will post earnings of $5.32 per share for the year, up from their previous forecast of $5.31. KeyCorp also issued estimates for Clorox’s Q4 2017 earnings at $1.50 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $1.30 EPS and Q4 2018 earnings at $1.63 EPS. CLX has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Clorox from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Clorox in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $136.00 price objective on the stock. Vetr raised shares of Clorox from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $139.67 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Clorox from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $115.00 to $111.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada set a $115.00 price objective on shares of Clorox and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $128.97. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/analysts-set-expectations-for-clorox-cos-fy2017-earnings-clx.html. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) traded up 0.23% on Friday, reaching $132.67. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 305,953 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $135.10 and its 200 day moving average price is $125.51. Clorox has a 12 month low of $111.24 and a 12 month high of $140.47. The company has a market cap of $17.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.61 and a beta of 0.32. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $1.31 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.48 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. Clorox had a return on equity of 239.42% and a net margin of 11.15%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.21 earnings per share. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Destination Wealth Management boosted its position in shares of Clorox by 14.6% in the third quarter. Destination Wealth Management now owns 20,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,609,000 after buying an additional 2,653 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in shares of Clorox by 20.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 1,255,578 shares of the company’s stock valued at $157,174,000 after buying an additional 212,103 shares during the last quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN boosted its position in shares of Clorox by 0.3% in the third quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN now owns 20,876 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,613,000 after buying an additional 67 shares during the last quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Clorox by 6.6% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 231,172 shares of the company’s stock valued at $28,938,000 after buying an additional 14,385 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Clorox by 1,915.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 273,277 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,822,000 after buying an additional 259,719 shares during the last quarter. 70.14% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Wednesday, April 19th will be given a $0.80 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 17th. This represents a $3.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.42%. Clorox’s payout ratio is 64.13%. About Clorox The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/5/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/5/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in May Here are two stocks from Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio that look like good buys right now. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) May 5, 2017 at 1:23PM Many of the stocks held in Warren Buffett-led Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) portfolio are at or near all-time highs, and to be perfectly honest, some are looking a bit too expensive. However, there are still some bargains to be found in the Oracle of Omaha's stock portfolio, and here are two examples that are worth a look in May. Company Symbol Recent Share Price Apple AAPL $146.47 Goldman Sachs GS $226.64 Share prices current as of 5/4/17. Solid growth and a massive hoard of cash In a relatively short time, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has become one of Berkshire's largest stock holdings, and it's not difficult to see why Warren Buffett likes it so much. The company has some pretty strong competitive advantages that should protect its market share for years to come, including its brand name and fiercely loyal customer base. Image source: The Motley Fool. For the most recent quarter, Apple beat earnings estimates and grew its revenue by 5% year-over-year. Service revenue (sources like Apple Music, AppleCare, and Apple Pay) was a particularly encouraging part of the earnings report, up 18% year-over-year. Another reason to take a look at Apple is that the company could be well-positioned to capitalize on a potential repatriation tax holiday. Apple revealed that its cash hoard has grown to a staggering $256.8 billion, and with Republicans proposing a one-time repatriation tax holiday with a 10% rate. This could save Apple about $64 billion as compared with the current corporate tax rates, and could finally incentivize Apple to bring home its cash and put some of it to work. Even with its dominant market position and the projection that as many as 300 million iPhones could be set to upgrade later this year, the stock still trades for just 16.4 times this year's expected earnings. This may not sound like a tremendous bargain, but consider that excluding the monster cash hoard, the company's P/E drops to just 10.9. Buy the dip in the smartest guys on Wall Street Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) is a "buy the dip" situation, with the stock down about 10% over the past two months and a disappointing earnings report. For the first quarter, the company posted a rare earnings miss, which was especially troubling to many investors because most other banks' results were quite strong. For example, Bank of America met or beat expectations on most metrics. Trading revenue was a major weak spot for Goldman, with equities trading revenue falling 6% year-over-year and flat bond trading revenue. Rivals JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup both reported strong trading revenue. In fact, JPMorgan beat trading revenue estimates by more than $1 billion and saw 17% year-over-year growth in bond trading, and Citigroup saw its trading revenue rise by 19% and 10% in bonds and equities, respectively. So, it's easy to see why this could be an area of concern for Goldman's investors. To be clear, the first quarter was a disappointment. However, there was some good news that investors need to keep in mind. For one thing, Goldman was number one in announced M&A activity as well as equity and common stock offerings so far in 2017. Also, the bank's revenue rose 27% year-over-year, but expenses grew by just 15%. Investing and lending revenue was the highest it's been in four years, and investment management revenue increased by 12%. Shareholders also got a 15% dividend increase and Goldman authorized an aggressive 50 million share buyback program, which represents about 13% of the total shares outstanding. The bottom line is that it's important not to make the mistake of assuming that one poor quarterly report is an indicator of a longer-term trend. When Warren Buffett first invested in Goldman in 2008, he referred to his investment as a "bet on brains" and called Goldman the best firm on Wall Street. Buffett's original reasons for investing still apply today, so now could be a smart time to add Goldman to your portfolio since the stock has retreated a bit from its highs. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple, Bank of America, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Goldman Sachs. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info May 5, 2017 at 1:23PM Financials Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $250,000.00 up $460.00 (0.18%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $166.55 up $0.21 (0.13%) Goldman Sachs NYSE:GS $226.87 up $0.28 (0.12%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $148.96 up $2.43 (1.66%) Read More Ocwen Tries to Move Forward Despite Further Losses This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Is This the Toughest Question Warren Buffett Can Expect This Weekend? Howard Hughes Corp. Continues to Convert Developments Into a Steady Income Stream Berkshire Hathaway Earnings: A Look Ahead to the Annual Meeting Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 2 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in May @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $GS, $AAPL
Latest News Dow 21,007 +55.47 +0.26% Nasdaq 6,101 +25.42 +0.42% S&P 500 2,399 +9.77 +0.41% 5/05 ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2’ ushers in Disney’s crucial summer season 5/05 Corrected What will be the hot pick from this year’s Sohn hedge-fund conference? 5/05 Updated Retirement-age Americans are failing this financial literacy quiz 5/05 Updated Macron campaign says it was the victim of ‘massive hacking’ 5/05 Updated This city has the most millionaire CEOs (it’s NOT American) 5/05 Updated Things are looking up for the college class of 2017 — but not their high school peers 5/05 Updated This is how Americans would like to die 5/05 Updated This is what American teens want to be when they grow up 5/05 Updated This is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your resume 5/05 Updated Emails of Macron's French presidential campaign leaked: reports 5/05 Here’s the list of 27 national monuments that Trump may eliminate 5/05 Updated Silicon Valley hires most graduates from this college (and it’s NOT an Ivy League school) 5/05 Snap earnings: First report since IPO is major test for Snapchat parent company 5/05 Updated 10-year Treasury note yield posts largest weekly gain in almost 2 months 5/05 Updated This why trying to predict stock-market tops is an exercise in futility 5/05 Updated Goldman says oil prices on the brink of ‘capitulation’ 5/05 Updated One big hurdle for smart-beta funds—a market bereft of cycles 5/05 Here’s the latest reason to trim your hedge fund holdings 5/05 Updated ISIS magazine steers would-be terrorists to gun shows for weapons buying 5/05 Updated This is the world’s most desirable city for millennials Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release San Francisco Fed Forms Twelfth District Community Advisory Council By Published: May 5, 2017 1:15 p.m. ET Share SAN FRANCISCO, May 05, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco has launched the Twelfth District Community Advisory Council, a group composed of leaders of nonprofit and community organizations from throughout the Bank’s district. The Council will provide the San Francisco Fed a diverse, on-the-ground perspective on issues impacting communities throughout the region. The group’s opening meeting will be on May 9. The Council will serve as an important source of information on current and pending developments in the regional and national economy, with a particular emphasis on underserved and lower-income communities. The Council will provide this perspective to the Bank’s president and senior management. The group will meet in person twice each calendar year. Council members are selected by the President of the San Francisco Fed, and are drawn from various groups and organizations within the nine-state 12 [th] District. The initial members will be assigned to three approximately equal groups: initial Group 1 Members will serve for two years, initial Group 2 Members will serve for three years and initial Group 3 Members will serve for four years. Terms end on December 31 even if the member has served for less than a full year; however, any member’s term may be extended at the discretion of the San Francisco Fed President. The inaugural group is chaired by Dean Matsubayashi. Mr. Matsubayashi, whose term ends in 2018, is the executive director of the Little Tokyo Service Center in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Matsubayashi also serves on the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco Advisory Council and the JPMorgan Chase Community Advisory Board, and holds advisory positions in several other professional and civic groups. He graduated from the University of California, Irvine in 1993 and holds a master’s degree in public policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. Other initial members and service-end dates are as follows: Orson Aguilar, president of The Greenlining Institute, Oakland, CA (2020) Terry Benelli, executive director of LISC Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ (2018) Fred Blackwell, president of The San Francisco Foundation, San Francisco, CA (2018) La Shelle Dozier, executive director of the Sacramento Housing and Redevelopment Agency, Sacramento, CA (2020) Paulina Gonzalez, executive director of the California Reinvestment Coalition, San Francisco, CA (2019) Carol Gore, president and CEO of the Cook Inlet Housing Authority, Anchorage, AK (2018) Cherie Jamason, president and CEO of the Food Bank of Northern Nevada, McCarran, NV (2018) Michelle Kahuane, executive director of the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Kapolei, HI (2020) Irma Morin, CEO of the Community Council of Idaho, Caldwell, ID (2019) Tim Paulson, executive director of the San Francisco Labor Council, San Francisco, CA (2019) Jose Quiñonez, CEO of the Mission Asset Fund, San Francisco, CA (2020) Bill Rumpf, president of Mercy Housing Northwest, Seattle, WA (2019) Carl Talton, ex officio chair of United Fund Advisors, Portland, OR (2020) The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, with branch offices in Los Angeles, Seattle, Salt Lake City, and Portland, and a cash processing office in Phoenix, provides wholesale banking services to financial institutions throughout the nine western states. As the nation’s central bank, the Federal Reserve System formulates monetary policy, serves as a bank regulator, administers certain consumer protection laws, and is fiscal agent for the U.S. government. Follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/sffed . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170505005022/en/ SOURCE: Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Kevin Sajdak, 415-977-3631 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular iHeartRadio costs jump in latest quarter, adding to suspicion its days are numbered Goldman says oil prices on the brink of ‘capitulation’ Gold prices suffer 2017’s largest weekly loss This is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your resume '13 Reasons Why': Sending the Wrong Message? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Saturday, May 06, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Presidential Election 2017: Samajwadi Party to support any secular alliance, says Akhilesh Yadav RSS asks Muslims to stop eating beef and adopt cows, BJP backs controversial remark Samajwadi Party splits? Shivpal Yadav to float new party 'Samajwadi Secular Morcha' to be headed by Mulayam Amit Shah's 95-day Vistar Yatra: With eye on Lok Sabha 2019 polls, BJP president plans to expand party base AAP terms CBI raids on Delhi Secretariat politically motivated, attempt to instill fear in party FERA violation case: Court gives nod to VK Sasikala's video conferencing plea Sports Premier League: Chelsea's Antonio Conte says his focus is on trophies, not keeping players happy Premier League: Manchester City's Sergio Aguero, David Silva ruled out of Crystal Palace tie Pullela Gopichand says badminton coaches hold on to players for recognition England vs Ireland, 1st ODI: Eoin Morgan hails Adil Rashid's 'magnificent effort' Indian Football Association tells AIFF it will start new league if ISL, I-League merger fails Aravinda de Silva steps down as chairman of Sri Lankan Cricket Committee India Reported molestations in Bengaluru rose 417%, conviction rate was 0.37% over 10 years Samajwadi Party splits? No one knows for sure until Mulayam chooses between brother and son 2012 Delhi gangrape case verdict: Why celebration over SC ruling is an insult to victim's memory Marathwada droughts: Sinking wells and rising debts have left farmers helpless Gas leak in Delhi sends over 50 students to hospital; Fire-tenders, ambulances rushed to spot Cardamom cradle: Longwa village in Nagaland adopts spice farming to beat drugs, terror World French presidential polls: Macron widens his lead over Le Pen, but a victory is still far away French Presidential Election 2017: Emmanuel Macron's emails leaked, campaign blasts 'massive and coordinated attack' China garbage dump landslide: 45 people, including 17 government officials convicted of negligence Peru prosecutors open probe in case linked to former President Humala | Reuters US plans to gut aid to India but continue with $200mn to Pakistan Former Petrobras executive: Lula knew about massive corruption scheme | Reuters Business Right to Education has done more harm than good; return of exams is just one step towards reform Baba Ramdev's MNC-bhagao plan includes Patanjali fast food chain; watch out KFC, McD Should home buyers safely consider under construction properties in RERA regime? Sensex plunges 267 pts to end below 30,000-mark; global crude oil at 5-month low hurts sentiment Why the new banking ordinance may not be able to solve the NPA rot? Beat Mumbai’s heat, head over to the city’s first Underwater Festival this weekend Life Brozone, tomboy, friendzone: Sifting through hampering 'modern' stereotypes regardless of gender Rich, famous, teflon-coated: The Nanavati case set the bar for the elite to subvert justice Aurangzeb's tyranny and bigotry cannot be whitewashed: A counter-view Audrey Truschke on row over Aurangzeb book: 'I remain committed to dispassionate history' Photojournalist Souvid Datta admits to plagiarising Mary Ellen Mark's work for Sonagachi series Barack Obama proposed to a 'serious' girlfriend before he eventually met Michelle: Book Entertainment Freida Pinto's mini series Guerrilla will be an expose of racist policing in 1970s Britain Sadak 2: Pooja Bhatt, Sanjay Dutt and Mahesh Bhatt to re-team for sequel of cult classic Baahubali 2 box office report: Rajamouli's epic is highest grossing Indian film with 800 cr worldwide Shraddha Kapoor on Saina Nehwal biopic: ‘I can’t wait to learn (badminton) from her’ Diana Penty's next film with John Abraham is based on an action drama based on real life Nine Inch Nails’ ‘Year Zero’: 10 years on, Trent Reznor's fictitious dystopian world seems real Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate hits 4.4 percent | Reuters U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate hits 4.4 percent | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 05 2017 23:15:05 IST #Reuters By Lucia Mutikani | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000.There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment."These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York.The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace.The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year.Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of U.S. Treasuries were mostly flat in early afternoon trading on Friday, while U.S. stocks were mixed. The dollar .DXY fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday.WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. In April, average hourly earnings rose seven cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March.But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter.With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages."While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to a fresh eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months.The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800.Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc (JCP.N), Macy's Inc (M.N) and Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF.N) have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations.Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 05, 2017 11:15 pm | Updated Date: May 05, 2017 11:15 pm Also See U.S. scientists to protest Trump policies at Earth Day rally in Washington | Reuters Thousands turn out for March for Science in U.S. cities | Reuters Hull, Swansea win to lift survival hopes, Boro sink deeper | Reuters March for Science draws big crowds, clever signs across U.S. | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 6 SRH Vs RPS 2 May 6 DD Vs MI 3 May 7 RCB Vs KKR 4 May 7 KXIP Vs GL 5 May 8 SRH Vs MI Full Schedule Top Stories Samajwadi Party splits? No one knows for sure until Mulayam chooses between brother and son Champions Trophy Squad on Monday, Pullout Still On Cards: BCCI Walking with the comrade: Naxalite ideologue Charu Majumdar's secret Delhi visit Marathwada droughts: Sinking wells and rising debts have left farmers helpless Are you a contrarian trader? Here’s what you should understand of put-call ratio Baahubali 2 box office report: Rajamouli's epic is highest grossing Indian film with 800 cr worldwide French presidential polls: Macron widens his lead over Le Pen, but a victory is still far away IPL 2017: Axar Patel, Sandeep Sharma ensure Kings XI Punjab's win over RCB which keeps their season alive Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 19 runs Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs GUJ Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs HYD Delhi Daredevils beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs GUJ Rising Pune Supergiant beat Gujarat Lions by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs BLR Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs KOL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 48 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK West Indies beat Pakistan by 106 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs DEL Kings XI Punjab beat Delhi Daredevils by 10 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs PNE - May 6th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs MUM - May 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 7th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs KOL - May 7th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs GUJ - May 7th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs MUM - May 8th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs KOL - May 9th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - May 10th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs DEL - May 10th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PUN - May 11th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST 1U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate hits 4.4 percent | Reuters 2Oil rout driven by China, inventories and funds | Reuters 3Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting | Reuters 4Berkshire profit falls as investment gains tumble | Reuters 5Old-guard retail back in the cross hairs | Reuters More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Grand Vacations Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Life Storage Inc (LSI) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Ingredion Inc (INGR) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Vermilion Energy (VET) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.36 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (VRX) Stock Price FY2017 EPS Estimates for Kadant Inc. (KAI) Lifted by Seaport Global Securities Vantiv (VNTV) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows FY2017 EPS Estimates for CGI Group Inc (GIB) Reduced by Analyst Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Raised to “Neutral” at Janney Montgomery Scott Sierra Bancorp (BSRR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Trims BroadSoft Inc (BSFT) Target Price to $51.00 ATN International Inc (ATNI) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $129,000 Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) Earns “Outperform” Rating from FBR & Co B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Position Increased by North Star Investment Management Corp. North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $1.54 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $723,000 Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (NYSE:HGV) issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Wednesday morning. The company provided EPS guidance of $1.72-1.88 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $1.96. Shares of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (NYSE:HGV) traded up 0.75% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $36.14. The stock had a trading volume of 671,210 shares. Hilton Grand Vacations Inc has a one year low of $24.60 and a one year high of $37.21. The firm has a market cap of $3.58 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.30. The company has a 50-day moving average of $30.90 and a 200 day moving average of $29.49. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.02. The business earned $415 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $397.58 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Hilton Grand Vacations Inc will post $1.86 earnings per share for the current year. A number of brokerages have commented on HGV. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Hilton Grand Vacations from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued an overweight rating and a $37.00 price objective for the company. Instinet raised their price objective on Hilton Grand Vacations from $32.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Janney Montgomery Scott reiterated a buy rating and issued a $38.00 price objective on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Nomura began coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a buy rating and a $32.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $34.50. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/hilton-grand-vacations-inc-hgv-issues-fy17-earnings-guidance.html. About Hilton Grand Vacations Hilton Grand Vacations Inc is a timeshare company that markets and sells vacation ownership intervals (VOIs), manages resorts in leisure and urban destinations, and operates a points-based vacation club. The Company operates its business across two segments: Real Estate Sales and Financing, and Resort Operations and Club Management. Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vermilion Energy (VET) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.36 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (VRX) Stock Price FY2017 EPS Estimates for Kadant Inc. (KAI) Lifted by Seaport Global Securities Vantiv (VNTV) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows FY2017 EPS Estimates for CGI Group Inc (GIB) Reduced by Analyst Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Raised to “Neutral” at Janney Montgomery Scott Sierra Bancorp (BSRR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Trims BroadSoft Inc (BSFT) Target Price to $51.00 ATN International Inc (ATNI) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $129,000 Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) Earns “Outperform” Rating from FBR & Co B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Position Increased by North Star Investment Management Corp. North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $1.54 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) North Star Investment Management Corp. Has $723,000 Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Exane Derivatives Has $2.804 Million Position in C R Bard Inc (BCR) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Has $26.128 Million Position in NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Acquires 7,500 Shares of Centurylink Inc (CTL) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Boosts Position in Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Increases Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Centene Corp (CNC) EVP Sells $372,000.00 in Stock Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (VRX) Stock Price May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) (TSE:VRX) has been trending somewhat positive on Friday, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. Alpha One, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl earned a media sentiment score of 0.07 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about the specialty pharmaceutical company an impact score of 21 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the media stories that may have effected Alpha One’s rankings: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada (americanbankingnews.com) What Are Analysts Suggestions On Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (VRX) (giftedviz.com) Bill Ackman Is Back to Black (finance.yahoo.com) Ackman’s Pershing Square to Be Listed on London Stock Exchange (finance.yahoo.com) Valeant Announces 2017 Annual Meeting Results (finance.yahoo.com) A number of research analysts have issued reports on VRX shares. Mizuho reiterated an “underperform” rating and set a $11.00 price target on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. HC Wainwright set a $23.00 price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $12.00 price target (down previously from $17.00) on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut their price objective on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl from $20.00 to $19.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.32. Shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) traded up 0.6860% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $9.9075. The stock had a trading volume of 4,929,852 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $9.99 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.44. The company’s market cap is $3.45 billion. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl has a 1-year low of $8.31 and a 1-year high of $35.36. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Stock traders purchased 24,501 put options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 172% compared to the typical daily volume of 9,002 put options. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported $1.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.20 by $0.06. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl had a negative net margin of 22.17% and a positive return on equity of 43.81%. The firm had revenue of $2.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.34 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $1.55 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl will post $3.89 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, insider Valueact Capital Master Fund, purchased 3,000,000 shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were bought at an average price of $10.82 per share, for a total transaction of $32,460,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Schutter Richard U. De purchased 10,000 shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were bought at an average price of $10.80 per share, for a total transaction of $108,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 25,190 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $272,052. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders acquired 3,034,000 shares of company stock worth $32,825,280 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 16.37% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/somewhat-positive-press-coverage-very-unlikely-to-impact-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-vrx-stock-price.html. About Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc is a pharmaceutical and medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing and marketing a range of branded, generic and branded generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products, and medical devices (contact lenses, intraocular lenses, ophthalmic surgical equipment, and aesthetics devices). Receive News & Ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Badger Meter Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Badger Meter Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Centene Corp (CNC) EVP Sells $372,000.00 in Stock F Quinn Stepan, Jr. Sells 4,348 Shares of Stepan Company (SCL) Stock Gregory M. Gomez Sells 9,000 Shares of Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Stock Biogen Inc (BIIB) CEO Buys $380,432.70 in Stock Dell Technologies Inc (DVMT) General Counsel Sells $327,114.26 in Stock Deutsche Bank AG Raises Facebook Inc (FB) Price Target to $180.00 Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) to Hold First American Financial Corp (FAF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research First Bank (FRBA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold First Merchants Co. (FRME) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Potlatch (PCH) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Gabelli Weighs in on Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (SPB) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Centerra Gold Inc. (CG) Boosted by Analyst TG Therapeutics (TGTX) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Stock Price Nordson (NDSN) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.12 Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Short Interest in IntelliPharmaCeutics Intl Inc (IPCI) Drops By 0.4% Gregory M. Gomez Sells 9,000 Shares of Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Stock May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Badger Meter, Inc. (NYSE:BMI) VP Gregory M. Gomez sold 9,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.34, for a total transaction of $354,060.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 25,979 shares in the company, valued at $1,022,013.86. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Shares of Badger Meter, Inc. (NYSE:BMI) traded up 0.39% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $38.15. 52,201 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average is $37.12 and its 200 day moving average is $36.34. Badger Meter, Inc. has a 1-year low of $29.30 and a 1-year high of $41.70. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.11 billion, a PE ratio of 33.76 and a beta of 0.55. Badger Meter (NYSE:BMI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.04. The company earned $101.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $102.63 million. Badger Meter had a net margin of 8.20% and a return on equity of 13.01%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.55 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Badger Meter, Inc. will post $1.24 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a dividend of $0.115 per share. This represents a $0.46 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.21%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. Badger Meter’s dividend payout ratio is presently 41.44%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/gregory-m-gomez-sells-9000-shares-of-badger-meter-inc-bmi-stock.html. BMI has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Sidoti upgraded shares of Badger Meter from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Badger Meter from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Badger Meter by 1,145.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 113,661 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $3,809,000 after buying an additional 104,538 shares in the last quarter. Comerica Bank boosted its position in Badger Meter by 5.5% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 31,079 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $1,183,000 after buying an additional 1,615 shares in the last quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in Badger Meter by 163.0% in the third quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. now owns 323,530 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $10,841,000 after buying an additional 200,529 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in Badger Meter by 51.4% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 53,954 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $1,808,000 after buying an additional 18,327 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its position in Badger Meter by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 156,246 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $5,773,000 after buying an additional 2,037 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 77.81% of the company’s stock. About Badger Meter Badger Meter, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products incorporating flow measurement, control and communication solutions, serving water utilities, municipalities, and commercial and industrial customers around the world. The Company’s products measure water, oil, chemicals and other fluids, provide and communicate timely measurement data. Receive News & Ratings for Badger Meter Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Badger Meter Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers BlackRock, PIMCO said to plan new front in bank FX-rigging cases Pensions & Investments | May 5, 2017 12:34 pm | Updated 12:46 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Siri, what do I do with all these bonds? View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Largest corporate DB plans The largest corporate pension plans ranked by funding ratio as of Dec. 31, 2016, unless otherwise... View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO DC West: A talk with Groom Laws Michael Kreps View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News WRAPUP 4-U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate hits 4.4 percent Shares1 Fri, 5 May 2017-10:29pm , Reuters U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of U.S. Treasuries were mostly flat in early afternoon trading on Friday, while U.S. stocks were mixed. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. In April, average hourly earnings rose seven cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to a fresh eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money 7 PSU bank heads appointed; major rejig at PNB, BOI Money TCS sets up research lab for drones in US Money Land sold to Patanjali: Bombay HC demands answer from Maharashtra government Money Sensex takes 267-pt hit, Nifty stumbles on oil worryline Money AirAsia X to start daily Mumbai-Bali flight from May 19 Money Offshore India funds, ETFs see $2 billion inflows in Jan-Mar Next Article > Five-star Adil Rashid strikes as England rout Ireland Live Cricket Score Sunrisers Hyderabad vs Rising Pune Supergiant Sat, 6 May 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node Five-star Adil Rashid strikes as England rout Ireland Related Asian stocks fall for 3rd day as cracks in commodities widen DNA Money Edit: End of Indian IT engineer’s US dream? US hails Infosys 10,000 jobs announcement as a victory for Trump's H-1B visa policy Video WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! View all Tags Donald Trump Abercrombie & Fitch CME Group France New York Ohio U. S. Federal Reserve CME Group FedWatch Columbus J. C. Penney Co Inc Labor Department Macy Inc Obama U. S. Treasuries SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Border tension reduces as Pakistan-Afghanistan call ceasefire All sand quarries in TN to be closed in three years Texas police officer faces murder charge in teen's death Five U.S. Marines disciplined so far in nude photo scandal: report Indian-origin couple gunned down in US in revenge attack Sport Kipchoge narrowly misses two-hour marathon attetmpt Athletics-Kipchoge runs quickest marathon in just over two hours SHOWCASE-Soccer-Arsenal v Manchester United Fans' View Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, May 6 Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Entertainment 'Kingsman 3' already planned: director Matthew Vaughn 'Casino Royale' star Daliah Lavi passes away at 74 Majid Majidi wraps up shoot of Ishaan Khabar starrer 'Beyond The Clouds' ?Casino Royale? star Daliah Lavi passes away at 74 Baahubali 2: Here's how much Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Sathyaraj, Ramya Krishnan charged for the film! Money 'Legislative change needed in wage structure to prevent H-1B Rating agencies far from India's ground realities: Das Emotive connect with Infosys to remain forever: Gopalakrishnan Rules on no-fly list vague, should specify ban period: experts WRAPUP 5-U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) CIBC Raises RingCentral Inc (RNG) Price Target to $33.00 Garmin Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GRMN) Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Price Target Raised to $24.00 Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Bank of America Corp Deutsche Bank AG Trims Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Target Price to $91.00 M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Mastercard Target of Unusually High Options Trading (MA) Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Raised to Outperform at National Bank Financial Marine Products Corp. (MPX) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Insider Sells $570,750.00 in Stock DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Acquires Shares of 37,500 Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Royal Bank of Canada Increases Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Price Target to C$18.00 Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Sells 5,194 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Stake Boosted by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Virtu Financial LLC Invests $408,000 in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Gartner Inc (IT) PT Raised to $128.00 at BMO Capital Markets DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Reduces Position in Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Reduces Stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Deutsche Bank AG Trims Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Target Price to $91.00 May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (NYSE:RCL) had its price objective trimmed by Deutsche Bank AG from $102.00 to $91.00 in a report released on Tuesday. The firm currently has a hold rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on RCL. Vetr cut shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $95.16 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from a neutral rating to a sell rating and set a $78.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $99.00 price target on shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from $102.00 to $78.00 and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Wedbush raised their price objective on shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises from $88.00 to $106.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $99.51. Royal Caribbean Cruises (NYSE:RCL) traded up 0.41% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $108.36. The company had a trading volume of 311,560 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $99.18 and its 200 day moving average price is $89.23. Royal Caribbean Cruises has a 12-month low of $64.95 and a 12-month high of $110.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $23.28 billion, a PE ratio of 18.27 and a beta of 1.23. Royal Caribbean Cruises (NYSE:RCL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.99 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $2.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.02 billion. Royal Caribbean Cruises had a net margin of 15.10% and a return on equity of 15.89%. The company’s revenue was up 4.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.57 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Royal Caribbean Cruises will post $7.20 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/deutsche-bank-ag-trims-royal-caribbean-cruises-ltd-rcl-target-price-to-91-00.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a $0.48 dividend. This represents a $1.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.78%. Royal Caribbean Cruises’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 32.32%. In other news, EVP Harri U. Kulovaara sold 7,527 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.00, for a total value of $827,970.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 29,667 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,263,370. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Richard D. Fain sold 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $96.80, for a total transaction of $1,936,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 1,047,741 shares in the company, valued at $101,421,328.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 126,051 shares of company stock worth $12,198,948. Insiders own 16.80% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in RCL. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Royal Caribbean Cruises during the fourth quarter worth approximately $141,340,000. HG Vora Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Royal Caribbean Cruises during the third quarter worth approximately $59,960,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC purchased a new position in Royal Caribbean Cruises during the fourth quarter worth approximately $42,234,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Royal Caribbean Cruises during the fourth quarter worth approximately $41,610,000. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Royal Caribbean Cruises by 50.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,454,631 shares of the company’s stock worth $142,714,000 after buying an additional 488,740 shares in the last quarter. 74.32% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Royal Caribbean Cruises Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. is a cruise company. The Company owns and operates three global cruise brands: Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Club Cruises (Global Brands). The Company also own joint venture interest in the German brand TUI Cruises, interest in the Spanish brand Pullmantur and interest in the Chinese brand SkySea Cruises (collectively, Partner Brands). Receive News & Ratings for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PG&E Co. (PCG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts easyJet plc (EZJ) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) CIBC Raises RingCentral Inc (RNG) Price Target to $33.00 Garmin Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GRMN) Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Price Target Raised to $24.00 Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Bank of America Corp Deutsche Bank AG Trims Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Target Price to $91.00 M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Mastercard Target of Unusually High Options Trading (MA) Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Raised to Outperform at National Bank Financial Marine Products Corp. (MPX) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Insider Sells $570,750.00 in Stock DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Acquires Shares of 37,500 Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Royal Bank of Canada Increases Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Price Target to C$18.00 Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Sells 5,194 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Stake Boosted by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Virtu Financial LLC Invests $408,000 in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the twenty-two analysts that are presently covering the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, nine have issued a hold recommendation and twelve have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 3,582.25 ($46.25). A number of research firms recently commented on RIO. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 4,000 ($51.65) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 4,140 ($53.45) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Thursday. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 4,000 ($51.65) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 4,200 ($54.23) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 4,300 ($55.52) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Wednesday. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/rio-tinto-plc-rio-given-average-recommendation-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) traded up 2.37% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting GBX 2979.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,893,571 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 3,185.26 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 3,191.25. The stock’s market cap is GBX 53.60 billion. Rio Tinto plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,853.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 3,718.50. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd were paid a dividend of GBX 100.56 ($1.30) per share. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous dividend of $33.80. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.98%. In other news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques sold 3,325 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 3,618 ($46.71), for a total transaction of £120,298.50 ($155,324.08). In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 3,342 shares of company stock worth $12,081,377. Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chart Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Sell” from Analysts Zacks: Nissan Motor Co Ltd (NSANY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Merlin Entertainme Spon (MERLY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Wright Medical Group (WMGI) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Cott Co. (COT) Raised to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Plans $0.36 Quarterly Dividend Calpine Co. (CPN) PT Lowered to $14.00 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Aramark Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 (ARMK) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Lowers salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) to Sell Jefferies Group LLC Cuts Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) Price Target to $15.00 International Paper Co (IP) Position Boosted by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Decatur Capital Management Inc. Increases Position in State Street Corp (STT) Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Sold by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Has $247,000 Stake in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Acquires Shares of 4,600 USG Co. (USG) Conning Inc. Raises Position in Campbell Soup Company (CPB) LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Stake Increased by Conning Inc. Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Sell” from Analysts May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) has been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 4.00 (Sell) from the three brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a strong sell recommendation, one has given a sell recommendation and one has assigned a hold recommendation to the company. Standard Chart Plc’s rating score has improved by 11.1% from 90 days ago as a result of a number of analysts’ ratings changes. Zacks has also assigned Standard Chart Plc an industry rank of 84 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. A number of research firms have commented on SCBFF. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Standard Chart Plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Standard Chart Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Shares of Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) traded up 0.0000% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $9.1401. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $9.19 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.84. The stock’s market cap is $29.96 billion. Standard Chart Plc has a 12-month low of $6.88 and a 12-month high of $10.17. WARNING: “Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Sell” from Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/standard-chart-plc-scbff-receives-average-recommendation-of-sell-from-analysts.html. Standard Chart Plc Company Profile Standard Chartered Bank provides personal and business banking services such as loans and mortgages, insurance and investment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chart Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Surge of Inflows Leaves Global Bond Markets in a Sweet Spot by Sid Verma @_SidVerma More stories by Sid Verma May 5, 2017, 12:09 PM EDT Investor demand has swallowed up fresh supply so far this year Debt funds are still attractive relative to bank accounts BlackRock’s Rieder on Ultra-Long Bonds Everything’s coming up roses for the global debt market. Surging inflows into bond funds are soaking up the swelling supply of new notes, flying in the face of speculation that a great rotation in asset allocation -- cash flowing into equities at the expense of fixed income -- would thwart debt securities this year. That should help anchor borrowing costs for companies and governments around the world even as analysts expect the Federal Reserve to gradually raise interest rates. Investors added $9.7 billion to global bond funds in the seven days through May 3, bringing year-to-date inflows to $140 billion -- a figure that represents about 4 percent of assets under management -- Bank of America Corp. said in a report citing EPFR data. JPMorgan Chase & Co. says that new demand for bonds will likely outpace supply this year. “The bond demand picture this year is overwhelmed by a surge in the buying of bond funds,” JPMorgan analysts led by Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou wrote in a note last week. If the hot run in inflows is sustained, 2017 would see $700 billion of new money devoted to the asset class, outpacing last year’s $575 billion, according to JPMorgan. The bank’s measurements include all bonds, both corporate and government, except local-currency debt issued by emerging-market borrowers. JPMorgan had previously projected supply would overwhelm new demand to the tune of $500 billion in 2017, forecasting a paltry $200 billion of inflows -- a figure comfortably breached this year already. But why the relentless tide of money into bond funds at a time when global interest rates are rising and yields are still depressed by historical standards? Analysts cite the tailwinds generated by strong returns on fixed-income products and the stubbornly low interest rates offered on U.S. bank deposits. JPMorgan calculates that 100 of the biggest bond funds globally produced an average return of 2.3 percent between January and April, which on an annualized basis would be higher than last year’s 5.8 percent advance. For now, other signals look bullish too. Strategists from Bank of America reckon U.S. investors are likely to remain cash rich in the coming months amid an uptick in coupon payments and redemptions -- helping to offset the threat of reduced foreign demand as government bond yields in Europe trend higher. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Lower debt issuance to pay for mergers and acquisitions has been offset by higher corporate refinancing activity, and bonds sold by banks to meet regulatory requirements. That spurred Wells Fargo & Co. last month to increase its forecast for U.S. investment-grade bond supply this year to $1.25 trillion from $1.2 trillion, in line with 2016’s record, after issuance rose 10 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier. JPMorgan strategists are bullish on the supply/demand picture globally, projecting a $300 billion year-on-year decline in new-bond sales this year, led by a fall in U.S. agency and mortgage-backed obligations. Next year, however, could see supply exceeding new demand in fixed-income markets around the world if the European Central Bank pulls back on monetary stimulus and the Fed shrinks its balance sheet, according to JPMorgan, which estimates the oversupply could reach $800 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Oil Closes Near $46 as Shale Revival Cancels Out OPEC Efforts Why the Retail Crisis Could Be Coming to American Groceries Fed-Up Advertisers Stop Paying More for Smaller TV Audiences Tesla Has a Lot More in Store Than the Model 3 Five Charts That Explain Crude Oil's Sudden Nosedive Toward $45 Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
dcdcrvtuweqv Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 1? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 1? Email for new password What is 0 + 1? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » BlackRock, Pimco Said To Plan New Front In Bank FX-Rigging Cases May 6, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Invest In Women 2017 Inside Retirement 2017 Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share BlackRock, Pimco Said To Plan New Front In Bank FX-Rigging Cases May 5, 2017 • Kit Chellel, Jeremy Hodges Loading Other Articles... Some of the world’s biggest investors are working with a U.S. law firm to prepare a fresh wave of litigation against banks accused of rigging foreign exchange markets. BlackRock Inc., Pacific Investment Management Co. and hedge fund BlueCrest Capital Management are working with law firm Quinn Emanuel to recover losses they blame on the manipulation of currency benchmarks, according to two people familiar with the case, who asked not to be identified because nothing has been filed. The target banks, including Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc., HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and UBS Group AG, have been fined billions of dollars for conspiring to rig FX benchmarks, one of the people said. The firm, which will probably file lawsuits in London and New York, is trying to attract additional investors. Quinn Emanuel’s clients will likely opt out of an existing New York class action over currency manipulation that won a total of about $2 billion in settlements from HSBC, Barclays, RBS, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and others in 2015, according to people with knowledge of the firm’s strategy. Opting out of the class action would allow large investors to seek higher settlements by pursuing a global strategy that includes the recovery of losses from London, where a significant portion of global trades are settled. The existing class action is limited to transactions that took place in New York. Opt-Out Fight The two law firms that are running the existing U.S. lawsuit, Hausfeld and Scott + Scott, won’t give up control of the case without a fight. In an April 24 letter e-mailed to U.S. District Judge Lorna Schofield, lawyers complained that "certain unnamed law firms were sending false and misleading communications to class members to persuade them to opt out of the settlements," the judge said in a court order Thursday. She set a May 12 deadline for the two firms to make a formal request as to what she should do in response. Officials at Scott + Scott and Jim Baxter, a spokesman for Quinn Emanuel in London, declined to immediately comment. A lawyer for Hausfeld in the U.K. couldn’t immediately be reached to comment. The Massachusetts Pension Reserves Investment Management Board and California State Teachers’ Retirement System are also considering signing up to the new action. First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you agree with President Trump's proposal to cut all business income taxes to 15%? Yes, it would stimulate growth No, it would inflate the deficit View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Danone SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Enerplus Corp (ERF) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts The Western Union Company Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share (WU) Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Stanley Black & Decker (SWK) Stock Price Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 Hillenbrand (HI) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Danone SA (DANOY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Surge Energy Inc (SGY) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Versum Materials Inc Increased by Analyst (VSM) Calgon Carbon Co. (CCC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Maxim Group Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) Transocean LTD (RIG) Price Target Raised to $10.00 Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Price Target Increased to $60.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC International Paper Co (IP) PT Raised to $48.00 Vertical Research Upgrades KBR, Inc. (KBR) to “Buy” Regions Financial Corp (RF) Downgraded by Argus Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Regions Financial Corp (RF) Danone SA (DANOY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Danone SA (OTCMKTS:DANOY) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eight ratings firms that are covering the firm. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. DANOY has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Danone SA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Davy Research downgraded shares of Danone SA from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Danone SA in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/danone-sa-danoy-receives-consensus-rating-of-hold-from-analysts.html. Shares of Danone SA (OTCMKTS:DANOY) traded up 1.45% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $14.32. The stock had a trading volume of 78,142 shares. Danone SA has a 52-week low of $12.21 and a 52-week high of $15.77. The company’s 50 day moving average is $13.76 and its 200-day moving average is $13.16. The stock has a market cap of $44.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.95 and a beta of 0.81. About Danone SA Danone SA is engaged in holding directly or indirectly companies, and coordination of the main functions and activities. The Company operates through four segments: Fresh Dairy Products Division, Waters Division, Early Life Nutrition Division and Medical Nutrition Division. The Fresh Dairy Products Division produces and markets yogurts, fermented fresh dairy products and specialized dairy products. Receive News & Ratings for Danone SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Belden Inc. (BDC) Decreased by SunTrust Banks Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Earns “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Western Digital Corp (WDC) Price Target Increased to $115.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Twilio’s (TWLO) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Lifted to B- at TheStreet VEON Ltd (VEON) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Experian plc (EXPN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Conn's Inc (CONN) Bonds Drop 1.7% During Trading Obseva SA (OBSV) Given $21.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Cabot Corp Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.85 Per Share (CBT) Brokerages Anticipate Senseonics Holdings Inc (SENS) to Announce ($0.13) EPS Zacks: Analysts Set $100.61 Target Price for Nestle SA (NSRGY) M.D.C. Holdings (MDC) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Amedisys Inc (AMED) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €130.00 by Citigroup Inc Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Sells 10,600 Shares of Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Belden Inc. (BDC) Decreased by SunTrust Banks May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) – Research analysts at SunTrust Banks dropped their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Belden in a research note issued on Wednesday. SunTrust Banks analyst W. Stein now forecasts that the industrial products company will post earnings of $1.36 per share for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $1.39. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Belden’s Q2 2018 earnings at $1.30 EPS. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Belden from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Drexel Hamilton assumed coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.71. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Belden Inc. (BDC) Decreased by SunTrust Banks” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/q3-2017-eps-estimates-for-belden-inc-bdc-decreased-by-suntrust-banks.html. Belden (NYSE:BDC) traded down 0.19% during trading on Friday, hitting $73.67. 49,322 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $68.29 and a 200-day moving average of $71.99. The stock has a market cap of $3.11 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.80 and a beta of 2.24. Belden has a 52 week low of $54.97 and a 52 week high of $81.33. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $551.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $551.14 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. The business’s revenue was up 1.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.01 EPS. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Karp Capital Management Corp purchased a new position in shares of Belden during the first quarter valued at about $750,000. HGK Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Belden during the first quarter valued at about $680,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of Belden by 21.0% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 25,877 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,790,000 after buying an additional 4,492 shares in the last quarter. Comerica Bank increased its position in shares of Belden by 5.5% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 82,954 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $5,909,000 after buying an additional 4,341 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Belden by 27.8% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 939,631 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $65,013,000 after buying an additional 204,609 shares in the last quarter. In other Belden news, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total value of $459,455.16. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 18,343 shares in the company, valued at $1,336,470.98. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 1.37% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th were issued a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.27%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 14th. Belden’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 7.58%. About Belden Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Amedisys Inc (AMED) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €130.00 by Citigroup Inc Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Sells 10,600 Shares of Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Malaga Cove Capital LLC Sells 71 Shares of Time Warner Inc (TWX) Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Has $1.658 Million Stake in General Dynamics Co. (GD) Profit Investment Management LLC Reduces Stake in Biogen Inc (BIIB) Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $363,000 Stake in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cerner Co. (CERN) Position Lowered by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Shell Asset Management Co. Has $1.567 Million Position in Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $3.181 Million Stake in Time Warner Inc (TWX) Open Text Corp (OTEX) Position Boosted by Shell Asset Management Co. Shell Asset Management Co. Lowers Stake in PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Kellogg Company (K) Shares Sold by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Decreases Position in WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Reduces Position in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shell Asset Management Co. Raises Stake in Splunk Inc (SPLK) Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Sells 23,100 Shares of Baxter International Inc (BAX) Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Shares Bought by Shell Asset Management Co. Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €130.00 by Citigroup Inc May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) has been given a €130.00 ($141.30) price objective by Citigroup Inc in a research report issued on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the healthcare company’s stock. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Deutsche Bank AG set a €120.00 ($130.43) target price on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €120.00 ($130.43) price target on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Commerzbank Ag set a €118.00 ($128.26) price target on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Berenberg Bank set a €118.00 ($128.26) price target on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €114.38 ($124.33). Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) traded up 0.924% during midday trading on Friday, hitting €114.535. The stock had a trading volume of 8,853 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of €107.68 and a 200 day moving average of €100.59. Bayer AG has a 52 week low of €83.87 and a 52 week high of €114.83. The stock has a market cap of €94.71 billion and a PE ratio of 21.054. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €130.00 by Citigroup Inc” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/bayer-ag-bayn-pt-set-at-130-00-by-citigroup-inc.html. Bayer AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe BlackRock, Pimco Said to Plan New Front in Bank FX-Rigging Cases by Kit Chellel @kitchellel More stories by Kit Chellel and Jeremy Hodges @jeremylawhodges More stories by Jeremy Hodges May 5, 2017, 7:10 AM EDT Investors have hired law firm Quinn Emanuel to recover losses New lawsuits against banks may be filed in London and New York Some of the world’s biggest investors are working with a U.S. law firm to prepare a fresh wave of litigation against banks accused of rigging foreign exchange markets. BlackRock Inc., Pacific Investment Management Co. and hedge fund BlueCrest Capital Management are working with law firm Quinn Emanuel to recover losses they blame on the manipulation of currency benchmarks, according to two people familiar with the case, who asked not to be identified because nothing has been filed. The target banks, including Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc., HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc and UBS Group AG, have been fined billions of dollars for conspiring to rig FX benchmarks. The firm, which will probably file lawsuits in London and New York, is trying to attract additional investors, the people said. Quinn Emanuel’s clients will likely opt out of an existing New York class action over currency manipulation that won a total of about $2 billion in settlements from HSBC, Barclays, RBS, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and others in 2015, according to people with knowledge of the firm’s strategy. Opting out of the class action would allow large investors to seek higher settlements by pursuing a global strategy that includes the recovery of losses from London, where a significant portion of global trades are settled. The existing class action is limited to transactions that took place in New York. Opt-Out Fight The two law firms that are running the existing U.S. lawsuit, Hausfeld and Scott + Scott, won’t give up control of the case without a fight. In an April 24 letter e-mailed to U.S. District Judge Lorna Schofield, lawyers complained that "certain unnamed law firms were sending false and misleading communications to class members to persuade them to opt out of the settlements," the judge said in a court order Thursday. She set a May 12 deadline for the two firms to make a formal request as to what she should do in response. Officials at Scott + Scott and Jim Baxter, a spokesman for Quinn Emanuel in London, declined to immediately comment. A lawyer for Hausfeld in the U.K. couldn’t immediately be reached to comment. The Massachusetts Pension Reserves Investment Management Board and California State Teachers’ Retirement System are also considering signing up to the new action. “CalSTRS is a member of the FX market manipulation antitrust class and has been evaluating its options, including potentially using Quinn Emanuel or another law firm to file an opt-out case, but has not yet committed to do so,” Brian J. Bartow, the California pension’s general counsel, said in a statement. “At the moment, CalSTRS remains a member of the class.” Other investor groups either declined to comment or didn’t return calls and e-mails seeking comment. Global Fines Banks have paid about $10 billion in fines to global authorities over the last few years to resolve allegations traders tried to manipulate key foreign-exchange benchmarks such as the 4 p.m. WM/Reuters and 1.15 p.m. European Central Bank fixes. The settlements, some of which included guilty pleas in the U.S., came after dozens of individuals were suspended or fired over the behavior. The latest legal campaign threatens to give new impetus to the benchmark rigging scandal, and may force banks into paying significantly higher legal settlements. Banks including UBS, HSBC and RBS declined to comment. Other lenders didn’t immediately reply to requests for comment on the lawsuits. At least five people have also been charged in the U.S., including three members of a chat room dubbed “the cartel” that was the focus of the investigation. Some of the men are in talks with the Justice Department on voluntarily coming to the U.S. to fight the charges, Bloomberg reported last month. A fourth member of the group has been cooperating with prosecutors. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Oil Closes Near $46 as Shale Revival Cancels Out OPEC Efforts Why the Retail Crisis Could Be Coming to American Groceries Fed-Up Advertisers Stop Paying More for Smaller TV Audiences Tesla Has a Lot More in Store Than the Model 3 Five Charts That Explain Crude Oil's Sudden Nosedive Toward $45 Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Quadrant L P CA Cuts Stake in NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) First Quadrant L P CA Has $1.677 Million Stake in NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) First Mercantile Trust Co. Lowers Position in Mistras Group Inc (MG) Invesco Advantage Municipal Income Tr II (VKI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 10th First Quadrant L P CA Acquires 24,558 Shares of Allegion PLC (ALLE) Coach Inc (COH) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG First Mercantile Trust Co. Decreases Position in Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) PT Lowered to $90.00 First Mercantile Trust Co. Has $442,000 Stake in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Invesco Municipal Trust (VKQ) Announces $0.06 Monthly Dividend W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Position Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Shares Bought by First Mercantile Trust Co. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Acquires 6,976 Shares of Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) PT Raised to $49.00 at Canaccord Genuity First Quadrant L P CA Decreases Stake in Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically FBR & Co Research Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Sterling Bancorp (STL) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by research analysts at Canaccord Genuity in a report issued on Wednesday. They presently have a $80.00 price target on the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock, up from their prior price target of $65.00. Canaccord Genuity’s price target indicates a potential downside of 9.72% from the company’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on CGNX. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cognex from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Cognex in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 target price for the company. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price objective (up from $61.00) on shares of Cognex in a research note on Friday, February 17th. TheStreet lowered shares of Cognex from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Summit Redstone reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Cognex in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. Cognex presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $67.01. Shares of Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) traded up 0.49% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $89.04. 63,504 shares of the stock were exchanged. Cognex has a 52-week low of $38.71 and a 52-week high of $90.29. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $83.12 and its 200 day moving average is $69.28. The firm has a market cap of $7.66 billion, a PE ratio of 51.86 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a net margin of 26.59% and a return on equity of 13.67%. The firm earned $129.32 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.93 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.22 earnings per share. Cognex’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Cognex will post $2.06 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be given a dividend of $0.085 per share. This represents a $0.34 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.38%. This is an increase from Cognex’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. Cognex’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 20.13%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cognex Co. (CGNX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/cognex-co-cgnx-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-canaccord-genuity.html. In other news, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of Cognex stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total transaction of $389,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $389,250. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of Cognex stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.69, for a total value of $4,034,500.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,034,500. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 105,000 shares of company stock valued at $8,311,250. Corporate insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CGNX. Flinton Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Cognex by 3.4% in the first quarter. Flinton Capital Management LLC now owns 2,400 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $201,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the period. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its stake in Cognex by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 12,683 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $807,000 after buying an additional 94 shares during the period. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Cognex by 3.4% in the first quarter. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC now owns 3,300 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $277,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the period. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Cognex by 3.4% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 4,200 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $353,000 after buying an additional 140 shares during the period. Finally, Elkfork Partners LLC increased its stake in Cognex by 3.4% in the first quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC now owns 5,100 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $428,000 after buying an additional 170 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.00% of the company’s stock. Cognex Company Profile Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Events Webinars Newsletter Jobs Skip to content DiversityInc Top 50 Career Advice Diversity Management News Toggle navigation Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to real all comments U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust Services Announces Joseph Giordano as New President Giordano will take over as president effective June 1, 2017. By DiversityInc Staff / May 5, 2017 U.S. Bank has announced that Joseph Giordano has been named president of its Global Corporate Trust Services (GCTS) division. Giordano, who currently serves as senior vice president and head of the municipal and corporate divisions of GCTS, will take over as president effective June 1, 2017. Joe Giordano Giordano has more than 35 years of experience in corporate trust and the financial services industry, and helped lead U.S. Bank’s CDO team to 53 percent market share in little more than four years. Prior to U.S. Bank, Giordano served in senior roles at J.P. Morgan Chase, where he managed CDO, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, and municipal and corporate business. “Joe has the deep experience and unwavering commitment to client success that I firmly believe will take our Global Corporate Trust Services division to an even higher level of service,” said Gunjan Kedia, vice chairman of U.S. Bank Wealth Management & Securities Services. “We are thrilled that he will be leading what is already a high-performing team of corporate trust professionals.” Giordano is succeeding Bryan Calder as president of Global Corporate Trust Services, who has announced his plans to retire this summer. Calder has been with U.S. Bank since 2002 and has been instrumental in building the GCTS business into one of the leading providers of corporate trust and escrow services, guiding the team to a #1 or #2 ranking in all GCTS products during the past three years. “Bryan has done an exemplary job in growing our corporate trust business into the industry leader it is today, and the most trusted choice among clients. He has demonstrated a commitment to doing the right thing by our clients and putting their best interests first,” Kedia said. “We wish him all the best in his retirement.” Tags: Joe Giordano Sponsored Content U.S. Bank Recommended Articles General Counsel at Altria Denise F. Keane Announces Decision to Retire Keane's retirement is effective July 1, 2017, after 40 years of distinguished service. Wells Fargo Announces Small Business Neighborhood Renovation Program Contest Twenty small businesses in five cities across America will receive physical location or storefront makeovers in an effort to encourage economic development. FirstNet and AT&T: The First 30 Days The FirstNet Network will be invaluable for first responders and the larger public safety community. Richard S. Isaacs to Assume New Roles at Kaiser Permanente Isaacs has accepted the roles of Executive Director and CEO of The Permanente Medical Group and President and CEO of Mid-Atlantic Permanente Medical Group.  Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. *Your email address will not be published « Previous Article     Next Article » MOST POPULAR White Man Shoots Six Blacks and One Latino at San Diego Pool Party EY Earns No. 1 Spot on 2017 DiversityInc Top 50 List ‘People Who Lead Good Lives’ Don’t Have Preexisting Medical Conditions: GOP Rep. FBI Investigates Racially Charged Banana, Noose Incident at American University Ivanka Trump’s White Privilege Showcased in ‘Women Who Work’ WEBINAR LIBRARY   Member-Only! How to Attract and Hire Diverse Executives How to Encourage White Men to Push for Change Accountability, Diversity Metrics in Scorecards and Dashboards Should Senior Leaders Address Racial Tensions in the U.S.? Rebooting Your Executive Diversity Council Sign Up Your email will not be added to any promotional lists. Please select the DiversityInc newsletters/alerts that you would like to receive. News Events Web Seminars DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Magazine Find A Job Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs What eg. Web Designer Where eg. New York, NY or 90210 TRENDING NOW White Man Shoots Six Blacks and One Latino at San Diego Pool Party 20 comments ‘People Who Lead Good Lives’ Don’t Have Preexisting Medical Conditions: GOP Rep. 16 comments FBI Investigates Racially Charged Banana, Noose Incident at American University 13 comments Ivanka Trump’s White Privilege Showcased in ‘Women Who Work’ 13 comments Women Can Legally Be Paid Less Based on Salary History, Court Rules 11 comments CAREER ADVICE How to Avoid the ‘Motherhood Penalty’ and Recoup Income Changing Jobs Within Your Company Could be a Good Move Tina Fey Shares Her Success as a Working Mom with David Letterman How to Apply Your New Mom Skills When You Go Back to Work ABOUT CONTACT US DiversityInc Top 50 DiversityInc Top 50 List Top 50 Lists Since 2001 About the Top 50 Process Methodology FAQ Participate in the Top 50 Products and Services Benchmarking DiversityInc Best Practices Events Job Board Magazine Webinar Series Media Kit Rate Card and Circulation Advertise on DiversityInc.com DiversityInc Magazine Specs DiversityInc Best Practices Spring Event Sponsorship Information Fall Event Sponsorship Information Career Branding Package Online Job Board © Copyright 2017 — DiversityInc. All Rights Reserved. × This post has been shared. Thank you! Send To Up To 5 Email Recipients* Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (5 recipients max.) Your Name* Your Email Address* Send email Cancel ×
Health Search Search Visit for coverage from TIME, Health, Fortune and moreGo » Warren BuffettHow to Watch Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting Live Stream UberPortland Plans to Subpoena Uber Over Controversial Software macronFrance’s Macron Campaign Emails Appear to Be Leaked Online PointCloudWarren Buffett Praises Amazon and Jeff Bezos While Selling IBM Shares Brainstorm Health Fortune Brainstorm Health 2017 Coverage Guide Andrew Nusca May 05, 2017 Fortune’s second-ever Brainstorm Health conference convened a powerful new community of leaders at the forefront of the revolution underway in 21st-century health care. If you missed this year’s event, which was held from May 2 to 3 in San Diego, you can catch up easily using our handy guide below. It’s a compilation of all of the event’s coverage by Fortune staff. Enjoy. Day 1 SETTING THE AGENDA: THE REVOLUTION IS NOW With David Agus, and Clifton Leaf, co-chairs, Fortune Brainstorm Health —Video MOVING FAST AMID THE FLUX With Steven Corwin of New York-Presbyterian; David Agus of USC; Alan Murray of Time Inc. —Report by Adam Lashinsky —Video IN SEARCH OF PRECISION HEALTH With Shelley Hwang of Duke University; Lloyd Minor of Stanford University; Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Erika Fry —Video DEMO: HIJACKING THE BRAIN WITH VR With Matthew Stoudt of appliedVR and Arianna Huffington —Report by Jonathan Vanian —Video THE EVOLUTION OF EATING With Tom Hayes of Tyson Foods; Denise Morrison of Campbell Soup; Beth Kowitt of Fortune —Report by Sy Mukherjee —Video THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE SCARY: WHERE GENOMIC TECH MAY LEAD With Othman Laraki of Color Genomics; Eric Topol of Scripps Translational Science Institute; J. Craig Venter of Human Longevity; Siobhan O’Connor of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin —Video DEMO: CAN YOU STOP YOUR OWN BRAIN-DRAIN? With Adam Gazzaley of UC San Francisco and Neuroscape; Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Jonathan Vanian —Video WHY YOUR BRAIN WASN’T MEANT TO MULTITASK With Adam Gazzaley of UC San Francisco and Neuroscape; Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Erika Fry —Video MEET THE VC BEHIND SOME OF BIOTECH’S BIGGEST HITS With Bryan Roberts of Venrock —Report by Leena Rao —Video Related Market IntelligenceThe Biotech IPO Market May Be Headed for a Comeback Market Intelligence The Biotech IPO Market May Be Headed for a Comeback DEMO: THE IMPLANTABLE DRUG THAT COULD ONE DAY PREVENT HIV With Kurt Graves of Intarcia —Report by Jonathan Vanian —Video WAGING THE WAR ON AIDS: A BATTLE HIGH-TECH AND LOW With Diane Havlir of University of California, San Francisco; Siobhan O’Connor of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin —Video NEW ROLE MODELS: WHY HEALTH AT THE TOP IS GOOD FOR THE BOTTOM LINE With Chip Bergh of Levi Strauss; Barry Sommers J.P. Morgan Chase; Arianna Huffington of Thrive Global —Report by Beth Kowitt —Video THE URGENCY OF NOW: JOE BIDEN AND THE FIGHT AGAINST CANCER With Joseph Biden Jr., 47th Vice President of the United States; David Agus, USC —Report by Sy Mukherjee —Video Day 2 THE SCIENCE OF SLEEP With Mary Carskadon of Brown University; Conor Heneghan of Fitbit; Matthew P. Walker of UC Berkeley; Jamie Zeitzer of Stanford University; Siobhan O’Connor of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin HEALTHCARE FOR 100 MILLION CHILDREN With Maria Cavalcanti of Pro Mujer; Jackie Chang of Facebook; Gary Gottlieb of Partners In Health; Stuart Lustig of Cigna; Raj Panjabi of Last Mile Health; Prem Ramaswami of Google; Jeffrey C. Walker of the United Nations; and Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Sy Mukherjee A NEW PLAYBOOK FOR HEALTHCARE INVESTING With Vishal Amin of Andreessen Horowitz; investor Christine Aylward; Ted Maidenberg of Social Capital; Michael Polansky of Parker Group; John Schilling of TPG Capital; Adam Lashinsky of Fortune —Report by Erika Fry A CEO’S JOURNEY: FROM SELF-DISCOVERY TO DISRUPTION With Mark Bertolini, of Aetna; Alan Murray of Time Inc. —Report by Beth Kowitt —Video THE THREE-PARENT BABY With John Zhang of New Hope Fertility Clinic; David Agus of USC —Report by Leena Rao —Video THE CONSUMER’S CODE: SHARING THE GENOME’S SECRETS With Anu Acharya of Mapmygenome India; women's health advocate Alejandra Campoverdi; Adam Lashinsky of Fortune —Report by Robert Hackett —Video DEMO: CONNECTING HEART EXAMS TO THE CLOUD With Vikram Damodaran of GE Healthcare; Charit Bhograj of Tricog Health —Report by Jeff Roberts —Video CAN THE RIGHT DATA KILL CANCER? With Eric Lefkofsky of Tempus; David Agus of USC —Report by Barb Darrow —Video DEMYSTIFYING AI With Kyu Rhee of IBM; Gene Saragnese of MedyMatch; Morten Sogaard of Pfizer; Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Jonathan Vanian —Video BEYOND EBOLA With Nahid Bhadelia of Boston University School of Medicine; Ronald Klain of Revolution LLC; Raj Panjabi of Last Mile Health; Bryan Walsh of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin —Video HOW ADVENTURE CAN SAVE YOUR LIFE With Jon Levy of The Influencers and author of The 2 AM Principle: Discover The Science of Adventure —Report by Polina Marinova —Video THE MISSING INGREDIENTS IN HEALTHY EATING With John Mackey of Whole Foods Market; Beth Kowitt of Fortune —Report by John Kell —Video CONQUERING FORTRESS BRAIN With Deborah Brooks of The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson’s Research; Elli Kaplan of Neurotrack; David A. Kessler of the University of California, San Francisco; venture capitalist Bill Maris; neuroscientist Olivier Oullier; Mary Varghese Presti of athenahealth; and David Agus of USC —Report by Erika Fry THE ELUSIVE LIQUID BIOPSY With Anna D. Barker of Complex Adaptive Systems; Luis Diaz of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center; Helmy Eltoukhy of Guardant Health; Sam Hanash of MD Anderson Cancer Center; Anirban Maitra of MD Anderson Cancer Center; Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Sy Mukherjee THE MOBILITY OF CARE—FROM TELEMEDICINE TO FLOATING PHYSICIANS With Hill Ferguson of Doctor On Demand; Len Greer of Johnson & Johnson; Charles Koontz of GE Healthcare; Alexi Gharib Nazem of Nomad Health; Gyre Renwick of Lyft; Katherine Ryder of Maven; Unity Stoakes of StartUp Health; Leena Rao of Fortune NEXT FRONTIERS OF FERTILITY With Angie Lee of Celmatix; Mary Jane Minkin of Yale University; Jennifer Tye of Glow; John Zhang of New Hope Fertility Center; Siobhan O’Connor of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin HOW TO SAVE THE PLANET IN A POST-ANTIBIOTIC WORLD With Charles Chiu of UC San Francisco; Jean Patel of the CDC; Jonathan Thomas of the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine; Bryan Walsh of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin —Video DYING HEALTHY With Sandro Galea of Boston University —Report by Tom Huddleston, Jr. —Video SPECIAL AUGMENTED REALITY VISIT With Toby Cosgrove of Cleveland Clinic —Report by Mathew Ingram —Video DISRUPTION BY DESIGN With Mike McNamara of Flex; Leena Rao of Fortune —Report by Jen Wieczner —Video THE NEXT GENERATION OF DRUGS: A SHOT OF INNOVATION With Kurt Graves of Intarcia; Behshad Sheldon of Braeburn Pharmaceuticals; Andrew Thompson of Proteus Digital Health; David Agus of USC —Report by Beth Kowitt —Video TWO STARTUPS, TEN MINUTES With Katelyn Gleason of Eligible; Katherine Ryder of Maven; Leena Rao of Fortune —Video DEMO: NEUROTECH—OUT OF THE LAB. INTO OUR LIVES With Olivier Oullier of World Economic Forum; Yao Zhao of the San Diego Symphony; David Agus of USC —Report by Jonathan Vanian —Video IS HUBRIS HURTING SCIENCE? With Helmy Eltoukhy of Guardant Health; Clifton Leaf of Fortune —Report by Sy Mukherjee —Video DEMO: GAME THEORY With Darrell Stuckey of the National Football League; Erika Fry of Fortune; Will Ahmed of WHOOP —Report by Jonathan Vanian —Video HEALTHCARE WITHOUT BUILDINGS With Yonatan Adiri of Healthy.io; Hill Ferguson of Doctor on Demand; Siobhan O’Connor of Time —Report by Alexandra Sifferlin —Video TAKING A PRIVATE FIGHT PUBLIC With Jimmy “Taboo” Gomez of the Black Eyed Peas; David Agus of USC —Report by Leena Rao —Video Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Anglo American plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maarten Slendebroek Sells 43,577 Shares of Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Stock John Parker Sells 62,696 Shares of Anglo American plc (AAL) Stock Frederick W. Smith Sells 135,000 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Stock Corp Onex Sells 7,491,667 Shares of Emerald Expositions Events Inc (EEX) Stock Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Peel Hunt Reiterates Under Review Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS NTN Buzztime Inc (NTN) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS CIGNA Co. (CI) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Orient Paper Inc (ONP) Issues Earnings Results Hostelworld Group PLC (HSW) Price Target Raised to GBX 375 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Cut by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Landstar System, Inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) B. Riley Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Imperial Capital Comments on Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AAWW) Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) Inogen Inc (INGN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share John Parker Sells 62,696 Shares of Anglo American plc (AAL) Stock May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) insider John Parker sold 62,696 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,107 ($14.29), for a total value of £694,044.72 ($896,119.72). Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) opened at 1015.50 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 12.94 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,186.28 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 1,209.47. Anglo American plc has a 12-month low of GBX 555.20 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,529.01. WARNING: “John Parker Sells 62,696 Shares of Anglo American plc (AAL) Stock” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/john-parker-sells-62696-shares-of-anglo-american-plc-aal-stock.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on Anglo American plc from GBX 1,470 ($18.98) to GBX 1,530 ($19.75) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 1,165 ($15.04) target price on shares of Anglo American plc in a research report on Wednesday. Citigroup Inc decreased their target price on Anglo American plc from GBX 1,450 ($18.72) to GBX 1,400 ($18.08) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc decreased their target price on Anglo American plc from GBX 1,600 ($20.66) to GBX 1,500 ($19.37) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a GBX 575 ($7.42) target price on shares of Anglo American plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Anglo American plc presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,283.33 ($16.57). Anglo American plc Company Profile Anglo American plc is a mining company. The Company has a portfolio of mining operations and undeveloped resources with a focus on diamonds, copper, platinum group metals (PGMs), and bulk commodities and other minerals. Its segments include De Beers, Platinum, Copper, Nickel, Niobium and Phosphates, Iron Ore and Manganese, Coal, and Corporate and other. Receive News & Ratings for Anglo American plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Peel Hunt Reiterates Under Review Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS NTN Buzztime Inc (NTN) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS CIGNA Co. (CI) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Orient Paper Inc (ONP) Issues Earnings Results Hostelworld Group PLC (HSW) Price Target Raised to GBX 375 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Cut by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Landstar System, Inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) B. Riley Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Imperial Capital Comments on Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AAWW) Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) Inogen Inc (INGN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share Amphenol Co. (APH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Analysts Set $44.00 Price Target for ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $18.00 Target Price for P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital in a research note issued on Wednesday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the company. Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.87) price objective on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 180 ($2.32) to GBX 155 ($2.00) and set an “underweight” rating for the company in a report on Friday, March 17th. Liberum Capital upgraded International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from GBX 525 ($6.78) to GBX 700 ($9.04) in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Bank of America Corp set a GBX 500 ($6.46) price objective on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 620 ($8.01) price objective on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 476.86 ($6.16). International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 608.50 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 12.90 billion. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 52 week low of GBX 281.73 and a 52 week high of GBX 610.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 544.53 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 486.58. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be given a dividend of €0.13 ($0.14) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. This represents a yield of 2.03%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sa-iag-rating-reiterated-by-shore-capital.html. About International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA is an airline company that holds the interests in airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. It combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. It has approximately 550 aircrafts to over 280 destinations. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Peel Hunt Reiterates Under Review Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS NTN Buzztime Inc (NTN) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS CIGNA Co. (CI) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Orient Paper Inc (ONP) Issues Earnings Results Hostelworld Group PLC (HSW) Price Target Raised to GBX 375 Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Cut by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Landstar System, Inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LSTR) SunTrust Banks Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) B. Riley Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Imperial Capital Comments on Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AAWW) Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) Inogen Inc (INGN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share Amphenol Co. (APH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Analysts Set $44.00 Price Target for ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $18.00 Target Price for P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) Peel Hunt Reiterates Under Review Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG)‘s stock had its “under review” rating reaffirmed by Peel Hunt in a research note issued on Wednesday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on IAG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 180 ($2.32) to GBX 155 ($2.00) and set an “underweight” rating for the company in a report on Friday, March 17th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a “reduce” rating and set a GBX 490 ($6.33) price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 238 ($3.07) price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.87) price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Bank of America Corp set a GBX 500 ($6.46) price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 476.86 ($6.16). Shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 608.50 on Wednesday. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 52-week low of GBX 281.73 and a 52-week high of GBX 610.50. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 12.90 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 544.53 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 486.58. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be given a €0.13 ($0.14) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. This represents a yield of 2.03%. WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/peel-hunt-reiterates-under-review-rating-for-international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sa-iag.html. About International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA is an airline company that holds the interests in airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. It combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. It has approximately 550 aircrafts to over 280 destinations. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Inogen Inc (INGN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share Amphenol Co. (APH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Analysts Set $44.00 Price Target for ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $18.00 Target Price for P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Very Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Estee Lauder Companies (EL) Stock Price Best Buy Co (BBY) Getting Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Cott Co. (COT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Yaskawa Elec Corp (YASKY) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Price Target to $30.00 Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Osiris Therapeutics (OSIR) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Allianz SE (AZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Given a GBX 2,500 Price Target at Societe Generale DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on May 29th Stonegate Mortgage Corp (SGM) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.10 EPS Inogen Inc (INGN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages forecast that Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) will report earnings per share of $0.12 for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Inogen’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.10 and the highest is $0.15. Inogen reported earnings of $0.11 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 9.1%. The business is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report after the market closes on Tuesday, May 9th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Inogen will report full year earnings of $0.98 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.78 to $1.06. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report earnings of $1.18 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.05 to $1.36. Zacks’ EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for Inogen. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The medical technology company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.15. Inogen had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 7.70%. The business earned $50.85 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $46.19 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.19 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.7% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of research firms recently weighed in on INGN. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Inogen from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Sidoti began coverage on shares of Inogen in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $79.00 price objective for the company. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $83.00 price objective on shares of Inogen in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. TheStreet raised shares of Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Inogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $73.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Inogen Inc (INGN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/inogen-inc-ingn-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-12-per-share.html. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 83.83 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $1.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 86.42 and a beta of 1.07. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $78.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $68.17. Inogen has a 12 month low of $43.16 and a 12 month high of $85.94. In other Inogen news, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $75.28, for a total transaction of $188,200.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,064 shares in the company, valued at approximately $305,937.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Byron Myers sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total transaction of $800,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 45,185 shares in the company, valued at $3,614,800. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 18,750 shares of company stock worth $1,435,588. 5.18% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its stake in Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Redmond Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Inogen by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Redmond Asset Management LLC now owns 16,149 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $1,085,000 after buying an additional 55 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in Inogen by 4.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 1,790 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $138,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in Inogen by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 29,267 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $2,270,000 after buying an additional 114 shares during the period. Finally, Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in Inogen by 3.1% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 6,600 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $512,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Inogen (INGN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allianz SE (AZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Given a GBX 2,500 Price Target at Societe Generale DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on May 29th Stonegate Mortgage Corp (SGM) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.10 EPS Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.11 EPS Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Macquarie Nationwide Fund Advisors Lowers Position in Coach Inc (COH) Baxter Bros Inc. Boosts Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $235,000 Position in E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Reduced by Desjardins Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. Boosts Stake in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Bank of Montreal (BMO) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.43 Per Share, Desjardins Forecasts Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Stake Raised by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Position Increased by Nationwide Fund Advisors The Western Union Company (WU) Position Held by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Taubman Centers, Inc. (TCO) Stake Increased by Nationwide Fund Advisors Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Boosts Stake in Target Co. (TGT) Allianz SE (AZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Allianz SE (NYSE:AZ)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by DZ Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on AZ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Baader Bank restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Allianz SE in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Allianz SE has a consensus rating of “Buy”. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Allianz SE (AZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/allianz-se-az-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-dz-bank-ag.html. About Allianz SE Allianz SE is a financial service company. The Company is the holding company of the Allianz Group (Allianz SE and its subsidiaries). The Company’s segments include Property-Casualty, Life/Health, Asset Management, and Corporate and Other. The Company provides a range of reinsurance coverage, primarily to Allianz insurance entities, as well as to third-party customers. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Getty Images This Bonus Season Is a Dud for London Bankers by Stephen Morris @sjhmorris More stories by Stephen Morris May 5, 2017, 6:01 AM EDT 61% of Deutsche Bank staff complain after CEO slashed pay U.S. firms still pay more than U.K. and European peers Less than a quarter of London’s investment bankers were pleased with their 2016 bonuses, with staff at Deutsche Bank AG the most disgruntled after Chief Executive Officer John Cryan slashed discretionary compensation for many top traders and advisers. By a small margin, those at JPMorgan Chase & Co. were happiest. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Some 61 percent of the German bank’s employees were dissatisfied with their bonuses, followed by 52 percent at Credit Suisse Group AG and 50 percent at BNP Paribas SA, salary benchmarking company Emolument.com said in a statement, citing a survey of 1,640 people at 18 banks. At the other end of the scale, 30 percent of JPMorgan front-office workers were dissatisfied with their variable pay, and 28 percent admitted to being pleased. In aggregate, 23 percent of bankers were happy with their bonuses. European firms’ bankers in the City of London suffered a harsh year for payouts as they fell even further behind Wall Street in trading share, while Brexit has thrown the future of London as a financial center into doubt. As misconduct fines erased billions in profit last year, executives at Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse responded by slashing jobs and giving many senior dealmakers zero bonus, or a “doughnut” in banker parlance. Read More: European Bank Trading Slump Worsens American banks once again paid better than their British or European counterparts, Emolument data show. A London-based vice-president at a U.S. firm got on average 235,000 pounds ($303,880) in total compensation, about 60,000 pounds more than a counterpart at a U.K.-based bank. “High pay does not allay bankers’ frustration with their careers,” said Alice Leguay, co-founder of Emolument. “Banking is no longer perceived as a glamorous job, now highly scrutinized and regulated, with many shackled to it in order to fund their existing lifestyles while awaiting the right opportunity to switch to the hedge fund or private-equity sectors.” Major European firms’ total share of revenue from trading stocks and bonds, which was 35 percent three years ago, dropped below 26 percent for a second straight quarter in the first three months of this year, according to Bloomberg Intelligence data. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Oil Closes Near $46 as Shale Revival Cancels Out OPEC Efforts Why the Retail Crisis Could Be Coming to American Groceries Fed-Up Advertisers Stop Paying More for Smaller TV Audiences Tesla Has a Lot More in Store Than the Model 3 Five Charts That Explain Crude Oil's Sudden Nosedive Toward $45 Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hot Topics Recap: National Small Business Week 2017 NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Following are the latest Small Business Week 2017 news releases and story ideas for reporters, bloggers and media outlets: PROVIDENCE, R.I.–Economic Optimism Prompting Small and Medium Businesses to Invest in Jobs, Technology, Study Finds Source: Citizens Financial Group, Inc. WASHINGTON–Retailers Say Repeal of Swipe Fee Reform Would ‘Undermine Transparency and Competition’ and Harm Consumers Source: National Retail Federation (NRF) BOULDER, Colo.–Brewers Publications Presents How to Brew: Everything You Need to Know to Brew Great Beer Every Time Source: Brewers Association SAN FRANCISCO–Study: Customers, Employees, Trump’s Election Driving Strong Optimism Among U.S. Small Business Owners Source: Womply HERNDON, Va.–Congresswoman Comstock Tours Local Veteran-Led Business, Klas Telecom Government, Whose Innovative Technology Furthers Military Readiness and Lowers Government Costs Source: Klas Telecom RESEARCH TRIANGLE REGION, N.C.–New Study Finds 42 Percent of Small Businesses Turn to Facebook to Boost In-Store Traffic Source: Netsertive PORTLAND, Maine–Travelers Institute Recognizes National Small Business Week with Event in Portland, Maine Source: The Travelers Companies, Inc. RADNOR, Pa.–Small Businesses and Benefits: Capitalizing on the Opportunity to “Wow” Employees Source: Lincoln Financial Group LOS ANGELES–YP to Host Webinar on Five Habits of Local Business Champions During National Small Business Week Source: YP SAN DIEGO–Businesses and Their Employees Now Have Access to Free Cybersecurity Awareness Training Thanks to ESET Source: ESET North America CHICAGO–Groupon and Uptown’s Business Partners Present an Exclusive Discover Uptown Collection, Highlighting the Neighborhood’s Diverse Local Business Offerings Source: Groupon WASHINGTON–JPMorgan Chase Institute’s Local Consumer Commerce Index Shows a 0.7 Percent Decrease in Consumer Spending Growth in January 2017 Source: JPMorgan Chase Institute CINCINNATI–Anticipating Small Business Growth this Year? Not So Fast, Says One Study Source: Fifth Third Bank CHARLOTTE, N.C.–Small Business Confidence in the Economy Jumps 21 Percent in Six Months, According to Bank of America Survey of Small Business Owners Source: Bank of America SAN FRANCISCO–Wells Fargo Announces Small Business Neighborhood Renovation Program Contest Source: Wells Fargo & Company LONDON & NEW YORK–Western Union and UK Department for International Trade to Host ‘RegTech Trade Mission’ in New York Source: The Western Union Company CINCINNATI–Fifth Third Bank’s “What Drives You?” Contest Will Take One Small Business to the Races Source: Fifth Third Bank ARLINGTON, Va.–Steve Case, Chris Lehane and FWD.us to Join Lawmakers at CTA Jobs Summit Source: Consumer Technology Association (CTA) ROCKFORD, Ill.–Cleo CEO Shares Perspective on the Future of Critical Business Information Integration at Software Growth Summit Source: Cleo ATLANTA–YP Supports National Small Business Week by Recognizing Local Business Champions Source: YP About Business Wire Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution andregulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at BusinessWire.com and the BusinessWired blog; follow updates on Twitter:@businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alliance MMA Expands Promotional Reach to Georgia Next PostNext Global DRAM Market – Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2021 – Shift of DRAM Applications from PCs to Mobile Devices – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Pacific Holidays Inc. Unveils Top Notch European Vacation Packages Pacific Holidays Inc. Unveils Top Notch European Vacation Packages Sun Acquisitions Has Been Engaged to Sell Auto Repair and Towing Business in Illinois Sun Acquisitions Has Been Engaged to Sell Auto Repair and Towing Business in Illinois Sun Acquisitions Has Been Engaged to Sell Auto Repair and Towing Business in Illinois RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot Topics Recap: National Small Business Week 2017 May 05, 2017 08:08 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Small Business Week 2017 news releases and story ideas for reporters, bloggers and media outlets: PROVIDENCE, R.I.--Economic Optimism Prompting Small and Medium Businesses to Invest in Jobs, Technology, Study Finds Source: Citizens Financial Group, Inc. WASHINGTON--Retailers Say Repeal of Swipe Fee Reform Would ‘Undermine Transparency and Competition’ and Harm Consumers Source: National Retail Federation (NRF) BOULDER, Colo.--Brewers Publications Presents How to Brew: Everything You Need to Know to Brew Great Beer Every Time Source: Brewers Association SAN FRANCISCO--Study: Customers, Employees, Trump’s Election Driving Strong Optimism Among U.S. Small Business Owners Source: Womply HERNDON, Va.--Congresswoman Comstock Tours Local Veteran-Led Business, Klas Telecom Government, Whose Innovative Technology Furthers Military Readiness and Lowers Government Costs Source: Klas Telecom RESEARCH TRIANGLE REGION, N.C.--New Study Finds 42 Percent of Small Businesses Turn to Facebook to Boost In-Store Traffic Source: Netsertive PORTLAND, Maine--Travelers Institute Recognizes National Small Business Week with Event in Portland, Maine Source: The Travelers Companies, Inc. RADNOR, Pa.--Small Businesses and Benefits: Capitalizing on the Opportunity to “Wow” Employees Source: Lincoln Financial Group LOS ANGELES--YP to Host Webinar on Five Habits of Local Business Champions During National Small Business Week Source: YP SAN DIEGO--Businesses and Their Employees Now Have Access to Free Cybersecurity Awareness Training Thanks to ESET Source: ESET North America CHICAGO--Groupon and Uptown’s Business Partners Present an Exclusive Discover Uptown Collection, Highlighting the Neighborhood’s Diverse Local Business Offerings Source: Groupon WASHINGTON--JPMorgan Chase Institute’s Local Consumer Commerce Index Shows a 0.7 Percent Decrease in Consumer Spending Growth in January 2017 Source: JPMorgan Chase Institute CINCINNATI--Anticipating Small Business Growth this Year? Not So Fast, Says One Study Source: Fifth Third Bank CHARLOTTE, N.C.--Small Business Confidence in the Economy Jumps 21 Percent in Six Months, According to Bank of America Survey of Small Business Owners Source: Bank of America SAN FRANCISCO--Wells Fargo Announces Small Business Neighborhood Renovation Program Contest Source: Wells Fargo & Company LONDON & NEW YORK--Western Union and UK Department for International Trade to Host ‘RegTech Trade Mission’ in New York Source: The Western Union Company CINCINNATI--Fifth Third Bank’s “What Drives You?” Contest Will Take One Small Business to the Races Source: Fifth Third Bank ARLINGTON, Va.--Steve Case, Chris Lehane and FWD.us to Join Lawmakers at CTA Jobs Summit Source: Consumer Technology Association (CTA) ROCKFORD, Ill.--Cleo CEO Shares Perspective on the Future of Critical Business Information Integration at Software Growth Summit Source: Cleo ATLANTA--YP Supports National Small Business Week by Recognizing Local Business Champions Source: YP About Business Wire Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution andregulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at BusinessWire.com and the BusinessWired blog; follow updates on Twitter:@businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. Contacts Business Wire, New York Mike Maguire, +1 212-752-9600 Twitter: @BWSportsWire Release Summary Recap of stories on Business Wire related to Small Business Week 2017. Social Media Profiles Business Wire on Facebook Business Wire on Twitter Business Wire on Pinterest Contacts Business Wire, New York Mike Maguire, +1 212-752-9600 Twitter: @BWSportsWire Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for Just Eat PLC (JE) MINDBODY Inc (MB) Cut to “Sector Weight” at Pacific Crest 4,777 Shares in Nucor Co. (NUE) Acquired by State of Alaska Department of Revenue United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Stake Raised by Retirement Systems of Alabama Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Director Acquires $88,920.00 in Stock Retirement Systems of Alabama Purchases New Stake in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Insider Robert Jon Coward Sells 1,500 Shares Financial Engines Inc (FNGN) Position Boosted by State of Alaska Department of Revenue Hubbell Incorporated (HUBB) Shares Bought by State of Alaska Department of Revenue iShares Barclays 20+ Yr Treas.Bond (TLT) Short Interest Update Retirement Systems of Alabama Acquires 6,325 Shares of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Insider Buying: United Co.s Limited (UNC) Insider Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) Stake Maintained by Huntington National Bank Syntel, Inc. (SYNT) Insider Purchases $35,410.38 in Stock Short Interest in ImmunoGen, Inc. (IMGN) Declines By 8.2% Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $7.335 Million Stake in Oceaneering International (OII) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Shares Bought by Retirement Systems of Alabama CPI Card Group Inc (PMTS) Hits New 52-Week Low on Disappointing Earnings Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a report released on Wednesday. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. BNP Paribas restated an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 57 ($0.74) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. AlphaValue restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 91.50 ($1.18) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 75 ($0.97) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 58 ($0.75) target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 70 ($0.90) to GBX 75 ($0.97) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 70.66 ($0.91). Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 69.99 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 49.42 billion. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 47.10 and a 12-month high of GBX 74.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 66.27 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 63.68. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 2.20 ($0.03) per share. This is a boost from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. This represents a yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other news, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio bought 5,107 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 63 ($0.81) per share, with a total value of £3,217.41 ($4,154.18). Also, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.89), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($129,917.78). Over the last quarter, insiders have purchased 5,699 shares of company stock valued at $362,019. Lloyds Banking Group PLC Company Profile Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades US Concrete Inc (USCR) to “Hold” Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) T2 Biosystems Inc (TTOO) PT Lowered to $6.00 First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Roth Capital Analysts Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given a $120.00 Price Target by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Norbord Inc. (OSB) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for goeasy Ltd (GSY) Reduced by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Uni Select Inc (UNS) Reduced by Analyst Facebook Inc (FB) Short Interest Down 3.6% in April Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $613,000 Stake in Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Stake Decreased by Capstone Asset Management Co. Installed Building Products Inc (IBP) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. 178,519 Shares in Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Acquired by Bank of Montreal Can Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Position Boosted by Bank of Montreal Can ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Stake Decreased by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Sells 1,870,754 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Visa Inc (V) Position Reduced by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Paddy Power Plc (PAP) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given a $120.00 Price Target by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been assigned a $120.00 target price by equities research analysts at Rosenblatt Securities in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “hold” rating on the iPhone maker’s stock. Rosenblatt Securities’ target price suggests a potential downside of 18.11% from the stock’s previous close. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $133.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. UBS Group AG raised their price objective on shares of Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Vetr upgraded shares of Apple from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $133.51 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus restated a “reduce” rating and set a $115.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, forty have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $151.31. Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 146.53 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $142.90 and its 200-day moving average is $126.54. Apple has a 12-month low of $89.47 and a 12-month high of $148.09. The stock has a market cap of $768.78 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.59 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm earned $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. On average, analysts expect that Apple will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $0.63 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.72%. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given a $120.00 Price Target by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/apple-inc-aapl-given-a-120-00-price-target-by-rosenblatt-securities-analysts.html. In other Apple news, insider Johny Srouji sold 13,207 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $136.37, for a total value of $1,801,038.59. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 98,012 shares in the company, valued at $13,365,896.44. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Craig Federighi sold 70,627 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $135.30, for a total value of $9,555,833.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 439,855 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $59,512,381.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 186,732 shares of company stock worth $25,914,734 over the last ninety days. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JJJ Advisors Inc. increased its position in Apple by 0.9% in the first quarter. JJJ Advisors Inc. now owns 1,533 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $220,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Stonehearth Capital Management LLC increased its position in Apple by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stonehearth Capital Management LLC now owns 2,378 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $342,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Noven Financial Group Inc. increased its position in Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Noven Financial Group Inc. now owns 7,396 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $857,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. increased its position in Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 7,859 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $910,000 after buying an additional 24 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sippican Capital Advisors increased its position in Apple by 0.5% in the first quarter. Sippican Capital Advisors now owns 4,912 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $706,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rotork p.l.c. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Visa Inc (V) Position Reduced by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Paddy Power Plc (PAP) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Premier African Minerals Ltd (PREM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Pennon Group plc (PNN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Paddy Power Betfair Plc (PPB) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Paddy Power Betfair Plc (PPB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Rotork p.l.c.’s (ROR) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Affimed NV (AFMD) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Roth Capital Analysts Give Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) a $27.00 Price Target Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX) PT Set at $4.00 by Maxim Group Roth Capital Reiterates $130.00 Price Target for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Jefferies Group Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Time Warner Inc (TWX) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Encore Wire Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WIRE) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Yum! Brands, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (YUM) Tenet Healthcare Corp Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.07) Per Share (THC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. Increased by SunTrust Banks (OAS) Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by equities researchers at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Rotork p.l.c. to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 265 ($3.42) in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Liberum Capital reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a report on Monday, February 27th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Rotork p.l.c. to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 250 ($3.23) in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.23) target price on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.62) target price on shares of Rotork p.l.c. in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 229.44 ($2.96). Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) opened at 237.20 on Wednesday. Rotork p.l.c. has a 12 month low of GBX 173.97 and a 12 month high of GBX 269.40. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 250.64 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 242.17. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.06 billion. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 3.15 ($0.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. This is a boost from Rotork p.l.c.’s previous dividend of $1.95. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/rotork-p-l-c-ror-rating-reiterated-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In related news, insider Stephen Rhys Jones sold 4,821 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 247 ($3.19), for a total value of £11,907.87 ($15,374.91). About Rotork p.l.c. Rotork Plc is a United Kingdom-based actuator manufacturer and flow control company. The Company operates through four segments: Controls, Fluid Systems, Gears and Instruments. The Controls segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of electric actuators. The Fluid Systems segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of pneumatic and hydraulic actuators. Receive News & Ratings for Rotork p.l.c. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork p.l.c. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Imperial Brands PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €55.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gentherm Inc (THRM) Price Target Increased to $47.00 by Analysts at Barrington Research Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Given a GBX 4,200 Price Target at Berenberg Bank Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Price Target to $45.00 Cerner Co. (CERN) Given Hold Rating at Barclays PLC Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Short Interest Down 3.8% in April Short Interest in JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Decreases By 5.2% Osisko Mining Corp (OSKFF) Now Covered by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Career Education Corp. (CECO) Sets New 1-Year High on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Norges Bank Buys New Stake in Stage Stores Inc (SSI) 93,800 Shares in Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Acquired by Norges Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Bought by Origin Asset Management LLP Norges Bank Takes Position in Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Increased by Lincluden Management Ltd. 8,819 Shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Acquired by Elkhorn Investments LLC Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Raises Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Sold by Auxier Asset Management Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Given a GBX 4,200 Price Target at Berenberg Bank May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMT) received a GBX 4,200 ($54.23) target price from equities research analysts at Berenberg Bank in a research note issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Berenberg Bank’s target price suggests a potential upside of 14.19% from the company’s previous close. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 4,300 ($55.52) target price on Imperial Brands PLC and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 3,640 ($47.00) target price on Imperial Brands PLC and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their target price on Imperial Brands PLC from GBX 4,350 ($56.17) to GBX 4,100 ($52.94) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday. Whitman Howard reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 5,100 ($65.85) target price on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 4,130 ($53.32) target price on Imperial Brands PLC and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 4,165.71 ($53.79). Shares of Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMT) opened at 3678.00 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 3,654.35 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 3,758.37. Imperial Brands PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 3,324.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 4,154.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Given a GBX 4,200 Price Target at Berenberg Bank” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/imperial-brands-plc-imt-given-a-gbx-4200-price-target-at-berenberg-bank.html. Imperial Brands PLC Company Profile Imperial Brands PLC, formerly Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, is a fast-moving consumer goods company. The Company offers a range of cigarettes, fine cut and smokeless tobaccos, papers and cigars. The Company’s segments include Growth Markets, USA, Returns Markets North, Returns Markets South and Logistics. Receive News & Ratings for Imperial Brands PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sse Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sse Plc (SSE) PT Lowered to GBX 1,400 at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given “Underweight” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Esure Group PLC’s (ESUR) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. State Street Corp Has $2.455 Million Position in Bats Global Markets Inc (BATS) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Egalet Corp (EGLT) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Wingstop Inc (WING) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Cuts Position in Destination Maternity Corp (DEST) Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Rightside Group Ltd (NAME) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.998 Million Position in Northern Technologies International Corp (NTIC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $1.984 Million Position in Manning and Napier Inc (MN) 408,133 Shares in Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold TheStreet Lowers Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) to C Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Glen Burnie Bancorp (GLBZ) Upgraded at TheStreet Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Oclaro (OCLR) Sse Plc (SSE) PT Lowered to GBX 1,400 at Jefferies Group LLC May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Sse Plc (LON:SSE) had its price target decreased by research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 1,550 ($20.01) to GBX 1,400 ($18.08) in a report released on Friday. The firm presently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price target indicates a potential downside of 0.43% from the stock’s current price. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Citigroup Inc restated a “sell” rating and set a GBX 1,300 ($16.79) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. HSBC Holdings plc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,420 ($18.33) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, Barclays PLC reduced their price target on shares of Sse Plc from GBX 1,765 ($22.79) to GBX 1,695 ($21.89) and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,567.25 ($20.24). Shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) opened at 1399.85 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,464.85 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,509.09. The stock’s market cap is GBX 14.11 billion. Sse Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 1,369.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,644.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Sse Plc (SSE) PT Lowered to GBX 1,400 at Jefferies Group LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/sse-plc-sse-pt-lowered-to-gbx-1400-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. About Sse Plc SSE plc is engaged in producing, distributing and supplying electricity and gas, as well as other energy-related services to homes and businesses in Great Britain and Ireland. The Company’s segments include Networks, which consists of electricity distribution, electricity transmission and gas distribution; Retail, which consists of energy supply, enterprise and energy-related services, and Wholesale, which consists of energy portfolio management and electricity generation, gas storage and gas production. Receive News & Ratings for Sse Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Centurylink Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold TheStreet Lowers Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) to C Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Glen Burnie Bancorp (GLBZ) Upgraded at TheStreet Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Oclaro (OCLR) Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Merck & Co. (MRK) Healthcare Trust Of America Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (HTA) Chicago Bridge & Iron Company Sees Unusually High Options Volume (CBI) KeyCorp Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Cut by Analyst Portland General Electric Company (POR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Hitachi Const Mach (HTCMY) to “Strong-Buy” Beaufort Securities Initiates Coverage on Action Hotels PLC (AHCG) B&M European Value Retail SA (BME) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG BP plc (BP) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Centurylink Inc (NYSE:CTL) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday. Vetr currently has $27.12 target price on the technology company’s stock. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on CTL. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Centurylink from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $29.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Moffett Nathanson assumed coverage on shares of Centurylink in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. They issued a neutral rating and a $23.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Centurylink from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $28.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a sell rating and issued a $19.00 price objective on shares of Centurylink in a research report on Saturday, March 25th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an overweight rating and issued a $27.00 price objective on shares of Centurylink in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $26.70. Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) opened at 23.74 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $12.98 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.47 and a beta of 0.83. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $24.40 and a 200-day moving average price of $24.75. Centurylink has a 12-month low of $22.33 and a 12-month high of $33.45. Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The technology company reported $0.52 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.01. The firm earned $4.21 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.27 billion. Centurylink had a net margin of 3.58% and a return on equity of 9.58%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 4.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.71 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Centurylink will post $2.16 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/centurylink-inc-ctl-upgraded-to-buy-by-vetr-inc.html. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Exane Derivatives boosted its position in shares of Centurylink by 29.7% in the first quarter. Exane Derivatives now owns 5,209 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $123,000 after buying an additional 1,194 shares during the last quarter. Independent Advisor Alliance bought a new position in shares of Centurylink during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $142,000. Focused Wealth Management Inc boosted its position in shares of Centurylink by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. Focused Wealth Management Inc now owns 6,308 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $150,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Centurylink by 16.1% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 7,200 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $197,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ledyard National Bank boosted its position in shares of Centurylink by 7,467.0% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 7,340 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 7,243 shares during the last quarter. 73.98% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Centurylink Company Profile CenturyLink, Inc is an integrated communications company. The Company is engaged in providing an array of communications services to its residential and business customers. Its segments include business, which provides strategic, legacy and data integration products and services to small, medium and enterprise business, wholesale and governmental customers, including other communication providers, and consumer, which provides strategic and legacy products and services to residential customers. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Centurylink Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BP plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News B&M European Value Retail SA (BME) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG BP plc (BP) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Diageo plc (DGE) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bojangles Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.22 Per Share (BOJA) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Cytokinetics, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CYTK) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CONSOL Energy Inc. Cut by SunTrust Banks (CNX) Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Short Interest Update Citigroup Inc (C) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Vetr Inc. Downgrades Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) to Sell Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. BTIG Research Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for H & R Block Inc (HRB) Intel Corp (INQ) Given a $30.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Huron Consulting Group (HURN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research BP plc (BP) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BP plc (LON:BP)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays PLC in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 625 ($8.07) price target on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. Barclays PLC’s price target suggests a potential upside of 40.51% from the company’s previous close. BP has been the topic of several other reports. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 590 ($7.62) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 560 ($7.23) price target on shares of BP plc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 505 ($6.52) price target on shares of BP plc and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 530 ($6.84) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price target on shares of BP plc from GBX 505 ($6.52) to GBX 515 ($6.65) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 517.52 ($6.68). BP plc (LON:BP) opened at 442.44 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 456.72 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 470.77. BP plc has a 12-month low of GBX 349.35 and a 12-month high of GBX 521.20. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 86.01 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be paid a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.71%. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/bp-plc-bp-rating-reiterated-by-barclays-plc.html. In other news, insider Nils Smedegaard Andersen purchased 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 20th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 446 ($5.76) per share, with a total value of £133,800 ($172,756.62). Also, insider Brian Gilvary purchased 70 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 10th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 459 ($5.93) per share, with a total value of £321.30 ($414.85). BP plc Company Profile BP p.l.c. is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company owns an interest in OJSC Oil Company Rosneft (Rosneft), an oil and gas company. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Receive News & Ratings for BP plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortis Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Fortis Inc (FTS) TD Securities Increases Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst (DIR.UN) Price Target to C$8.50 Enbridge’s (ENB) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Constellation Software Inc. (CSU) Capital Power Corp (CPX) Price Target Raised to C$30.00 Constellation Software Inc. (CSU) Given New C$650.00 Price Target at CIBC Potbelly Corp (PBPB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Nexstar Media Group Inc (NXST) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research On Track Innovations Ltd (OTIV) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Nivalis Therapeutics Inc (NVLS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Wpp Plc (WPP) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Chevron (CVX) Walt Disney Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (DIS) BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 343 Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Fortis Inc (FTS) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet Fortis Inc (TSE:FTS)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Scotiabank in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a C$49.00 price objective on the stock. Scotiabank’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 9.94% from the stock’s current price. FTS has been the subject of a number of other research reports. TD Securities restated a “buy” rating and issued a C$48.00 target price on shares of Fortis in a research note on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a C$44.00 target price on shares of Fortis in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered Fortis from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating and issued a C$52.00 target price on shares of Fortis in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, CIBC upgraded Fortis from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of C$48.10. Shares of Fortis (TSE:FTS) opened at 44.57 on Wednesday. Fortis has a 52-week low of $38.77 and a 52-week high of $45.13. The stock has a market cap of $17.90 billion and a PE ratio of 23.59. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $44.05 and its 200-day moving average price is $42.30. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.59%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/scotiabank-reiterates-outperform-rating-for-fortis-inc-fts.html. About Fortis Fortis Inc is a Canada-based electric and gas utility holding company. The Company’s segments include Regulated Utilities and Non-Regulated Utilities. The Regulated Utilities segment includes Regulated Electric & Gas Utilities-the United States, which consists of ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC Holdings), UNS Energy Corporation and Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corporation (Central Hudson); Gas & Electric Utilities-Canadian, which consists of FortisAlberta Inc (FortisAlberta), FortisBC Energy Inc (FortisBC Energy), FortisBC Inc (FortisBC Electric) and Newfoundland Power Inc (Newfoundland Power); Electric Utilities-Caribbean, which includes its ownership interest in Caribbean Utilities Company, Ltd., Fortis Turks and Caicos, and its investment in Belize Electricity Limited. Receive News & Ratings for Fortis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wpp Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Potbelly Corp (PBPB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Nexstar Media Group Inc (NXST) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research On Track Innovations Ltd (OTIV) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Nivalis Therapeutics Inc (NVLS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Wpp Plc (WPP) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Chevron (CVX) Walt Disney Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (DIS) BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 343 Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target UBM Plc (UBM) Earns Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Medpace Holdings Inc Cut by KeyCorp (MEDP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Mastercard Inc Reduced by SunTrust Banks (MA) WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Winpak Ltd. (WPK) Downgraded by TD Securities to “Hold” Scotiabank Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Wpp Plc (WPP) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reiterated their buy rating on shares of Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) in a research report sent to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on the company. HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,000 ($25.82) target price on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. BNP Paribas restated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 2,150 ($27.76) target price on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. Beaufort Securities restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,075 ($26.79) target price on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 2,050 ($26.47) target price on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and sixteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 1,965.20 ($25.37). Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) opened at 1691.00 on Monday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,705.79 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,766.48. The firm’s market cap is GBX 21.50 billion. Wpp Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,204.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,928.07. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/deutsche-bank-ag-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-wpp-plc-wpp-2.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be given a GBX 37.05 ($0.48) dividend. This is an increase from Wpp Plc’s previous dividend of $19.55. This represents a yield of 2.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. In other Wpp Plc news, insider Sir Martin Sorrell sold 57,522 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,720 ($22.21), for a total value of £989,378.40 ($1,277,441.45). Wpp Plc Company Profile WPP plc (WPP) operates in four segments: Advertising and Media Investment Management; Consumer Insight; Public Relations & Public Affairs, and Branding & Identity, Healthcare and Specialist Communications. Advertising and Media Investment Management, where it operates advertising networks Ogilvy & Mather Advertising, JWT, Y&R, Grey, bates and the United Network. Receive News & Ratings for Wpp Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vedanta Resources plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vedanta Resources plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Potbelly Corp (PBPB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Nexstar Media Group Inc (NXST) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research On Track Innovations Ltd (OTIV) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Nivalis Therapeutics Inc (NVLS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Wpp Plc (WPP) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Call Options on Chevron (CVX) Walt Disney Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (DIS) BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 343 Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target UBM Plc (UBM) Earns Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Medpace Holdings Inc Cut by KeyCorp (MEDP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Mastercard Inc Reduced by SunTrust Banks (MA) WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Winpak Ltd. (WPK) Downgraded by TD Securities to “Hold” Scotiabank Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Vedanta Resources plc (LON:VED)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating restated by Barclays PLC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. They presently have a GBX 600 ($7.75) target price on the stock. Barclays PLC’s target price indicates a potential upside of 1.10% from the company’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Vedanta Resources plc to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 950 ($12.27) price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 950 ($12.27) price objective on shares of Vedanta Resources plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Deutsche Bank AG dropped their price objective on Vedanta Resources plc from GBX 1,050 ($13.56) to GBX 1,000 ($12.91) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price objective on Vedanta Resources plc from GBX 850 ($10.97) to GBX 700 ($9.04) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG raised Vedanta Resources plc to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from GBX 750 ($9.68) to GBX 800 ($10.33) in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 810 ($10.46). Shares of Vedanta Resources plc (LON:VED) opened at 586.50 on Wednesday. Vedanta Resources plc has a 1-year low of GBX 341.50 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,112.50. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 770.82 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 865.78. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.62 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/vedanta-resources-plc-ved-rating-reiterated-by-barclays-plc.html. About Vedanta Resources plc Vedanta Resources plc is a natural resources company, which is engaged in exploring, extracting and processing minerals, and oil and gas. The Company produces zinc, lead, silver, copper, aluminum, iron ore, oil and gas, and commercial power. Its operations are located in India, Zambia, Namibia, South Africa, Liberia, Ireland, Australia and the United Arab Emirates. Receive News & Ratings for Vedanta Resources plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vedanta Resources plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 343 Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target UBM Plc (UBM) Earns Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Medpace Holdings Inc Cut by KeyCorp (MEDP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Mastercard Inc Reduced by SunTrust Banks (MA) WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Winpak Ltd. (WPK) Downgraded by TD Securities to “Hold” Scotiabank Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) TD Securities Lowers Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Price Target to C$59.00 American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald TriNet Group Inc (TNET) PT Raised to $37.00 Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cray Inc. (CRAY) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 180 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Expedia Inc (EXPE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Dividend Announcement Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €185.00 ($201.09) target price on Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) in a research report released on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €165.00 ($179.35) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €190.00 ($206.52) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Barclays PLC set a €159.00 ($172.83) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Commerzbank Ag set a €200.00 ($217.39) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €199.00 ($216.30) price objective on shares of Allianz SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €176.30 ($191.64). Shares of Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 173.22 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €172.09 and its 200-day moving average is €159.65. The company has a market cap of €78.83 billion and a P/E ratio of 11.55. Allianz SE has a 12 month low of €118.40 and a 12 month high of €177.77. WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/deutsche-bank-ag-analysts-give-allianz-se-alv-a-185-00-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 343 Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target UBM Plc (UBM) Earns Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Medpace Holdings Inc Cut by KeyCorp (MEDP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Mastercard Inc Reduced by SunTrust Banks (MA) WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Winpak Ltd. (WPK) Downgraded by TD Securities to “Hold” Scotiabank Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) TD Securities Lowers Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Price Target to C$59.00 American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald TriNet Group Inc (TNET) PT Raised to $37.00 Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cray Inc. (CRAY) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 180 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Expedia Inc (EXPE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Dividend Announcement Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €106.00 ($115.22) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) in a report published on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Warburg Research set a €135.00 ($146.74) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €132.00 ($143.48) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Barclays PLC set a €112.40 ($122.17) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €130.00 ($141.30) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €124.08 ($134.87). Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 125.866 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of €54.66 billion and a PE ratio of 26.627. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €121.94 and a 200-day moving average price of €116.03. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52 week low of €96.00 and a 52 week high of €126.94. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-henkel-ag-106-00-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 343 Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €106.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €185.00 Price Target UBM Plc (UBM) Earns Neutral Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Medpace Holdings Inc Cut by KeyCorp (MEDP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Mastercard Inc Reduced by SunTrust Banks (MA) WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Winpak Ltd. (WPK) Downgraded by TD Securities to “Hold” Scotiabank Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) TD Securities Lowers Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Price Target to C$59.00 American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald TriNet Group Inc (TNET) PT Raised to $37.00 Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cray Inc. (CRAY) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 180 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Expedia Inc (EXPE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Dividend Announcement Macquarie Raises Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Price Target to GBX 290 May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (LON:RBS) had its price objective lifted by research analysts at Macquarie from GBX 270 ($3.49) to GBX 290 ($3.74) in a research note issued to investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has an “outperform” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Macquarie’s price objective points to a potential upside of 8.61% from the company’s current price. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Shore Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 190 ($2.45) to GBX 220 ($2.84) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 260 ($3.36) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 235 ($3.03) to GBX 255 ($3.29) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 185 ($2.39) price objective on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 232.28 ($3.00). Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (LON:RBS) opened at 267.00 on Friday. Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 148.40 and a 52 week high of GBX 267.30. The firm’s market cap is GBX 31.46 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 242.57 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 224.29. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/macquarie-raises-royal-bank-of-scotland-group-plc-rbs-price-target-to-gbx-290.html. In other news, insider Ewen Stevenson bought 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 234 ($3.02) per share, with a total value of £70,200 ($90,639.12). Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc Company Profile The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) is a banking and financial services company. The Company provides a range of products and services to personal, commercial, corporate and institutional customers, through its subsidiaries, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and National Westminster Bank Plc (NatWest), as well as through other brands, including Ulster Bank and Coutts. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Price Target Raised to $66.00 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Aetna Inc (AET) Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Price Target Raised to $42.00 at Jefferies Group LLC Allstate Corp (ALL) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Cut to Market Perform at Citigroup Inc Norges Bank Takes Position in Sodastream International Ltd (SODA) Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Denison Mines Corp (DNN) 240,911 Shares in Walter Investment Management Corp (WAC) Acquired by Norges Bank General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by Putnam Investments LLC Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Sold by Archford Capital Strategies LLC Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Sold by Denver Investment Advisors LLC Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $113,000 Stake in TransUnion (TRU) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 2,071 Shares of Liberty Interactive Co. – Series A Liberty Ventures (LVNTA) Renaissance Technologies LLC Decreases Position in Craft Brew Alliance Inc (BREW) Scge Management L.P. Takes Position in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Autohome Inc (ATHM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reiterates Hold Rating for Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MNTA) Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Reaches New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Goldman Sachs Group Inc Downgrades Barclays PLC (BARC) to Sell May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance Tweet Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) was downgraded by stock analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc to a “sell” rating in a research note issued on Friday. They presently have a GBX 180 ($2.32) price target on the financial services provider’s stock, down from their prior price target of GBX 250 ($3.23). Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 15.03% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price target on shares of Barclays PLC from GBX 267 ($3.45) to GBX 250 ($3.23) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Friday, April 21st. Jefferies Group LLC set a GBX 232 ($3.00) price target on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on shares of Barclays PLC in a report on Thursday, April 20th. S&P Global set a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.91) price target on shares of Barclays PLC in a report on Tuesday. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Barclays PLC presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 220.11 ($2.84). Shares of Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) opened at 208.30 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 35.32 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 219.15 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 219.02. Barclays PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 121.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 267.32. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were given a dividend of GBX 2 ($0.03) per share. This is a boost from Barclays PLC’s previous dividend of $1.00. This represents a dividend yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/barclays-plc-barc-given-a-gbx-180-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. In other news, insider Ian Cheshire bought 50,000 shares of Barclays PLC stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 210 ($2.71) per share, with a total value of £105,000 ($135,571.34). About Barclays PLC Barclays PLC is a global financial services holding company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. The Company’s segments include Barclays UK and Barclays International. The Barclays UK segment includes the local consumer, small business, the United Kingdom wealth and credit cards business. Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by TheStreet to “B-“ TheStreet Upgrades Sprint Corp (S) to C+ Halyard Health Inc (HYH) Downgraded by TheStreet NEXT plc (NXT) PT Lowered to GBX 4,650 at Deutsche Bank AG Peel Hunt Boosts KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Price Target to GBX 600 Curtis Banks Group PLC (CBP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Stock Price Down 5.1% on Disappointing Earnings Desjardins Comments on Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DIR) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Renasant Corp. Lifted by Analyst (RNST) Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.11 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give The Carlyle Group LP (CG) a $21.00 Price Target Maxim Group Reiterates $6.00 Price Target for Proteon Therapeutics Inc (PRTO) Pieris Pharmaceuticals Inc (PIRS) Raised to C- at TheStreet Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) a $32.00 Price Target iPass Inc. (IPAS) Given a $3.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Facebook Inc (FB) Given a $185.00 Price Target at Wedbush Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Earns Hold Rating from Pacific Crest TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by TheStreet to “B-“ May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) was upgraded by equities research analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. Several other research firms have also issued reports on TTMI. Zacks Investment Research raised TTM Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Saturday, February 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised TTM Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $21.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price target on TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price target on shares of TTM Technologies in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. TTM Technologies has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $19.00. Shares of TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) opened at 16.64 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $1.67 billion, a PE ratio of 48.94 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies has a 12-month low of $6.23 and a 12-month high of $17.86. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $16.10 and its 200-day moving average is $14.81. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The technology company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.13. The business had revenue of $625.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $615 million. TTM Technologies had a return on equity of 15.90% and a net margin of 1.38%. The business’s revenue was up 7.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.14 EPS. Equities analysts expect that TTM Technologies will post $1.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by TheStreet to “B-“” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi-upgraded-by-thestreet-to-b.html. In other TTM Technologies news, insider Douglas L. Soder sold 7,714 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $16.64, for a total value of $128,360.96. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 84,566 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,407,178.24. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider William Kent Hardwick sold 3,413 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $16.58, for a total value of $56,587.54. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 37,555 shares in the company, valued at $622,661.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 4,123,682 shares of company stock worth $64,832,718. Corporate insiders own 28.40% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 42.1% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 33,449 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $540,000 after buying an additional 9,907 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 245.4% in the first quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 10,950 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $177,000 after buying an additional 7,780 shares in the last quarter. Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 77.0% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 158,557 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,691,000 after buying an additional 68,978 shares in the last quarter. 361 Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of TTM Technologies during the first quarter valued at $171,000. Finally, LSV Asset Management raised its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 38.0% in the first quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 423,700 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $6,834,000 after buying an additional 116,700 shares in the last quarter. 80.99% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TTM Technologies Company Profile TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Analysts Give Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) a $39.00 Price Target Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) PT Set at $103.00 by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Trevena Inc (TRVN) PT Set at $10.00 by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Concho Resources Inc (CXO) PT Set at $156.00 by Scotiabank Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by TheStreet to “B-“ TheStreet Upgrades Sprint Corp (S) to C+ Halyard Health Inc (HYH) Downgraded by TheStreet NEXT plc (NXT) PT Lowered to GBX 4,650 at Deutsche Bank AG Peel Hunt Boosts KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Price Target to GBX 600 Curtis Banks Group PLC (CBP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Stock Price Down 5.1% on Disappointing Earnings Desjardins Comments on Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DIR) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Renasant Corp. Lifted by Analyst (RNST) Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.11 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give The Carlyle Group LP (CG) a $21.00 Price Target Maxim Group Reiterates $6.00 Price Target for Proteon Therapeutics Inc (PRTO) Pieris Pharmaceuticals Inc (PIRS) Raised to C- at TheStreet Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Analysts Give Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) a $39.00 Price Target May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) has been assigned a $39.00 price target by investment analysts at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm presently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc’s target price would indicate a potential downside of 0.38% from the company’s previous close. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on the stock. ABN Amro reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Citigroup Inc downgraded shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price target on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Friday, March 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, eight have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $43.72. Shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) opened at 39.15 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $18.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.74 and a beta of 1.01. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $37.51 and a 200-day moving average of $35.27. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 52-week low of $30.55 and a 52-week high of $54.37. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a net margin of 8.49% and a return on equity of 21.76%. The company had revenue of $2.58 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.54 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.53 earnings per share. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s quarterly revenue was up 58.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.26 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 24th. Investors of record on Monday, April 10th were issued a $0.2261 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 6th. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.31%. This is a boost from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s payout ratio is 31.98%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Analysts Give Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) a $39.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/susquehanna-bancshares-inc-analysts-give-coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-a-39-00-price-target.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in CCE. Creative Planning boosted its position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 61.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 3,696 shares of the company’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 1,402 shares during the period. Pinnacle Bank acquired a new position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the first quarter worth $182,000. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc acquired a new position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the first quarter worth $211,000. Raymond James Trust N.A. acquired a new position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the first quarter worth $221,000. Finally, BB&T Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth $222,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 31.73% of the company’s stock. About Coca-Cola European Partners plc Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €38.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) Given a €149.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Vivendi SA (VIV) a €22.00 Price Target DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Linde AG (LIN) Linde AG (LIN) PT Set at €174.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Earns Buy Rating from DZ Bank AG Barclays PLC Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €174.00 Price Target Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Pegasystems Inc. Issued By Wedbush (PEGA) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Heska Corp (HSKA) Scotiabank Reaffirms Buy Rating for Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Daseke Inc (DSKE) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Sets New 52-Week High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Traders Purchase Large Volume of Tesla Put Options (TSLA) Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Msci Inc (MSCI) Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Qiagen NV (QGEN) Southern’s (SO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Barclays PLC Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €174.00 Price Target May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a €174.00 ($189.13) price objective on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a report published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €197.00 ($214.13) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €193.00 ($209.78) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Berenberg Bank set a €100.00 ($108.70) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. BNP Paribas set a €168.00 ($182.61) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €167.00 ($181.52) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Volkswagen AG currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €149.19 ($162.17). Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 144.041 on Tuesday. Volkswagen AG has a 52-week low of €103.70 and a 52-week high of €156.32. The firm has a 50 day moving average of €137.83 and a 200-day moving average of €135.29. The company has a market capitalization of €72.21 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.038. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Barclays PLC Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €174.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/barclays-plc-analysts-give-volkswagen-ag-vow3-a-174-00-price-target.html. About Volkswagen AG Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €38.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) Given a €149.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Vivendi SA (VIV) a €22.00 Price Target DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Linde AG (LIN) Linde AG (LIN) PT Set at €174.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Earns Buy Rating from DZ Bank AG Barclays PLC Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €174.00 Price Target Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Pegasystems Inc. Issued By Wedbush (PEGA) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Heska Corp (HSKA) Scotiabank Reaffirms Buy Rating for Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Daseke Inc (DSKE) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Sets New 52-Week High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Traders Purchase Large Volume of Tesla Put Options (TSLA) Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Msci Inc (MSCI) Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Qiagen NV (QGEN) Southern’s (SO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Vivendi SA (VIV) a €22.00 Price Target May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €22.00 ($23.91) price target on Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) in a report released on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on VIV. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €22.40 ($24.35) target price on Vivendi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.70 ($21.41) target price on Vivendi SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Citigroup Inc set a €16.00 ($17.39) target price on Vivendi SA and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. S&P Global set a €20.00 ($21.74) target price on Vivendi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €21.00 ($22.83) target price on Vivendi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €19.97 ($21.71). Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) opened at 18.30 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €17.81 and a 200-day moving average price of €17.80. Vivendi SA has a 12-month low of €14.87 and a 12-month high of €20.09. The stock has a market capitalization of €23.05 billion and a P/E ratio of 19.37. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/deutsche-bank-ag-analysts-give-vivendi-sa-viv-a-22-00-price-target.html. Vivendi SA Company Profile Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company operates businesses throughout the media value chain, from talent discovery to the creation, production and distribution of content. Its segments include Universal Music Group, Canal+ Group, Gameloft, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Molson Coors Brewing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Molson Coors Brewing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Trading Up 20.4% Following Earnings Beat Traders Buy Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €38.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) Given a €149.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Vivendi SA (VIV) a €22.00 Price Target DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Linde AG (LIN) Linde AG (LIN) PT Set at €174.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Earns Buy Rating from DZ Bank AG Barclays PLC Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €174.00 Price Target Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Pegasystems Inc. Issued By Wedbush (PEGA) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Heska Corp (HSKA) Scotiabank Reaffirms Buy Rating for Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Daseke Inc (DSKE) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Sets New 52-Week High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Traders Purchase Large Volume of Tesla Put Options (TSLA) Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Msci Inc (MSCI) Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Qiagen NV (QGEN) Traders Buy Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Traders bought shares of Molson Coors Brewing Co (NYSE:TAP) on weakness during trading hours on Wednesday after the company announced weaker than expected quarterly earnings. $218.51 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $160.30 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $58.21 million into the stock. Of all equities tracked, Molson Coors Brewing had the 10th highest net in-flow for the day. Molson Coors Brewing traded down ($4.47) for the day and closed at $90.89The company reported $0.76 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.31 by $0.55. Molson Coors Brewing had a net margin of 11.48% and a return on equity of 7.21%. The firm had revenue of $2.49 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.46 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.54 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 278.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Several research firms have commented on TAP. Zacks Investment Research raised Molson Coors Brewing from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $140.00 target price on Molson Coors Brewing and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Molson Coors Brewing in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $105.00 target price on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on Molson Coors Brewing in a report on Monday, January 23rd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $106.00 target price on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $120.00 target price on shares of Molson Coors Brewing in a report on Monday, March 13th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $114.47. In other news, VP Brian Tabolt sold 1,806 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $98.13, for a total transaction of $177,222.78. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 4,231 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $415,188.03. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 2.53% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Institutional Capital LLC increased its position in shares of Molson Coors Brewing by 391.7% in the fourth quarter. Institutional Capital LLC now owns 1,966,809 shares of the company’s stock worth $191,391,000 after buying an additional 1,566,779 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Molson Coors Brewing during the fourth quarter worth about $75,091,000. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. increased its position in shares of Molson Coors Brewing by 94.9% in the third quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 1,517,994 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,676,000 after buying an additional 739,000 shares during the last quarter. Third Point LLC increased its position in shares of Molson Coors Brewing by 70.0% in the third quarter. Third Point LLC now owns 1,700,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $186,660,000 after buying an additional 700,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mason Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Molson Coors Brewing during the third quarter worth about $72,563,000. 80.12% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $95.94 and its 200 day moving average price is $98.41. The firm has a market cap of $19.72 billion, a PE ratio of 9.91 and a beta of 0.95. WARNING: “Traders Buy Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/traders-buy-molson-coors-brewing-co-tap-on-weakness-on-disappointing-earnings.html. About Molson Coors Brewing Molson Coors Brewing Company (MCBC) is a holding company. The Company operates as a brewer. The Company’s segments include MillerCoors LLC (United States segment), operating in the United States; Molson Coors Canada (Canada segment), operating in Canada; Molson Coors Europe (Europe segment), operating in Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Montenegro, Republic of Ireland, Romania, Serbia, the United Kingdom and various other European countries; Molson Coors International (Molson Coors International segment), operating in various other countries, and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Molson Coors Brewing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Molson Coors Brewing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Qiagen NV (QGEN) Southern’s (SO) Buy Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG KeyCorp Weighs in on Flowers Foods, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (FLO) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Quebecor, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (QBR) MINDBODY Inc (MB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance FBL Financial Group (FFG) Announces Earnings Results Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Edgewell Personal Care Co (EPC) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $351.294 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Shares Sold by Bank of New York Mellon Corp SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Position Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Bank of New York Mellon Corp Cuts Stake in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Shares Sold by Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $147.754 Million Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Advisors Preferred LLC Takes Position in Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Flex Ltd (FLEX) Shares Sold by Suntrust Banks Inc. Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Position Lowered by Suntrust Banks Inc. Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (NYSE:PBR)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note issued on Friday. They currently have a $12.00 price objective on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 35.59% from the stock’s current price. Several other research firms also recently commented on PBR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $10.42 to $10.63 in a report on Monday, February 13th. Barclays PLC reissued an “underweight” rating and issued a $11.00 price objective on shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Societe Generale raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc raised Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.57. Shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (NYSE:PBR) opened at 8.85 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is $57.72 billion. Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras has a 1-year low of $5.45 and a 1-year high of $12.56. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $9.30 and a 200-day moving average of $10.29. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/petroleo-brasileiro-sa-petrobras-pbr-given-buy-rating-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Greenleaf Trust acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the first quarter valued at about $101,000. Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the first quarter valued at about $115,000. CSS LLC IL acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the third quarter valued at about $118,000. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the fourth quarter valued at about $123,000. Finally, Eqis Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras during the first quarter valued at about $144,000. 6.03% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras Receive News & Ratings for Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oracle Co. (ORCL) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Hold McKesson Co. (MCK) Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. 2,741 Shares in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Acquired by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. US Bancorp DE Acquires 137,430 Shares of TransCanada Co. (TRP) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE Core Laboratories (CLB) Position Increased by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Has $86 Million Position in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) US Bancorp DE Boosts Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Boosted by Altfest L J & Co. Inc. AT Bancorp Maintains Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Lucas Capital Management Sells 9,894 Shares of Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) $0.33 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tegna Inc (TGNA) This Quarter Surgical Care Affiliates Inc (SCAI) Receives $52.50 Average Target Price from Brokerages Uni Select Inc (UNS) Receives C$43.57 Average PT from Analysts Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Receives $13.50 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Price Target at $27.80 Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) Issues Earnings Results Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS McKesson Co. (MCK) Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) was downgraded by Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a $157.86 price objective on the stock. Vetr‘s price target points to a potential upside of 11.00% from the stock’s current price. Several other research firms have also recently commented on MCK. Citigroup Inc upped their price target on McKesson from $169.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of McKesson in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price target on McKesson and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $171.00 to $169.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Avondale Partners raised McKesson from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their price target for the company from $157.00 to $193.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $170.37. Shares of McKesson (NYSE:MCK) traded up 2.90% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $142.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,669,662 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $30.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.87 and a beta of 1.06. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $143.35 and its 200 day moving average is $144.52. McKesson has a 12 month low of $114.53 and a 12 month high of $199.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/mckesson-co-mck-lowered-to-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. In related news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total transaction of $15,119,220.00. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 22,390 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.15% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in McKesson by 16.3% in the first quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 715 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. SRB Corp raised its stake in McKesson by 3.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 814 shares of the company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Welch Group LLC raised its stake in McKesson by 22.6% in the first quarter. Welch Group LLC now owns 948 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 175 shares during the period. Tompkins Financial Corp raised its stake in McKesson by 8.8% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 962 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the period. Finally, Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new stake in McKesson during the fourth quarter worth approximately $161,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.81% of the company’s stock. McKesson Company Profile McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi GoDaddy Inc. Announces Pricing of Follow-on Offering and Repurchase News provided by GoDaddy Inc. 04 May, 2017, 18:05 ET Share this article SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY), the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures, announced today the pricing of an underwritten public offering of shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of $38.50 per share pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Selling stockholders are offering 24,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and have also granted the underwriters an option to purchase 3,615,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. Selling stockholders participating in the offering include entities affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., Silver Lake Partners, Technology Crossover Ventures, and YAM Special Holdings, Inc., an entity owned by our founder, Bob Parsons. GoDaddy will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. GoDaddy is also offering 100,000 shares of its Class A common stock and intends to use the proceeds of the offering to pay the transaction expenses incurred in connection with the offering and any remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. In addition, GoDaddy announced that it entered into an agreement to repurchase from the selling stockholders an aggregate of $275 million of limited liability company units of Desert Newco, LLC (together with a corresponding number of shares of GoDaddy's Class B common stock ) at the same per share price paid by the underwriters to the selling stockholders in the offering. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are acting as lead joint bookrunners for the offering. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as book-running managers for the offering. KKR Capital Markets LLC, Evercore Group L.L.C., JMP Securities LLC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co. are acting as co-managers for the offering. GoDaddy filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was effective upon filing on April 5, 2016, including a base prospectus dated April 5, 2016, and has filed a preliminary prospectus supplement dated May 3, 2017, to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in the registration statement, the related preliminary prospectus supplement and the other documents GoDaddy has filed with the SEC for more complete information about GoDaddy and this offering. The proposed offering is being made only by means of an effective shelf registration statement, including a preliminary prospectus supplement and final prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, by telephone at (866) 718-1649 or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (866) 803-9204 or by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at (888) 603-5847 or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.  About GoDaddy GoDaddy powers the world's largest cloud platform dedicated to small, independent ventures. With nearly 17 million customers worldwide and more than 71 million domain names under management, GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. Source: GoDaddy Inc.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/godaddy-inc-announces-pricing-of-follow-on-offering-and-repurchase-300452059.html SOURCE GoDaddy Inc. 04 May, 2017, 09:05 ET Preview: GoDaddy Inspires New Generation of Mobile Website Building and M-Commerce My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 May, 2017, 16:42 ET GoDaddy Inspires New Generation of Mobile Website Building and... 03 May, 2017, 16:42 ET GoDaddy Inc. Announces Proposed Follow-on Offering and Repurchase Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Web Site Stock Offering You just read: GoDaddy Inc. Announces Pricing of Follow-on Offering and Repurchase News provided by GoDaddy Inc. 04 May, 2017, 18:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years on: Financial technologyFinancial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The relationship between banks and technology companies is becoming increasingly collaborative print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 6th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon IN JUNE 2007 a banker, or anyone else with $499 to spare, could try a novel distraction from work: Apple’s first iPhone had just gone on sale. In October 2008, after Lehman’s fall, another technological innovation was more quietly unveiled. A paper published online under the name of Satoshi Nakamoto described and advocated a form of electronic cash which people could send to one another without going through discredited banks. It was called bitcoin. As banks have adapted to the crisis and its aftermath with varying degrees of success, the rest of the world has not stood still. Smartphones and, less visibly, cloud computing have transformed people’s daily lives—and hence their use of money. Consumers expect to be able to use the powerful computers in their palms to pay for goods or move cash around as easily as they can tweet, stream videos or share photos with friends. Corporate customers are equally demanding. Yet banks’ information-technology systems are a curious mixture of the old and rickety and the sleek and modern. Malevolent hackers continually probe for weaknesses as banks are striving to stay ahead. And if they don’t? Bitcoin embodied an anti-establishment, libertarian threat to banks: that upstart technologists might disrupt them as Amazon has disrupted bricks-and-mortar retailers and Uber cabbies. So far that has not happened, to the chagrin of ambitious financial-technology (fintech) startups and the relief of many bankers. New competitors have made some inroads, but—in Western countries, at least—they are finding that collaboration is a likelier path to success than a full-on fight. Moreover, far from being usurped by bitcoin, banks are eager to turn blockchain, the technology on which it is based, to their own ends. Again, co-operation with technology companies, and sometimes with other banks, is the order of the day. To be sure, a gang of newcomers have muscled their way into their domains. Peer-to-peer or marketplace lenders, such as Lending Club and SoFi in America, or Funding Circle and RateSetter in Britain, connect people and companies that want to borrow with those that have money to lend, promising both sides keener rates. Britain’s MarketInvoice allows small companies to borrow against receivables immediately, rather than turn to a bank or wait for bills to be paid. Digital banks such as N26 in Germany, Tinkoff Bank in Russia and an array of British hopefuls are challenging incumbents. But banks are not easily displaced. Peer-to-peer lending, for instance, has grown rapidly, but still amounted to just $19bn on America’s biggest platforms and £3.8bn in Britain last year, according to AltFi Data, an analytics company. And some marketplaces now involve banks. Lex Sokolin, director of fintech strategy at Autonomous, a research firm, argues that music—one of the first industries to be attacked by digital revolutionaries—was fairly easily disrupted. Retailing was a little harder, but customers got used to not handling books, cameras and clothes before buying. Finance and health care, he says, are much more difficult. People are rarely inspired by financial products, says Mr Sokolin, which makes it costly to build a brand. It is easier to team up with those who already have the customers. Banks command resources that small startups can only dream of: last year JPMorgan Chase spent over $9.5bn on technology, including $3bn on new initiatives. As well as economies of scale, they enjoy the advantage of incumbency in a heavily regulated industry. Entrants have to apply for banking licences, hire compliance staff and so forth, the costs of which weigh more heavily on smaller firms. Even tech giants, which are moving into finance and may enjoy more trust from younger customers than banks do, could be deterred. Apple, Google and Samsung all have apps allowing people to pay shopkeepers from smartphones, and Amazon offers loans to businesses selling on its platform, but may not want to be supervised as closely as banks are now. Latest updates On the “hipster election” in Schleswig-Holstein Kaffeeklatsch12 hours ago In “Sense8” an empathetic outlook is an advanced form of humanity Prospero14 hours ago The Conservatives’ Andy Street wins the West Midlands Britain14 hours ago Who best protects megafauna? Graphic detail14 hours ago A new religious liberty order disappoints conservative Christians Democracy in America15 hours ago An agreement to halt fighting in four zones of Syria Middle East and Africa16 hours ago See all updates In the West, regulation is opening up more of the field to fintechs, both large and small. A revised European Union directive on payment services, known as PSD2, allows third parties to offer more convenient ways of paying online or to consolidate information from different accounts (with the holder’s permission) so that people can keep track of their finances. America has no equivalent, but the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which oversees national banks, has proposed giving special licences to fintechs. How China does it China’s digital behemoths worry less about such things. Companies like Ant Financial, the financial arm of Alibaba, an e-commerce giant, and JD.com, another online marketplace, have masses of data about those who buy and sell on their platforms. They know their spending habits and how much cash they can spare, so an easy next step is to offer them small loans. Big Chinese banks in any case neglect consumers and small businesses, so customers feel no loyalty towards incumbent lenders. Regulators have also been willing to let online companies shift into finance. No wonder that Asia accounts for the bulk of investment in fintech (see chart). Wherever they are, even small fintechs have at least two advantages over bigger rivals. First, they are nimble, writing and rewriting code, testing and retesting products, discarding what doesn’t work and improving what does. Better, an online mortgage-broker in New York, updates its products “20 or 30 times a day”, says Erik Bernhardsson, the company’s chief technology officer. Banks might do so “every six months”. Second, fintechs attract bright, mainly young people whom banks might have hoped to get to work for them (see article). Plenty of them used to. Joseph Lubin, the founder of ConsenSys, a blockchain company in Brooklyn, came from Goldman Sachs; Andrew Keys, the head of business development, was previously an analyst at UBS; and other colleagues used to work at Bank of America, Deutsche Bank and HSBC. A profitable symbiosis All this fosters co-operation between banks and fintech companies. Fintechs gain access to banks’ scale and customers. Banks can exploit fintechs’ expertise in programming and in analysing mountains of data. Co-operation may also lessen (but not eliminate) the danger that banks are reduced to dumb utilities, maintaining basic systems on which others make money from fancy new products. Application programming interfaces, or APIs—routines that connect two lots of software—are taking symbiosis a stage further. Small businesses, say, might use accounting software, created by a fintech, through a bank’s online platform. Banks (and central banks) have invited startups to develop products in controlled environments such as in-house labs and accelerator programmes. That can lead to more formal arrangements. Bipin Sahni, head of research and development in Wells Fargo’s innovation group, says 11 young firms have gone through his bank’s six-month programme since 2014. Being based in San Francisco, Mr Sahni adds, “we see more interesting companies than a bank sitting in other parts of the United States.” For fintechs, symbiosis need not mean minnowhood. Stripe, a San Francisco firm, processes mobile and online payments on companies’ behalf, linking them to card networks (and through them, banks) in much the same way as bricks-and-mortar retailers and offering them additional software tools. It was valued at $9.2bn in November, when it last raised money. Patrick Collison, who founded Stripe with his brother John in 2010, explains that from the beginning the plan had been to work with credit- and debit-card networks. “It was always clear there was no viable independent strategy,” he says. Some fintechs allow lenders to reach customers they might otherwise miss—for instance, by improving underwriting. Better funds mortgage applicants with capital from more than 20 investors, including Fannie Mae and most of America’s big banks, letting its software decide which of the investors’ underwriting criteria suit the borrower best. Chinese internet giants, too, are using smaller fintechs. Douglas Merrill of ZestFinance in Los Angeles says that Baidu, a search-engine titan that has a stake in his firm, increased approval rates for its small-loans programme by 150% without a rise in losses; ZestFinance’s software crunches reams of messy data, allowing less obviously creditworthy people to borrow. A big American credit-card issuer, Mr Merrill adds, has cut annual losses by “a nine-figure number”; a carmaker has reduced credit losses by more than 20%. Adam Ludwin of Chain, another blockchain company, calls examples like these, in which new and better products are connected to banks’ own infrastructure, “top-down fintech”. “They do what financial institutions should have done, but do it more quickly.” Blockchain, by contrast, he calls “bottom-up”: new infrastructure, either within banks or shared among them. Blockchain enthusiasts stress that its potential stretches far beyond finance. In essence, a blockchain is an immutable shared record known as a distributed ledger. It might list transactions, payments or simply owners of money, land, shares or other assets. All parties have their own copies, which are updated instantly once changes are agreed on. That makes it lightning-fast by comparison with traditional transactions. Transfers between American banks, for example, can take three days. International transfers, which may involve several banks, can take even longer, and senders do not always know how much recipients will get after banks have taken their cut. Settlement of securities trades can be held up because one bank’s record of who sold what to whom, when and for how much may differ from another’s. A blockchain permits just one version of the truth, holding out the promise of huge savings in back offices. “Blockchain reduces the cost of trust,” says Mr Lubin of ConsenSys. Chain reaction Banks, central banks, regulators, exchanges and technology companies both large and small are working on a host of projects using blockchain. Collaborative efforts abound, including Hyperledger, run by the Linux Foundation, a non-profit group that promotes open-source software, and backed by IBM; R3, a consortium involving several banks; and the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA), the newest such group, which includes Microsoft and ConsenSys, as well as an array of banks. Among Chain’s projects is a payment-settlement system for VISA, a credit-card network, which is due to go live this year. Another hopeful, Ripple, has payments partnerships with several banks, including Santander. Digital Asset is developing a clearing-and-settlement system for the Australian stock exchange. This mix reflects different ideas about which version of blockchain will work best. The EEA is building private, secure blockchains with technology repurposed from an open, public network, based on ethereum, another blockchain platform, which its creators believe will be the next generation of the internet. Others think blockchains will be more specialised. Ryan Zagone, Ripple’s head of regulatory relations, likens bitcoin to the Model T Ford: since that first appeared, carmakers have produced vehicles in many shapes and sizes for specific uses. Blockchain, he thinks, will follow the same pattern. This technology is still in its infancy, but with plenty of applications in the pipeline, banks should soon start to learn whether, and in what form, it lives up to its promise. Until then they have little choice but to pursue it. They are under pressure from supervisors and shareholders to reduce costs, and from clients to work better and faster. The eventual gains will probably flow to customers rather than producers, because that is usually the way with leaps in technology. But the banks know that it is better to be first than to bring up the rear. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "Friends or foes?" Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content → The millennial problem: Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Another peace dealAn agreement to halt fighting in four zones of SyriaMiddle East and Africa Local electionsSpringtime for May as the Tories make big gainsBritain Between the coastsOn the “hipster election” in Schleswig-HolsteinKaffeeklatsch Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Special report Ten years on: When the music stoppedHow the 2007-08 crisis unfolded A brief history print-edition icon Print edition | Special reportMay 4th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon EXACTLY TEN YEARS ago, on May 6th 2007, ABN AMRO rejected a $24.5bn bid by three European rivals for LaSalle, a Chicago bank which the Dutch lender had owned since 1979. The previous month Britain’s Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), Spain’s Santander and Belgium’s Fortis had offered €72.2bn (then $98bn), almost all in cash, for the whole of ABN AMRO. By October that year RBS and its partners had won their prize, minus LaSalle, in what is still banking’s biggest takeover. When ABN AMRO was carved up, RBS briefly enjoyed the glory of being the world’s largest bank by assets. A giddy party was in full swing. “As long as the music is playing,” Chuck Prince, then boss of Citigroup, told the Financial Times in a quip that became notorious, “you’ve got to get up and dance.” But the tunes were already off-key. American house prices, driven skyward by low interest rates and rash lending to “subprime” borrowers (people with poor or non-existent credit histories) had peaked a year earlier. In February 2007 Britain’s HSBC shocked markets by raising its bad-debt provisions to $10.5bn, $1.8bn more than analysts had expected, because of failing American subprime mortgages. During that summer two hedge funds run by Bear Stearns, an investment bank, collapsed after losing money on soured subprime investments. As banks started to worry about exposure to subprime lending and the piles of complicated derivatives connected to it, credit markets began to seize up, causing BNP Paribas, a French bank, to suspend withdrawals from three funds in August. The following month Northern Rock, a British mortgage lender that had funded its rapid expansion in the flighty wholesale markets, asked the Bank of England for liquidity support. Depositors queued round the block to retrieve their money. In November 2007 the music stopped even for Mr Prince: he resigned. That quarter Citi took subprime-related write-downs of $18.1bn. The euphoric frenzy came to a total halt with Lehman Brothers’ implosion in September 2008. The mergers of that period, unlike the opulent, record-breaking deal of 2007, were hasty, embarrassed dashes to the altar. JPMorgan Chase saved Bear Stearns in March 2008 when Bear’s failure became inevitable. After Lehman’s collapse, JPMorgan took over Washington Mutual, which had become America’s seventh-biggest bank on the back of the housing boom. Bank of America absorbed Countrywide, another over-eager housing lender, and then Merrill Lynch. Japan’s MUFG bought 20% of Morgan Stanley. Wells Fargo snapped up Wachovia, America’s fourth-biggest bank. After its moment in the sun, RBS would have followed Lehman into oblivion but for a £45bn ($78bn) bail-out from the British government. Today, after nine years of losses, it remains in state ownership. Fortis was rescued by the governments of Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands and dismembered. Santander played its hand far better. It emerged from the crisis without a single quarter of losses, and remains the euro zone’s most valuable bank. This article appeared in the Special report section of the print edition under the headline "When the music stopped" Latest updates On the “hipster election” in Schleswig-Holstein Kaffeeklatsch12 hours ago In “Sense8” an empathetic outlook is an advanced form of humanity Prospero14 hours ago The Conservatives’ Andy Street wins the West Midlands Britain14 hours ago Who best protects megafauna? Graphic detail15 hours ago A new religious liberty order disappoints conservative Christians Democracy in America15 hours ago An agreement to halt fighting in four zones of Syria Middle East and Africa16 hours ago See all updates Ten years onMore in this special report: Ten years on:A decade after the crisis, how are the world’s banks doing? When the music stopped:How the 2007-08 crisis unfolded Sheep and goats:American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so After Dodd-Frank:American banks think they are over-regulated Bother over Basel:Basel 3, an international capital-adequacy standard, is unloved but much needed Financial technology:Financial technology is proving less of a battleground than feared The millennial problem:Banks are finding it harder to attract young recruits How safe are banks?:Another crisis one day cannot be ruled out twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content → Sheep and goats: American banks have recovered well; many European ones much less so Editors’ picks Regulating the internet giantsThe world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data The data economy demands a new approach to antitrust rules Leaders Another peace dealAn agreement to halt fighting in four zones of SyriaMiddle East and Africa Local electionsSpringtime for May as the Tories make big gainsBritain Between the coastsOn the “hipster election” in Schleswig-HolsteinKaffeeklatsch Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shell Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Target Price at $97.80 Analysts Set SunPower Co. (SPWR) Target Price at $8.90 Analysts Set Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Price Target at $37.86 Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.19 EPS Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results TiVo Corp (TIVO) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Algert Global LLC Boosts Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) 96,387 Shares in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Acquired by Algert Global LLC Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) Algert Global LLC Raises Stake in Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) First Trust Advisors LP Sells 154,700 Shares of Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $14.516 Million Stake in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $13,695,000 Position in Cavium Inc (CAVM) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Maintains Position in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) First Trust Advisors LP Lowers Stake in United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) First Trust Advisors LP Has $48.176 Million Stake in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) First Republic Bank (FRC) Shares Bought by First Trust Advisors LP Central Pacific Financial Corp. (CPF) EVP Arnold D. Martines Sells 750 Shares RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Director Thomas Mceachin Purchases 4,500 Shares of Stock Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) Upgraded to “Neutral” at Hilliard Lyons Analysts Set Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Price Target at $37.86 May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Shell Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:SHLX) have been given an average recommendation of “Buy” by the eight ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $37.86. Several equities analysts recently commented on SHLX shares. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Shell Midstream Partners from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $38.00 target price for the company. Shares of Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) traded down 3.49% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $31.78. 342,855 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.48 and a beta of 1.25. Shell Midstream Partners has a 52 week low of $25.42 and a 52 week high of $37.65. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $32.17 and its 200-day moving average is $30.21. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The pipeline company reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $75.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $73.06 million. Shell Midstream Partners had a net margin of 77.39% and a return on equity of 56.13%. Shell Midstream Partners’s revenue was up 11.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. Analysts forecast that Shell Midstream Partners will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a dividend of $0.291 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Shell Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.16 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.66%. Shell Midstream Partners’s payout ratio is presently 83.46%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/analysts-set-shell-midstream-partners-lp-shlx-price-target-at-37-86.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Good Life Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners during the fourth quarter valued at about $211,000. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA bought a new stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners during the first quarter valued at about $239,000. Linscomb & Williams Inc. raised its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 30.3% in the fourth quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc. now owns 9,084 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 2,110 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 39.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 10,117 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 2,864 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Country Club Trust Company n.a. raised its stake in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 1.3% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 10,606 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $342,000 after buying an additional 141 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 81.00% of the company’s stock. About Shell Midstream Partners Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership company, which owns, operates, develops and acquires pipelines and other midstream assets. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiary, Shell Midstream Operating, LLC. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast and Midwest refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to demand centers. Receive News & Ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jounce Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Zacks: Whitbread (WTBCY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Cohu, Inc. (COHU) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Caretrust REIT Inc (CTRE) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $15.597 Million Position in CDK Global Inc (CDK) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Boosts Stake in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Buys Shares of 20,800 NetApp Inc. (NTAP) 361 Capital LLC Acquires 2,407 Shares of Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Sonoco Products Co (SON) Position Held by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Lowers Position in Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Capital One National Association Has $839,000 Position in NewMarket Co. (NEU) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Gap (GPS) Heidrick & Struggles International (HSII) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Trimble Inc (TRMB) CFO Robert G. Painter Sells 3,000 Shares Community First Bancshares, Inc. (CFBI) Director Marshall L. Ginn Acquires 8,500 Shares of Stock Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance Ball Co. (BLL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Zacks: Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Jounce Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:JNCE) has earned a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the four analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Brokerages have set a one year consensus target price of $29.00 for the company and are expecting that the company will post ($0.09) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Jounce Therapeutics an industry rank of 83 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Several analysts recently commented on JNCE shares. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Robert W. Baird started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. Cowen and Company started coverage on shares of Jounce Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Jounce Therapeutics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Shares of Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) traded down 2.35% during trading on Thursday, hitting $26.59. 200,951 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $24.01 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.25. The stock’s market cap is $64.45 million. Jounce Therapeutics has a one year low of $16.33 and a one year high of $29.29. Jounce Therapeutics (NASDAQ:JNCE) last announced its earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The company reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.01. The firm earned $20.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up NaN% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Jounce Therapeutics will post ($0.75) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/zacks-analysts-set-29-00-target-price-for-jounce-therapeutics-inc-jnce.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of JNCE. Bank of New York Mellon Corp acquired a new position in shares of Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at $385,000. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new position in Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $767,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. purchased a new position in Jounce Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $2,761,000. Jounce Therapeutics Company Profile Jounce Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company. The Company is engaged in developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, the Company first focuses on specific cell types within tumors to prioritize targets, and then identify related biomarkers designed to match the right therapy to the right patient. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Jounce Therapeutics (JNCE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jounce Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Gap (GPS) Heidrick & Struggles International (HSII) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Trimble Inc (TRMB) CFO Robert G. Painter Sells 3,000 Shares Community First Bancshares, Inc. (CFBI) Director Marshall L. Ginn Acquires 8,500 Shares of Stock Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Updates Q3 Earnings Guidance Ball Co. (BLL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS CONE Midstream Partners LP (CNNX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Announces Earnings Results Brokerages Anticipate Astronics Co. (ATRO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Capital One National Association Has $957,000 Stake in ITT Inc. (ITT) Capital One National Association Sells 5,424 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Avista Corp (AVA) Shares Bought by Trillium Asset Management LLC Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Bought by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Trillium Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 20,661 INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Stake Raised by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires New Stake in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Gap (GPS) May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Gap (NYSE: GPS): 4/28/2017 – Gap had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wolfe Research. They now have a $32.00 price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Gap was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $24.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $21.00. 4/20/2017 – Gap was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $24.84 price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Gap was upgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating. 4/18/2017 – Gap had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $26.00 price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Gap had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Gap had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $34.00 price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Gap had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. They now have a $25.50 price target on the stock, up previously from $24.50. 3/9/2017 – Gap is now covered by analysts at Guggenheim. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Shares of Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS) traded down 1.57% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $25.70. 3,739,823 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average is $24.46 and its 200-day moving average is $24.83. Gap Inc has a 12 month low of $17.00 and a 12 month high of $30.74. The stock has a market cap of $10.28 billion, a PE ratio of 15.21 and a beta of 0.99. Gap (NYSE:GPS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The apparel retailer reported $0.51 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.51. The company had revenue of $4.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.39 billion. Gap had a return on equity of 32.19% and a net margin of 4.33%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.57 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Gap Inc will post $1.99 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, April 5th were issued a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.58%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, April 3rd. Gap’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 55.09%. In other news, Director Robert J. Fisher sold 500,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.58, for a total transaction of $12,290,000.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 8,867,728 shares in the company, valued at $217,968,754.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Andi Owen sold 38,278 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.97, for a total value of $917,523.66. Following the sale, the insider now owns 30,778 shares in the company, valued at $737,748.66. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 30.00% of the company’s stock. The Gap, Inc (Gap Inc) is an apparel retail company. The Company offers apparel, accessories and personal care products for men, women and children under the Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Athleta and Intermix brands. Its products are available to customers online through Company-owned Websites and through the use of third-parties that provide logistics and fulfillment services. Receive News & Ratings for Gap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing America's Heroin Epidemic Aaron Hernandez TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 1 2017, 2:54 pm ET Trump Is Considering Breaking Up Big Banks by Jeff Cox, CNBC Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump is considering breaking up the nation's biggest banks, a vow he had made during the presidential campaign then seemed to put on the back burner. In an interview Monday with Bloomberg News, Trump said he is "looking at that right now." Bank stocks rallied, with investors taking a win-win view: Breaking up the big banks would open business opportunities for smaller institutions, while the large Wall Street firms would be worth more as separate entities than they are combined. "The theory has always been the sum of the parts is worth considerably more than the whole," said analyst Dick Bove, vice president for equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets. "You might find a lot of investors who say that (if) they're going to break up these banks, they're more [valuable] in pieces than they are together, I'm going to buy them." Bank of America shares jumped 1.7 percent, a high for the session, while JPMorgan Chase was up 0.6 percent. The industry breakup would come with the revival of a Glass-Steagall-type law, which separated commercial and investment banks but was repealed in 1999. Related: Vexation Gives Way to Pragmatism as Wall Street Girds for Trump Trump's sentiments came the same day he met with leaders of the Independent Community Bankers Association, an advocacy group for small- and mid-market institutions. Industry analyst Dick Bove believes that may not be a coincidence. "He probably made a statement to them that they wanted to hear," Bove said. "In the last few weeks he has been heavily campaigning again, and I think this is just part of his campaign." Whether anything will come of it legislatively is unclear. Bank stocks had been one of the biggest winners of the Trump trade, rallying strongly after his victory in the November presidential election. The Glass-Steagall repeal is sometimes blamed for the financial crisis that peaked in 2008. However, many of the big institutions at the center of the crisis were not banking behemoths but rather investment banks or, in the case of American International Group, an insurer. Still, the Republican platform last year carried language calling for a reinstatement of the law. "There's some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that," Trump said in the interview. Jeff Cox, CNBC Email Topic Business News First Published May 1 2017, 2:54 pm ET Next Story China's C919 Passenger Jet Makes Maiden Flight in Challenge to Boeing, Airbus advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Boosted by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Aqua America Inc (WTR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Sonic Automotive Inc (SAH) LSV Asset Management Boosts Position in Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $395,000 Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $368,000 Position in MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $358,000 Position in Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.17 EPS Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Releases Earnings Results $1.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for Praxair, Inc. (PX) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Will Post Earnings of $1.98 Per Share Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings CPI Card Group Inc (PMTS) Trading Down 16.7% Following Weak Earnings Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Gap Up After Earnings Beat Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Chairman Bruce A. Campbell Sells 7,686 Shares United Technologies Co. (UTX) VP Sells $322,970.06 in Stock Mastercard Inc (MA) CEO Ajay Banga Sells 161,742 Shares Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold May 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “NovoCure Limited is an oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called Tumor Treating Fields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. It operates primarily in the United States, Germany, Switzerland and Japan. NovoCure Limited is based in Saint Helier, Channel Islands. “ A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Novocure from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Wedbush restated an outperform rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Aegis restated a buy rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, JMP Securities restated an outperform rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Novocure currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $16.43. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) remained flat at $11.30 on Wednesday. The stock had a trading volume of 285,740 shares. Novocure has a 12-month low of $5.95 and a 12-month high of $14.30. The company’s market cap is $995.90 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $8.13. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. Novocure had a negative return on equity of 69.89% and a negative net margin of 219.29%. The company earned $34.88 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $39.46 million. On average, equities analysts predict that Novocure will post ($0.90) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/04/novocure-ltd-nvcr-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. In other news, insider Yoram Palti sold 16,000 shares of Novocure stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.64, for a total transaction of $170,240.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 143,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,530,298. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Gert L. Perlhagen purchased 125,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $6.93 per share, for a total transaction of $866,250.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 6,125,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $42,446,250. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 68,000 shares of company stock worth $747,280. Corporate insiders own 33.90% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Highline Capital Management L.P. boosted its stake in Novocure by 3.5% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,818,079 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $15,526,000 after buying an additional 62,200 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Novocure by 7.4% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 1,210,934 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $10,051,000 after buying an additional 83,448 shares during the period. Tamarack Advisers LP acquired a new stake in Novocure during the third quarter worth $6,557,000. Courage Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Novocure during the third quarter worth $4,270,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Novocure by 1.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 173,523 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $1,406,000 after buying an additional 2,480 shares during the period. 21.98% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Novocure NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harvey Nash Group plc (HVN) Insider Simon Wassall Acquires 201 Shares Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Stake Held by Trust Co. of Vermont TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) to Release Earnings on Monday Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS PDL BioPharma Inc (PDLI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS IMPINJ Inc (PI) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.332 Million Position in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $26.086 Million Position in A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 15,800 Shares of Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $5,472,000 Stake in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Increases Stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 20,000 Shares of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Sells 87,000 Shares of Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Meredith Co. (MDP) Insider Steven M. Cappaert Sells 2,195 Shares Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Insider Derek M. Dirisio Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Maple Leaf Foods Inc (MFI) Insider Lynda J. Kuhn Sells 600 Shares Moody's Co. (MCO) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB raised its position in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 14.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 22,740 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 2,880 shares during the period. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB’s holdings in Bunge were worth $1,802,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in BG. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Bunge by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 80,124 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $4,746,000 after buying an additional 4,321 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in Bunge by 212.2% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 30,600 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,211,000 after buying an additional 20,800 shares during the last quarter. Comerica Bank boosted its position in Bunge by 107.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 13,246 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $912,000 after buying an additional 6,857 shares during the last quarter. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in Bunge by 1.7% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 414,253 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $32,834,000 after buying an additional 7,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp boosted its position in Bunge by 120.5% in the third quarter. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp now owns 56,900 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $3,370,000 after buying an additional 31,100 shares during the last quarter. 78.49% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded down 0.37% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $69.53. 2,208,336 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.87 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 12 month low of $56.69 and a 12 month high of $82.66. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $77.60 and its 200 day moving average price is $72.57. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Bunge Ltd will post $6.12 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio is currently 37.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/xact-kapitalforvaltning-ab-boosts-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a research report on Friday. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Bunge from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday. Stephens cut shares of Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.14. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.332 Million Position in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $26.086 Million Position in A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 15,800 Shares of Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $5,472,000 Stake in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Increases Stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 20,000 Shares of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Sells 87,000 Shares of Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Meredith Co. (MDP) Insider Steven M. Cappaert Sells 2,195 Shares Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Insider Derek M. Dirisio Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Maple Leaf Foods Inc (MFI) Insider Lynda J. Kuhn Sells 600 Shares Moody's Co. (MCO) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Dollar General Corp. (DG) Share Price Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.26 Noble (NE) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Garmin (GRMN) Share Price Charles & Colvard (CTHR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 SkyWest (SKYW) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Raymond James Financial (RJF) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) Receives $92.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Vantiv Inc (VNTV) Price Target at $64.75 Handelsbanken Fonder AB Increases Stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Handelsbanken Fonder AB raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) by 30.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 157,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 37,000 shares during the period. Handelsbanken Fonder AB owned 0.13% of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals worth $5,398,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of ACAD. Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 1.9% in the first quarter. Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. now owns 183,650 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $6,314,000 after buying an additional 3,370 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 5.6% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 396,646 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $13,636,000 after buying an additional 21,191 shares in the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 27.2% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 16,873 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $580,000 after buying an additional 3,610 shares in the last quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 8.4% in the first quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC now owns 18,002 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $619,000 after buying an additional 1,396 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 7.2% in the first quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 99,950 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $3,436,000 after buying an additional 6,675 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 98.25% of the company’s stock. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) traded up 1.21% during trading on Friday, hitting $32.74. 865,958 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $33.85 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.56. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.97 billion. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. has a 1-year low of $20.68 and a 1-year high of $42.49. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACAD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.65) earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.65). ACADIA Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 4,427.79% and a negative return on equity of 58.46%. The company had revenue of $12 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.05 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.45) EPS. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals’s quarterly revenue was up 70488.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. will post ($2.77) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/handelsbanken-fonder-ab-increases-stake-in-acadia-pharmaceuticals-inc-acad.html. ACAD has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Vetr upgraded shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $35.23 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Saturday, January 14th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $41.66. In other ACADIA Pharmaceuticals news, EVP Terrence O. Moore sold 157,540 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.77, for a total value of $6,265,365.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 21.65% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Company Profile ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of medicines for central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Its lead drug candidate, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), is used for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson’s disease psychosis (PD Psychosis). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACAD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD). Receive News & Ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Trust Co. of Vermont Has $147,000 Stake in Nordson Co. (NDSN) Interface, Inc. (TILE) Position Increased by Trust Co. of Vermont Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Purchases Shares of 15,555 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Trust Co. of Vermont Cuts Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Stake Cut by Trust Co. of Vermont Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Maintains Position in NCR Co. (NCR) Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Has $701,000 Position in Transocean LTD (RIG) Comerica Bank Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Comerica Bank Has $8.833 Million Stake in Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) XCel Brands Inc (XELB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Black Diamond Inc (BDE) to Release Earnings on Monday Norsat International Inc (NSAT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.16 EPS DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Genpact Limited (G) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Blackline Inc (BL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Sophos Ltd (SOPH) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Share Price Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell Comerica Bank Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Comerica Bank reduced its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) by 2.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 208,120 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 6,260 shares during the period. Comerica Bank owned 0.35% of Great Western Bancorp worth $8,972,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in GWB. Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in Great Western Bancorp by 92.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,296 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 1,586 shares during the period. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Great Western Bancorp by 4.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 3,347 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 151 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc. boosted its stake in Great Western Bancorp by 8.0% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 3,383 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 252 shares during the period. Finally, Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $123,000. Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) traded down 2.51% on Friday, hitting $41.16. The stock had a trading volume of 594,137 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $41.98 and a 200 day moving average of $41.04. Great Western Bancorp Inc has a 12-month low of $29.31 and a 12-month high of $45.62. The company has a market capitalization of $2.42 billion, a PE ratio of 18.29 and a beta of 1.86. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $111.23 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $116.90 million. Great Western Bancorp had a net margin of 27.75% and a return on equity of 8.47%. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.55 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Great Western Bancorp Inc will post $2.50 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.94%. This is a boost from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. Great Western Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is 30.77%. WARNING: “Comerica Bank Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/comerica-bank-lowers-position-in-great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Great Western Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $48.00 to $47.00 in a research note on Friday, April 28th. DA Davidson restated a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and issued a $46.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Great Western Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, FBR & Co initiated coverage on Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.00. About Great Western Bancorp Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GWB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB). Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ingles Markets Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingles Markets Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Share Price Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) to Hold Cambiar Investors LLC Cuts Stake in Calgon Carbon Co. (CCC) Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Position Boosted by Cambiar Investors LLC Cambiar Investors LLC Increases Stake in Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Shares Bought by Renaissance Group LLC Brave Asset Management Inc. Invests $141,000 in Transocean LTD (RIG) Renaissance Group LLC Invests $420,000 in Corecivic Inc (CXW) Renaissance Group LLC Purchases 417 Shares of Norbord Inc. (OSB) Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Acquires New Position in Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 4,644 Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Has $127,000 Position in Aratana Therapeutics Inc (PETX) Thor Mining Plc (THR) Insider Paul Johnson Purchases 500,000 Shares Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) CEO John W. Robinson Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Insider Les J. Lieberman Sells 12,153 Shares Genie Energy Ltd (GNE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.22 EPS Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Ingles Markets, Incorporated (NASDAQ:IMKTA) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. According to Zacks, “Ingles Markets, Incorporated is a leading supermarket chain with operations in the southeastern United States. Ingles’ strategy is to locate its supermarkets primarily in suburban areas, small towns and rural communities, where management believes the market may be underserved by existing supermarkets. “ Ingles Markets, (NASDAQ:IMKTA) traded up 0.12% on Friday, hitting $41.90. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 57,338 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $44.61 and a 200-day moving average of $45.67. Ingles Markets, has a 12 month low of $35.77 and a 12 month high of $52.40. The stock has a market cap of $848.85 million, a PE ratio of 15.43 and a beta of 0.69. Ingles Markets, (NASDAQ:IMKTA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter. The business had revenue of $982.76 million for the quarter. Ingles Markets, had a return on equity of 11.04% and a net margin of 1.34%. On average, analysts expect that Ingles Markets, will post $2.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 13th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were issued a dividend of $0.165 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $0.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.58%. Ingles Markets,’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 24.26%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/zacks-investment-research-lowers-ingles-markets-incorporated-imkta-to-sell.html. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. River Road Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 10.1% in the first quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,125,418 shares of the company’s stock worth $48,562,000 after buying an additional 103,181 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 303,597 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,602,000 after buying an additional 3,471 shares during the period. Burney Co. raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 14.5% in the fourth quarter. Burney Co. now owns 169,779 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,166,000 after buying an additional 21,563 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 5.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 127,118 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,485,000 after buying an additional 7,052 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 6.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 114,475 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,526,000 after buying an additional 6,824 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 59.24% of the company’s stock. About Ingles Markets, Ingles Markets, Incorporated (Ingles) is a supermarket chain in the southeast United States. The Company’s segments include retail grocery and other. Its other segment consists of fluid dairy operations and shopping center rentals. As of September 24, 2016, the Company operated 201 supermarkets in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and Alabama. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ingles Markets, (IMKTA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ingles Markets Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingles Markets Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT Bancorp Has $244,000 Position in EQT Co. (EQT) Athena Capital Advisors LLC Has $3,376,000 Stake in AstraZeneca plc (AZN) US Bancorp DE Sells 132,845 Shares of LKQ Co. (LKQ) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Cuts Position in UGI Corp (UGI) IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Reduces Position in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Reduced by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Position Boosted by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $1.132 Million Position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Releases Earnings Results Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Control4 Corp (CTRL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Antero Resources Corp (AR) to Release Earnings on Monday ICF International Inc (ICFI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Ares Management LP (ARES) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages US Bancorp DE Sells 132,845 Shares of LKQ Co. (LKQ) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet US Bancorp DE lowered its stake in shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) by 31.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 290,441 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after selling 132,845 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE owned approximately 0.09% of LKQ worth $8,501,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of LKQ. Princeton Alpha Management LP bought a new position in LKQ during the first quarter valued at $284,000. HPM Partners LLC bought a new position in LKQ during the first quarter valued at $311,000. Capital Fund Management S.A. bought a new position in LKQ during the first quarter valued at $2,311,000. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale raised its position in LKQ by 619.5% in the first quarter. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale now owns 81,901 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $2,433,000 after buying an additional 70,518 shares during the period. Finally, Montag A & Associates Inc. raised its position in LKQ by 3.5% in the first quarter. Montag A & Associates Inc. now owns 179,300 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $5,248,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 88.66% of the company’s stock. LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded up 1.51% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $31.52. The company had a trading volume of 1,823,644 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $29.47 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.31. LKQ Co. has a one year low of $27.85 and a one year high of $36.35. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.06 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a net margin of 5.48% and a return on equity of 16.41%. The firm had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.42 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that LKQ Co. will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/us-bancorp-de-sells-132845-shares-of-lkq-co-lkq.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on LKQ shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.00 price objective (up from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price objective on shares of LKQ in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. William Blair reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on LKQ in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 price objective on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.25. In other LKQ news, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total transaction of $903,900.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 319,380 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,622,919.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Sukhpal S. Ahluwalia bought 1,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $31.46 per share, for a total transaction of $47,190.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 39,546 shares of company stock worth $1,206,038. Company insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. About LKQ LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LKQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ). Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GasLog Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact StoneCastle Financial Corp (BANX) Stock Price Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.23 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact GasLog (GLOG) Stock Price Regis (RGS) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.11 Entegris (ENTG) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Graco (GGG) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Terex Co. (TEX) Insider Acquires $12,513.28 in Stock California Resources Corp (CRC) Bonds Trading 2.8% Higher Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Alterra Power Corp (AXY) to Release Earnings on Monday American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Restaurant Brands International Inc (QSR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share -$0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Connecture Inc (CNXR) This Quarter Hortonworks’ (HDP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton Global Payments’ (GPN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Noodles & Co (NDLS) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact GasLog (GLOG) Stock Price May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) have trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. GasLog earned a media sentiment score of 0.24 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media coverage about the shipping company an impact score of 87 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s scoring: GasLog Ltd. (NYSE:GLOG): How is this stock valued? – DARC News (darcnews.com) GasLog beats Street 1Q forecasts (finance.yahoo.com) GasLog Ltd Declares Dividend of $0.14 (GLOG) (americanbankingnews.com) GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS (americanbankingnews.com) GasLog Ltd. Reports Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 (feeds.benzinga.com) GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) traded up 5.36% during trading on Friday, reaching $13.75. The company had a trading volume of 1,003,997 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $1.11 billion. GasLog has a one year low of $11.07 and a one year high of $17.85. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $14.47 and a 200 day moving average price of $15.68. GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The shipping company reported $0.06 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $128.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $129.35 million. GasLog had a negative net margin of 10.57% and a negative return on equity of 0.14%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.09) EPS. Analysts expect that GasLog will post $0.32 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be given a $0.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. GasLog’s payout ratio is presently -74.67%. Several analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded GasLog from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised GasLog from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $12.00 to $14.00 in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Wells Fargo & Co raised GasLog from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of GasLog in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on GasLog in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/somewhat-positive-press-coverage-very-likely-to-impact-gaslog-glog-stock-price.html. GasLog Company Profile GasLog Ltd. is an international owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers. The Company provides support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. The Company’s owned consolidated fleet consists of 27 LNG carriers, including 22 ships in operation and five LNG carriers on order. Receive News & Ratings for GasLog Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Franks International NV Expected to Earn FY2020 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share (FI) FY2020 Earnings Forecast for Ferro Co. Issued By Gabelli (FOE) Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) FY2020 EPS Estimates for Armstrong Flooring Inc (AFI) Increased by Gabelli GWG Holdings (GWGH) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Golden Star Resources (GSS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.38 Live Ventures (LIVE) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds LendingClub Corp (LC) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Lumentum Holdings (LITE) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (HNW) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.37 Green Bancorp (GNBC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Stake Reduced by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $10,822,000 Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 918 Shares of KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Insider Charles A. Pearce Sells 4,000 Shares Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Acquires 3,330 Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 37,146 Shares of Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) VP Sells $636,542.15 in Stock Insider Selling: World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Director Sells 13,000 Shares of Stock BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Position Increased by First Trust Advisors LP Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:VNDA) – Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings cut their FY2020 EPS estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals in a research report issued on Tuesday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst D. Archila now forecasts that the biopharmaceutical company will earn $0.34 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $0.35. Oppenheimer Holdings has a “Outperform” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals’ FY2021 earnings at $0.83 EPS. Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.17) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.04. Vanda Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 23.07% and a negative return on equity of 16.13%. The firm earned $37.42 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $38.35 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/oppenheimer-holdings-brokers-lower-earnings-estimates-for-vanda-pharmaceuticals-inc-vnda.html. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on VNDA. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. CIBC reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Vanda Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Vanda Pharmaceuticals has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $21.13. Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA) traded down 1.02% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $14.50. The stock had a trading volume of 434,883 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $14.28 and a 200-day moving average of $14.91. The firm’s market cap is $643.02 million. Vanda Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $8.04 and a 12-month high of $18.00. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of VNDA. Capital One National Association bought a new position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth approximately $320,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals by 120.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 154,313 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,568,000 after buying an additional 84,401 shares during the last quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth approximately $398,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals by 2.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 98,663 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,642,000 after buying an additional 1,907 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,591,102 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $26,476,000 after buying an additional 74,095 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 95.69% of the company’s stock. About Vanda Pharmaceuticals Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapies to address unmet medical needs. Its product portfolio includes HETLIOZ (tasimelteon), Fanapt (iloperidone), Tradipitant (VLY-686), Trichostatin A and AQW051. It offers HETLIOZ for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (Non-24). Receive News & Ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 2,400 Shares of Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Reduces Stake in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $18.556 Million Position in Unum Group (UNM) Albert D Mason Inc. Buys 35 Shares of W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Centene Corp (CNC) Shares Bought by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $14.533 Million Position in Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Albert D Mason Inc. Has $504,000 Stake in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Eagle Ridge Investment Management Has $638,000 Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) IndexIQ Advisors LLC Increases Stake in EverBank Financial Corp (EVER) IndexIQ Advisors LLC Boosts Position in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) IndexIQ Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc (DFIN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Dixie Group Inc (DXYN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS FY2018 EPS Estimates for Eastman Chemical Company Increased by Jefferies Group (EMN) Civista Bancshares Inc (CIVB) Receives $21.42 Consensus Target Price from Analysts LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Stock Price Up 7.3% on Earnings Beat Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 Analysts Set Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Price Target at $37.92 Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Trading 7.7% Higher Following Strong Earnings State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in shares of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 599,370 shares of the asset manager’s stock after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System owned about 0.15% of Invesco worth $18,359,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in Invesco by 12.3% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 201,849 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $6,312,000 after buying an additional 22,153 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. boosted its position in Invesco by 0.9% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 9,965 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $312,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in Invesco by 2.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 370,487 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $11,571,000 after buying an additional 7,130 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Invesco by 3.4% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 64,363 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $2,013,000 after buying an additional 2,113 shares during the period. Finally, DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in Invesco by 7.2% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 44,684 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $1,397,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the period. 80.85% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) traded down 0.09% on Friday, reaching $32.38. 1,475,432 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $31.17 and its 200 day moving average is $31.07. Invesco Ltd. has a 52 week low of $23.01 and a 52 week high of $33.47. The firm has a market capitalization of $13.08 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.70 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.61 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.05. Invesco had a return on equity of 11.79% and a net margin of 18.04%. The business earned $1.19 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Invesco Ltd. will post $2.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.29 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This is an increase from Invesco’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.58%. Invesco’s payout ratio is currently 54.63%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-acquires-300-shares-of-invesco-ltd-ivz.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on shares of Invesco from $32.00 to $33.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Invesco from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $30.00 to $37.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Invesco to $33.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Invesco has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $35.20. In other news, insider Philip Taylor sold 60,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.40, for a total transaction of $1,944,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 146,222 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,737,592.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IVZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ). Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Array Biopharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cabot Corp (CBT) to Hold Trillium Asset Management LLC Sells 1,695 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.786 Million Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 139,385 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) El Paso Electric Company (EE) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) to “Buy” Kinross Gold Co. (K) PT Raised to C$5.50 at TD Securities MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stock Price Up 8.2% on Earnings Beat Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Price Up 16.3% on Earnings Beat Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Trading Up 7.8% After Strong Earnings Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Trading Up 19.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Universal Display Co. (OLED) Sees Large Volume Increase After Dividend Announcement Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.23 EPS Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chicago Equity Partners LLC cut its position in shares of Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) by 22.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 413,530 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 119,470 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC owned about 0.24% of Array Biopharma worth $3,697,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of ARRY. Highbridge Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Array Biopharma by 314.4% in the third quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 144,790 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $977,000 after buying an additional 109,852 shares during the period. Iguana Healthcare Management LLC acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $1,350,000. Sphera Funds Management LTD. acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $6,075,000. Laurion Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $1,013,000. Finally, Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $285,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 88.58% of the company’s stock. Shares of Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) traded down 2.31% during trading on Friday, reaching $7.18. The company had a trading volume of 3,052,482 shares. Array Biopharma Inc has a 12 month low of $2.70 and a 12 month high of $13.40. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $8.76 and its 200-day moving average price is $9.05. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.21 billion. Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.18) by $0.04. The company had revenue of $44.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $31.90 million. The business’s revenue was up 25.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.17) earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Array Biopharma Inc will post ($0.71) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/chicago-equity-partners-llc-has-3-697-million-position-in-array-biopharma-inc-arry.html. ARRY has been the subject of several research reports. Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 price objective (up from $10.00) on shares of Array Biopharma in a report on Friday, February 10th. Leerink Swann cut Array Biopharma from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $11.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, January 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr raised Array Biopharma from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $9.99 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, March 13th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Array Biopharma from $8.00 to $13.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Array Biopharma from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $10.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $11.19. In other news, Director Charles M. Baum sold 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.27, for a total transaction of $231,750.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $278,100. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Company insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. About Array Biopharma Array BioPharma Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. The Company’s programs include approximately three cancer drugs, binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ARRY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY). Receive News & Ratings for Array Biopharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tenneco Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenneco Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Issued By Gabelli Gabelli Comments on Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (WDR) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Atlantic Gold Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (AGB) Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of $6.28 Per Share (MAA) 8×8, Inc. to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (EGHT) Mosaic Capital Corp Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $0.47 Per Share (M) First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Given Hold Rating at Stephens InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cabot Corp (CBT) to Hold Trillium Asset Management LLC Sells 1,695 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.786 Million Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 139,385 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) El Paso Electric Company (EE) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) to “Buy” Kinross Gold Co. (K) PT Raised to C$5.50 at TD Securities MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stock Price Up 8.2% on Earnings Beat FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Issued By Gabelli May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Tenneco Inc (NYSE:TEN) – Research analysts at Gabelli cut their FY2018 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Tenneco in a report released on Tuesday. Gabelli analyst B. Sponheimer now forecasts that the auto parts company will earn $7.20 per share for the year, down from their previous estimate of $7.50. Gabelli also issued estimates for Tenneco’s FY2019 earnings at $8.15 EPS, FY2020 earnings at $9.25 EPS and FY2021 earnings at $10.45 EPS. Tenneco (NYSE:TEN) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The auto parts company reported $1.53 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.43 by $0.10. Tenneco had a net margin of 4.22% and a return on equity of 57.04%. The business earned $2.29 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.24 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.17 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/fy2018-earnings-forecast-for-tenneco-inc-ten-issued-by-gabelli.html. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on TEN. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of Tenneco from $68.00 to $70.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc downgraded shares of Tenneco from a “positive” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Tenneco to $67.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $140.00 price objective (up from $130.00) on shares of Tenneco in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on shares of Tenneco from $75.00 to $78.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Tenneco has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.14. Shares of Tenneco (NYSE:TEN) traded down 0.54% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $57.58. 811,158 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $61.26 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.00. Tenneco has a 12-month low of $44.55 and a 12-month high of $70.96. The company has a market cap of $3.13 billion, a PE ratio of 8.94 and a beta of 1.93. In other Tenneco news, VP John E. Kunz sold 3,880 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.79, for a total transaction of $255,265.20. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 26,130 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,719,092.70. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Gregg M. Sherrill sold 78,799 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.52, for a total transaction of $5,084,111.48. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 318,855 shares in the company, valued at $20,572,524.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 92,257 shares of company stock worth $5,954,859 over the last 90 days. 4.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in TEN. James Investment Research Inc. increased its stake in Tenneco by 8.1% in the third quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 20,470 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $1,193,000 after buying an additional 1,540 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC bought a new stake in Tenneco during the third quarter worth approximately $1,640,000. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. bought a new stake in Tenneco during the third quarter worth approximately $1,671,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Tenneco by 157.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 100,629 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $5,863,000 after buying an additional 61,505 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Tenneco by 22.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 61,671 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $3,593,000 after buying an additional 11,147 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 98.23% of the company’s stock. About Tenneco Tenneco Inc is a producer of clean air and ride performance products and systems for light vehicle, commercial truck, off-highway and other vehicle applications. The Company designs, manufactures and distributes highly engineered products for both original equipment vehicle manufacturers (OEMs) and the repair and replacement markets, or aftermarket, across the world. Receive News & Ratings for Tenneco Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenneco Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NOW Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NOW Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cavium (CAVM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Beazer Homes USA (BZH) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports NOW Inc (DNOW) Given “Neutral” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Broadridge Financial Solutions (BR) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.06 Quintiles IMS Holdings’ (Q) In-Line Rating Reaffirmed at Evercore ISI Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Credit Suisse Group AG Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Lowered to Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley Lear Co. (LEA) Upgraded by Seaport Global Securities to “Buy” Gary R. Mills Buys 1,000 Shares of First Community Bancshares Inc (FCBC) Stock Columbia Pacific Advisors, Llc Purchases 43,794 Shares of Modsys International Ltd (MDSY) Stock Don Barton Purchases 1,975 Shares of Oak Valley Bancorp (OVLY) Stock Ronald L. Michaelis Sells 1,500 Shares of Limoneira Company (LMNR) Stock United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Stake Reduced by British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Boosted by Syntal Capital Partners LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Position Raised by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Installed Building Products Inc (IBP) Issues Earnings Results Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 226,351 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Position Lowered by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. NOW Inc (DNOW) Given “Neutral” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet NOW Inc (NYSE:DNOW)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by investment analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a $19.00 price objective on the oil and gas company’s stock, down from their previous price objective of $20.00. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price target suggests a potential upside of 6.80% from the stock’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on the company. Cowen and Company cut their price objective on NOW from $22.00 to $19.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered NOW from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded NOW from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating and upped their price target for the company from $19.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Seaport Global Securities upgraded NOW from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $20.00 to $22.00 in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Stephens upgraded NOW from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $24.00 to $23.00 in a research report on Thursday. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.25. Shares of NOW (NYSE:DNOW) traded up 6.53% during trading on Friday, reaching $17.79. The company had a trading volume of 1,738,530 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $16.83 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.77. NOW has a 52 week low of $15.47 and a 52 week high of $23.53. The company’s market capitalization is $1.91 billion. NOW (NYSE:DNOW) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The oil and gas company reported ($0.15) EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.23) by $0.08. NOW had a negative return on equity of 10.87% and a negative net margin of 18.62%. The company earned $631 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $605.07 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.35) EPS. NOW’s quarterly revenue was up 15.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that NOW will post ($0.36) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “NOW Inc (DNOW) Given “Neutral” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/now-inc-dnow-given-neutral-rating-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other NOW news, Director Rodney W. Eads acquired 5,264 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $18.99 per share, for a total transaction of $99,963.36. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 21,046 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $399,663.54. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 3.30% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Chicago Equity Partners LLC acquired a new position in NOW during the third quarter worth approximately $727,000. Clarkston Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in NOW by 2.4% in the third quarter. Clarkston Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,716,589 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $58,217,000 after buying an additional 63,410 shares in the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in NOW by 37.2% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 22,351 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $479,000 after buying an additional 6,066 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in NOW by 30.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 288,342 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $6,179,000 after buying an additional 67,088 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in NOW by 9.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 55,446 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $1,188,000 after buying an additional 4,561 shares in the last quarter. About NOW NOW Inc (NOW) is a global distributor to the oil and gas and industrial markets. The Company operates under the DistributionNOW and Wilson Export brands. Its segments include the United States, Canada and International. As of December 31, 2016, its segments, the United States, Canada and International, had over 200, 55 and 35 locations, respectively. Receive News & Ratings for NOW Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NOW Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cree Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cree Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Position Boosted by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Regions Financial Corp (RF) Receives $13.75 Average Target Price from Brokerages NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Stake Cut by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 1,923 Shares of Toyota Motor Corp (TM) William Blair Weighs in on Pacific Biosciences of California’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PACB) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Sells 12,644 Shares of Wipro Limited (WIT) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $827,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 5,265 Shares of Cree, Inc. (CREE) Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) Stake Increased by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Wedbush Comments on Virco Mfg. Co.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (VIRC) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Stake Increased by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Tyers Asset Management LLC Reduces Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Tyers Asset Management LLC Acquires 13,596 Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Position Held by Grimes & Company Inc. Brokerages Anticipate Equity Residential (EQR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.77 Per Share Severn Trent Plc (SVT) Receives GBX 2,260 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Rightmove Plc (RMV) Receives GBX 4,277.25 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Target Price at $233.54 Boyd Gaming Co. Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share (BYD) Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Given Buy Rating at Shore Capital Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 5,265 Shares of Cree, Inc. (CREE) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Eqis Capital Management Inc. raised its position in Cree, Inc. (NASDAQ:CREE) by 22.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 28,605 shares of the LED producer’s stock after buying an additional 5,265 shares during the period. Eqis Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Cree were worth $765,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Advisory Services Network LLC acquired a new position in Cree during the first quarter worth approximately $134,000. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new position in Cree during the fourth quarter worth approximately $137,000. Physicians Financial Services Inc. raised its position in Cree by 1.8% in the third quarter. Physicians Financial Services Inc. now owns 5,725 shares of the LED producer’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Cree by 7.1% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 6,456 shares of the LED producer’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 427 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hall Laurie J Trustee acquired a new position in Cree during the fourth quarter worth approximately $174,000. 84.38% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Cree, Inc. (NASDAQ:CREE) traded up 0.55% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $22.12. 993,949 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $24.95 and a 200-day moving average of $25.73. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.15 billion. Cree, Inc. has a 52 week low of $20.75 and a 52 week high of $31.64. Cree (NASDAQ:CREE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The LED producer reported ($0.11) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.20. The company earned $341.51 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $339.41 million. Cree had a positive return on equity of 1.06% and a negative net margin of 0.26%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.17 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Cree, Inc. will post $0.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Eqis Capital Management Inc. Acquires 5,265 Shares of Cree, Inc. (CREE)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/eqis-capital-management-inc-acquires-5265-shares-of-cree-inc-cree.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $23.00 price target on shares of Cree in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cree from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Monday. Williams Capital lowered their price target on shares of Cree from $27.00 to $25.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of Cree in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Cree in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $26.56. In other Cree news, Director John B. Replogle purchased 10,000 shares of Cree stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $22.11 per share, for a total transaction of $221,100.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 64,043 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,415,990.73. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. 1.30% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Cree Company Profile Cree, Inc is a manufacturer of lighting-class light emitting diode (LED) products, lighting products and semiconductor products for power and radio-frequency (RF) applications. The Company’s products are focused for applications, such as indoor and outdoor lighting, video displays, transportation, electronic signs and signals, power supplies, inverters and wireless systems. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CREE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cree, Inc. (NASDAQ:CREE). Receive News & Ratings for Cree Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cree Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Newsfront Tags: elizabeth warren | pick | sec | staffer | conflict of interest Warren's Reported SEC Nominee Could Face Conflict of Interest Sen. Elizabeth Warren (AP Images) By Wanda Carruthers   |   Friday, 05 May 2017 04:47 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The reported choice of Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is currently one her staffers, whose wife is a defense lawyer and has represented banks before the SEC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). This opens a possible conflict of interest. Bharat Ramamurti is Warren's senior banking counsel, and his wife, Paige Ammons, works at the Washington law firm Buckley Sandler, whose LinkdIn account stated that among her clients were individuals being investigated by government agencies, including the SEC, Department of Justice, and the CFPB, the Washington Examiner reported Friday. Warren is "staunchly backing" his nomination, according to sources. President Donald Trump has been unable to fill open seats on the SEC and CFPB, and currently each agency has two members, a Republican and a Democrat, which has hampered the president's efforts to roll back Wall Street regulations associated with the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act. There are three vacancies on the SEC still left to fill. A Washington Post article in 2011 explained that the Buckley Sandler law firm's clients included Morgan Stanley, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, BB&T and J.P. Morgan Chase. Warren has regularly criticized big banking practices. The Times article, based on a Reuters report from mid April, explained that the conflict of interest arises because "Warren is working to place the husband of a lawyer whose firm represents the big banks her spouse's boss regularly decries on the SEC." It further stated the SEC was the "primary regulator that polices and writes rules for Wall Street." Reuters reported Ramamurti declined to comment. If correct, her endorsement of Ramamurti would be particularly striking since Reuters explained Warren voted against Trump's one approved nominee to lead the panel, Jay Clayton, citing conflict of interest claims due to his position at a law firm, Sullivan & Cromwell, which has represented large banks. The Times explained Ramamurti had "extensive involvement in Warren's work regarding financial regulatory policy," and that his work already "overlaps heavily" with that of his wife. It also stated that even if Warren was not backing him for the SEC post, "his work in Warren's office and his wife's work at Buckley Sandler raise enough questions on their own." Related Stories: Trump's Threats to Break Up Banks Aren't Scaring Wall Street Yet Empty Seats at SEC, CFTC Blocking Trump Bid's to Undo Dodd-Frank © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront The reported choice of Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is currently one her staffers, whose wife is a defense lawyer and has represented banks before the SEC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau... elizabeth warren, pick, sec, staffer, conflict of interest 374 Friday, 05 May 2017 04:47 PM 2017-47-05 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like GOP Chairman Tells Agencies What to Release in FOIA Requests Friday, 05 May 2017 22:15 PM A House Republican chairman has told a dozen government agencies to exclude communications with his committee from reque . . . Ellen DeGeneres Doesn't Want Trump on Her Show Friday, 05 May 2017 21:12 PM Ellen DeGeneres said in a new interview she does not want President Donald Trump appearing on her show. . . . Conway: Dems 'Critical,' 'Skeptical' of Hillary Return Friday, 05 May 2017 20:53 PM Democrats are "critical" and "skeptical" of a return of former Sec. of State Hillary Clinton to the political arena, fol . . . More Most Commented House Passes Healthcare Bill in Big Victory for Trump Thursday, 04 May 2017 | 561 comments It must be good if Pelosi is against it... Report: GOP Healthcare Vote Hanging by Thread Monday, 01 May 2017 | 543 comments What a disgrace....The Republicans voted numerous times to repeal/defund... Trump: US Needs a 'Good Shutdown' in September Tuesday, 02 May 2017 | 483 comments Securing the border is racist and homophobic too, it would seem.I think it... Trump Campaign Claims CNN Rejected 100 Days Ad Tuesday, 02 May 2017 | 447 comments Yes they do, but I'm guessing this is the first time EVER that an American... Trump on Twitter: 'Everybody' Has Better Healthcare Than US Friday, 05 May 2017 | 376 comments We are eventually headed for single payer national insurance with the... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yoram Palti Sells 8,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock National Instruments Corp (NATI) Director Sells $86,075.00 in Stock Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Has $3.834 Million Stake in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $229,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC OLD National Bancorp IN Invests $467,000 in Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Heartland Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) 600,000 Shares in USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) Acquired by Heartland Advisors Inc. Heartland Advisors Inc. Acquires 50,500 Shares of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Blue Fin Capital Inc. Maintains Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) Harris Co. (HRS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $958,000 Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ford Motor Company (F) to Announce $0.44 EPS $0.35 EPS Expected for State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) This Quarter Aceto Co. (ACET) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Versartis Inc (VSAR) Now Covered by Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Issues Earnings Results Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (fdp) Declares $0.15 Quarterly Dividend Blucora Inc (BCOR) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Issues Earnings Results Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) by 46.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 55,875 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock after buying an additional 17,806 shares during the period. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $1,477,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Pacific Center for Financial Services purchased a new position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc during the fourth quarter worth approximately $112,000. Apriem Advisors boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 6.7% in the third quarter. Apriem Advisors now owns 4,428 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 279 shares during the period. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 4.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 4,956 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Washington Trust Bank boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 26.2% in the first quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 5,011 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 1,040 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2,240.9% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 136,100 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 130,286 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 9.59% of the company’s stock. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded up 0.97% on Friday, reaching $27.01. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,540,014 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $26.27 and its 200-day moving average price is $25.81. Vodafone Group Plc has a 52 week low of $24.17 and a 52 week high of $34.70. The company’s market capitalization is $75.39 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/vodafone-group-plc-vod-stake-raised-by-sequoia-financial-advisors-llc.html. VOD has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Zacks Investment Research raised Vodafone Group Plc from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc lowered Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.35. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yoram Palti Sells 8,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock National Instruments Corp (NATI) Director Sells $86,075.00 in Stock Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Has $3.834 Million Stake in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $229,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC OLD National Bancorp IN Invests $467,000 in Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Heartland Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) 600,000 Shares in USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) Acquired by Heartland Advisors Inc. Heartland Advisors Inc. Acquires 50,500 Shares of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Blue Fin Capital Inc. Maintains Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) Harris Co. (HRS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $958,000 Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ford Motor Company (F) to Announce $0.44 EPS $0.35 EPS Expected for State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) This Quarter Aceto Co. (ACET) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Versartis Inc (VSAR) Now Covered by Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Issues Earnings Results Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (fdp) Declares $0.15 Quarterly Dividend Blucora Inc (BCOR) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Issues Earnings Results Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Has $3.834 Million Stake in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) by 7,252,600.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 145,054 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock after buying an additional 145,052 shares during the period. Vodafone Group Plc accounts for 1.9% of Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 23rd largest position. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc.’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $3,834,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in VOD. Pacific Center for Financial Services purchased a new stake in Vodafone Group Plc during the fourth quarter worth $112,000. Apriem Advisors increased its stake in Vodafone Group Plc by 6.7% in the third quarter. Apriem Advisors now owns 4,428 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 279 shares during the period. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. increased its stake in Vodafone Group Plc by 4.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 4,956 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Washington Trust Bank increased its stake in Vodafone Group Plc by 26.2% in the first quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 5,011 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 1,040 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC increased its stake in Vodafone Group Plc by 2,240.9% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 136,100 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 130,286 shares during the period. 9.59% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded up 0.97% on Friday, hitting $27.01. 4,540,014 shares of the stock were exchanged. Vodafone Group Plc has a 1-year low of $24.17 and a 1-year high of $34.70. The company’s market capitalization is $75.39 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $26.27 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.81. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/riggs-asset-managment-co-inc-has-3-834-million-stake-in-vodafone-group-plc-vod.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Bank of America Corp downgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Vodafone Group Plc currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $30.35. Vodafone Group Plc Company Profile Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yoram Palti Sells 8,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock National Instruments Corp (NATI) Director Sells $86,075.00 in Stock Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Has $3.834 Million Stake in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $229,000 Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Stake Raised by Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC OLD National Bancorp IN Invests $467,000 in Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Heartland Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) 600,000 Shares in USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) Acquired by Heartland Advisors Inc. Heartland Advisors Inc. Acquires 50,500 Shares of Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) Blue Fin Capital Inc. Maintains Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) Harris Co. (HRS) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $958,000 Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Ford Motor Company (F) to Announce $0.44 EPS $0.35 EPS Expected for State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) This Quarter Aceto Co. (ACET) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Versartis Inc (VSAR) Now Covered by Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Issues Earnings Results Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (fdp) Declares $0.15 Quarterly Dividend Blucora Inc (BCOR) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Issues Earnings Results Yoram Palti Sells 8,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) insider Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.64, for a total transaction of $93,120.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 95,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,115,403. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Yoram Palti also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, April 28th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.25, for a total transaction of $90,000.00. On Wednesday, April 26th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.78, for a total transaction of $86,240.00. On Monday, April 24th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.26, for a total transaction of $90,080.00. On Thursday, April 20th, Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.24, for a total transaction of $89,920.00. On Monday, April 17th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.77, for a total transaction of $43,080.00. On Thursday, April 13th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.43, for a total transaction of $41,720.00. On Wednesday, April 12th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.72, for a total transaction of $42,880.00. On Tuesday, April 18th, Yoram Palti sold 16,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.64, for a total transaction of $170,240.00. Shares of Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 4.42% on Friday, reaching $11.80. 582,814 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $1.04 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $9.82 and a 200 day moving average of $8.16. Novocure Ltd has a 12-month low of $5.95 and a 12-month high of $14.30. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. Novocure had a negative return on equity of 69.89% and a negative net margin of 219.29%. The business earned $34.88 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $39.46 million. On average, equities research analysts expect that Novocure Ltd will post ($0.90) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Yoram Palti Sells 8,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/yoram-palti-sells-8000-shares-of-novocure-ltd-nvcr-stock-2.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Flinton Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Novocure during the fourth quarter valued at $111,000. Creative Planning increased its stake in Novocure by 32.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 16,857 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 4,100 shares during the period. Wedbush Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in Novocure during the first quarter valued at $381,000. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in Novocure by 21.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 95,674 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $751,000 after buying an additional 16,741 shares during the period. Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in Novocure by 18.4% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 98,087 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $770,000 after buying an additional 15,218 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 21.98% of the company’s stock. NVCR has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Monday. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $20.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Novocure from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday. Finally, Aegis reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Novocure has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $16.43. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Simple goal: An improved Alamo, plaza HOPE for San Antonio’s homeless — offered by city’s cops Trump’s first 100 from one vantage point Kawhi Leonard threw down an epic revenge dunk on Clinta Capela Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Man calls police to report burglary, fires shots at them Local officials call on Abbott to veto “sanctuary cities’ North Side 3-alarm fire sends two to area hospital Big Give SA goes off without a glitch, raises $4.6 million US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Police officer free on bond in teen's suburban Dallas death Prosecutors dropping 2 teens' charges in school rape case Snake fan hunts pythons in Florida to save other critters In Mosul, hunger grows amid slow advances against IS Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Biglari Holdings posts reports $15.8 million first-quarter loss Fulcrum plans high-end offices in Medical Center area San Antonio taps Cityflag for its 311 app San Antonio-based Tesoro expected to post nearly a 37% drop in 1Q Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Postgame Wrap: Spurs needed Aldridge, he provided in Game 3 win Softball: Friday’s high school results Baseball: Friday’s high school results Track and field: Friday’s high school results Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Farm-to-table cafe opening this weekend on Blanco Road S.A. bar's eye-popping 'Fiesta in a Cup' Michelada is a Cinco De San Antonio restaurant inspections: May 5, 2017 2 new Whataburger condiments coming to H-E-B Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties This week's movies: 'Guardians' return Photos: San Antonio 'Star Wars' fans celebrate May the 4th with Texas is cool and sexy in new Amazon sitcom Terminal 136 artist cast off doubts about political work Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Training the next best ninja warrior House of Representatives passes high risk insurance plan S.A. twin sisters made a career from old pallets Baby's Big Red, tamales photoshoot is the epitome of Texas Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Ann Coulter, the liberal Your Turn: May 7 Texas a clear NAFTA winner Letting police officers do their jobs is part of the deal Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Kia updates its Cadenza sedan for 2017, boosting technology, Chrysler rolls out its first hybrid minivan for 2017 with the Toyota Tacoma TRD Pro back in line for 2017, bringing off-road Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features After jobs report, a late push takes stocks to new records US jobs data show some scars from recession finally healing US consumer borrowing rises solid $16.4 billion in March Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/eagle-ford-energy/article/San-Antonio-based-Tesoro-expected-to-post-nearly-11124793.php San Antonio-based Tesoro expected to post nearly a 37% drop in 1Q profit By Rye Druzin Published 2:20 pm, Friday, May 5, 2017 Photo: San Antonio Express-News File Photo Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 San Antonio-based Tesoro Corp. is poised to become the fifth-largest refiner in the U.S. after a $4.1 billion acquisition in November. San Antonio-based Tesoro Corp. is poised to become the fifth-largest refiner in the U.S. after a $4.1 billion acquisition in November. Photo: San Antonio Express-News File Photo San Antonio-based Tesoro expected to post nearly a 37% drop in 1Q profit 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Analysts expect San Antonio-based refiner Tesoro Corp. to post a first-quarter profit of $36.8 million, down nearly 37 percent compared with $58 million last year’s first quarter. The company — which is poised to become the fifth-largest refiner in the U.S. after a $4.1 billion acquisition — is expected to have earnings per share of 30 cents for the first quarter, a 37.5 percent drop compared with 48 cents a share in the year-ago period. The company will report its earnings after markets close Monday. Tesoro announced in November that it was acquiring Western Refining. The $4.1 billion purchase, which was approved by shareholders in March, will add three refineries with over 250,000 barrels of refining capacity to Tesoro’s 895,000 barrels of refining capacity. Tesoro operates seven refineries across the Western U.S., including three in California and two in North Dakota. Tesoro will also take on Western’s $1.7 billion in debt and a $605 million noncontrolling interest in Western Refining Logistics, which manages pipeline and storage infrastructure for Western’s refining assets. That gives the deal an overall value of $6.4 billion. Phil Gresh of JPMorgan Chase said the Western acquisition “further diversifies Tesoro’s refining geographic mix and adds scale with a top-tier refining asset.” He added that the proximity of Western’s 131,000-barrel El Paso refinery to West Texas’ Permian Basin oil field “adds an interesting Permian growth angle to the midstream story.” Billions of dollars of oil and gas investment has poured into the Permian over the last two years as companies attempt to gain acreage in the shale basin, which has some of the lowest break-even prices in the country. Analysts expect Tesoro Logistics, the master limited partnership formed by Tesoro Corp. in 2010 to handle the company’s pipeline and storage infrastructure, to post first-quarter profit of $103.8 million, about a 13 percent increase over the $92 million from last year’s first quarter. On a per-share basis, analysts are forecasting earnings of 64 cents a unit, matching its earnings from the year-ago period. Tesoro Logistics will report its earnings after markets close Monday. The projected increase would be in part tied to additional revenue related to Tesoro Logistics’ $1.1 billion purchase of terminal, pipeline and storage assets in November. rdruzin@express-news.net @druz_journo Spurs Nation Sen. Ted Cruz picks a side in the Spurs-Rockets series Popovich: I'm watching the worst offense I've ever seen... Meet S.A.'s new hero: The 'Nombre shut up' Spurs fan Doctor gives update on Tony Parker surgery    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest SAPD: S.A. man fires 15 shots at police after reporting burglary North Side fire sends two to area hospital NEISD: H.S. student attempted suicide as teens watched Navy veteran, gang member among 8 arrested in S.A. sex sting 398 birds die after crashing into Texas building NBC announces another show has been cut Actress turns heads in eye-popping dress at TV screening Texas officer turns himself in to face murder charge S.A. twin sisters made a career from old pallets BCSO: Armed driver leads deputies on 115 mph chase, crashes on... Texas Senate votes to end state vehicle inspections S.A. twin sisters show off hot designs $2.2 million Boerne home features Spurs-inspired gym Take a tour of San Antonio architects’ homes Mugshots: 270 arrested on DWI charges during Fiesta 65 arrested on felony DWI charges in S.A., records show San Antonio TV reporter booked on DWI charge Inspections: Stone Oak-area spots among S.A.'s dirtiest eateries 2 new Whataburger condiments coming to H-E-B Stellar margaritas make El Mirador S.A.'s summer hangout 4 Texas cities among best in U.S. for job seekers Now hiring in S.A.: Hulu boasts employee perks, game room 2017's 10 fastest growing jobs in Texas Recent Breaking News South Texas border patrol agents rescue 18 immigrants being... BCSO: Man arrested after lighting house on fire during warrant... Charred BMW in South Side Gold's Gym parking lot becomes... Most Popular 1 Meet S.A.'s new hero: The 'Nombre shut up' Spurs fan 2 NEISD: Lee H.S. student attempted suicide during school day as... 3 Ariel Winter's eye-popping dress looked way out of place at... 4 Mugshots: 270 people arrested on DWI charges during Fiesta 2017 5 BCSO: Armed driver leads deputies on 115 mph chase, crashes on... 6 Texas Senate votes to end state vehicle inspections 7 'Emerald City' canceled at NBC; which shows are next? Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NTT Docomo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Increases Position in SpartanNash Co (SPTN) NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Stake Boosted by Geneva Advisors LLC Geneva Advisors LLC Has $1.106 Million Position in Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Takes Position in Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Geneva Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Heska Corp (HSKA) Geneva Advisors LLC Sells 13,822 Shares of Five Below Inc (FIVE) Geneva Advisors LLC Sells 685 Shares of ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Geneva Advisors LLC Acquires 4,014 Shares of Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Position Increased by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Shares Bought by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Geneva Advisors LLC Has $3.475 Million Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Channing Capital Management LLC Has $19.028 Million Stake in Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Takes Position in Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Purchases 89,465 Shares of Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Takes Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Stake Maintained by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Decreases Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) Moody's Co. (MCO) Shares Bought by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS FY2017 EPS Estimates for VF Corp (VFC) Cut by Analyst Flexible Solutions International, Inc. (FSI) Lifted to “B-” at TheStreet NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Stake Boosted by Geneva Advisors LLC May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Geneva Advisors LLC boosted its position in NTT Docomo Inc (NYSE:DCM) by 6.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 50,598 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 2,845 shares during the period. Geneva Advisors LLC’s holdings in NTT Docomo were worth $1,181,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of NTT Docomo by 113.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,669,085 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $38,973,000 after buying an additional 886,449 shares in the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in shares of NTT Docomo by 13.7% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 3,077,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $70,020,000 after buying an additional 371,900 shares in the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management boosted its position in shares of NTT Docomo by 92.2% in the fourth quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 80,980 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,842,000 after buying an additional 38,840 shares in the last quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of NTT Docomo during the fourth quarter worth approximately $724,000. Finally, Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of NTT Docomo by 12.5% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 224,791 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $5,393,000 after buying an additional 24,987 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 0.51% of the company’s stock. NTT Docomo Inc (NYSE:DCM) traded up 0.33% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $24.13. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 122,187 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $23.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $23.67. The stock has a market cap of $89.41 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.01 and a beta of 0.18. NTT Docomo Inc has a one year low of $21.96 and a one year high of $28.43. NTT Docomo (NYSE:DCM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.05. The business earned $9.81 billion during the quarter. NTT Docomo had a net margin of 14.11% and a return on equity of 12.22%. On average, analysts forecast that NTT Docomo Inc will post $1.56 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/ntt-docomo-inc-dcm-stake-boosted-by-geneva-advisors-llc.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on DCM. Zacks Investment Research cut NTT Docomo from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut NTT Docomo from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald cut NTT Docomo from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. NTT Docomo Company Profile NTT DOCOMO, INC. (DOCOMO) is a mobile telecommunications carrier. The Company operates through three segments: telecommunications business, smart life business and other businesses. The telecommunications business segment includes mobile phone services (long-term evolution (LTE) (Xi) services and freedom of mobile multimedia access (FOMA) services), optical-fiber broadband service, satellite mobile communications services, international services and equipment sales related to these services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DCM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NTT Docomo Inc (NYSE:DCM). Receive News & Ratings for NTT Docomo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Koninklijke DSM - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koninklijke DSM with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Expectations for Storage Vault Canada Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (SVI) FY2017 EPS Estimates for T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Boosted by Gabelli FY2017 EPS Estimates for Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) Lifted by Barrington Research Jefferies Group Comments on Koninklijke DSM’s FY2017 Earnings (RDSMY) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Increases Position in SpartanNash Co (SPTN) NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Stake Boosted by Geneva Advisors LLC Geneva Advisors LLC Has $1.106 Million Position in Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Takes Position in Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Geneva Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Heska Corp (HSKA) Geneva Advisors LLC Sells 13,822 Shares of Five Below Inc (FIVE) Geneva Advisors LLC Sells 685 Shares of ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Geneva Advisors LLC Acquires 4,014 Shares of Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Position Increased by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Shares Bought by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Geneva Advisors LLC Has $3.475 Million Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Channing Capital Management LLC Has $19.028 Million Stake in Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Takes Position in Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Purchases 89,465 Shares of Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Takes Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Stake Maintained by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Jefferies Group Comments on Koninklijke DSM’s FY2017 Earnings (RDSMY) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Koninklijke DSM (OTC:RDSMY) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group boosted their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Koninklijke DSM in a report issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst L. Alexander now anticipates that the basic materials company will post earnings of $0.99 per share for the year, up from their previous estimate of $0.94. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Koninklijke DSM’s FY2019 earnings at $1.07 EPS and FY2020 earnings at $1.15 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/jefferies-group-comments-on-koninklijke-dsms-fy2017-earnings-rdsmy.html. Several other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Liberum Capital raised Koninklijke DSM from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Koninklijke DSM from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Koninklijke DSM (OTC:RDSMY) traded down 0.05% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $18.29. The stock had a trading volume of 31,313 shares. The company has a market cap of $12.80 billion and a PE ratio of 19.45. The company’s 50 day moving average is $17.39 and its 200-day moving average is $16.13. Koninklijke DSM has a 12 month low of $13.46 and a 12 month high of $18.32. Koninklijke DSM Company Profile Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM) is a global science-based company, engaged in offering health, nutrition and materials. The Company’s segments include Nutrition, Performance Materials, Innovation Center and Corporate Activities. Its Nutrition segment includes DSM Nutritional Products and DSM Food Specialties. Receive News & Ratings for Koninklijke DSM Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koninklijke DSM and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TRACON Pharmaceuticals (TCON) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.03 Somewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Impact Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Share Price TELUS (TU) Earns News Impact Rating of -0.04 Colliers International Group Inc (CIGI) Rating Lowered to C+ at TheStreet 51job, Inc. (JOBS) Reaches New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings Enbridge Inc (ENB) Raises Dividend to $0.44 Per Share Public Storage (PSA) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results TheStreet Upgrades P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) to B- Snc-Lavalin Group (SNC) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Global Payments Inc (GPN) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Jernigan Capital Inc (JCAP) Issues Earnings Results Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet J M Smucker (SJM) Given Daily News Impact Rating of -0.02 Exelon Co. (EXC) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets MicroStrategy Incorporated (MSTR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Mobileye NV (MBLY) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $120.98 Million Eros International plc (EROS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $60.1 Million Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 15,343 Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Cabot Corp (CBT) Raised by Analyst Somewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Impact Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Share Price May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) have been trending somewhat negative recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a division of Accern, ranks the sentiment of press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Synchronoss Technologies earned a media sentiment score of -0.03 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave press coverage about the software maker an impact score of 74 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: Why Shares of Synchronoss Technologies Are Surging Today (fool.com) The Klein Law Firm Announces a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. Shareholders and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of June 30, 2017 (feeds.benzinga.com) Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Major Shareholder Acquires $21,568,815.87 in Stock (americanbankingnews.com) BRIEF-Silver Private Holdings reports 12.93 pct stake in Synchronoss Technologies (feeds.reuters.com) IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 14.63% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $17.71. The stock had a trading volume of 1,996,723 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $23.03 and its 200-day moving average price is $34.41. The firm has a market capitalization of $778.94 million, a PE ratio of 39.36 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies has a 1-year low of $11.15 and a 1-year high of $49.94. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The company earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The firm’s revenue was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.61 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.08 earnings per share for the current year. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 target price on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus cut their target price on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their target price for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Synchronoss Technologies from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Synchronoss Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $45.00 to $13.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Synchronoss Technologies currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $29.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/somewhat-critical-news-coverage-likely-to-impact-synchronoss-technologies-sncr-share-price.html. In other news, major shareholder Silver Private Holdings I, Llc purchased 1,357,383 shares of Synchronoss Technologies stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $15.89 per share, for a total transaction of $21,568,815.87. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Robert Garcia sold 9,935 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.47, for a total transaction of $322,589.45. Following the sale, the insider now owns 82,397 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,675,430.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 16,406 shares of company stock worth $513,101. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. About Synchronoss Technologies Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Takes Position in NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Stake Raised by Jennison Associates LLC Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Stake Reduced by Jennison Associates LLC Steven D. Bishop Sells 2,668 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stock Matthew Linnington Sells 1,037 Shares of CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Stock Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 7,244 IMPINJ Inc (PI) Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $167,000 Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Jennison Associates LLC Decreases Stake in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Shares Bought by Jennison Associates LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Ares Capital Co. (ARCC) Earns Neutral Rating from Janney Montgomery Scott Insider Selling: Collectors Universe, Inc. (CLCT) Director Sells $271,800.00 in Stock BTIG Research Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Evertec Inc (EVTC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.38 EPS Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Essex Property Trust (ESS) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.34 Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $167,000 Position in HP Inc (HPQ) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC reduced its position in shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) by 4.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 9,323 shares of the computer maker’s stock after selling 409 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC’s holdings in HP were worth $167,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in shares of HP during the third quarter worth about $106,000. FineMark National Bank & Trust raised its stake in shares of HP by 2.4% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 7,027 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 168 shares in the last quarter. CWM LLC raised its stake in shares of HP by 0.3% in the first quarter. CWM LLC now owns 6,419 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of HP during the third quarter worth about $120,000. Finally, Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of HP by 9.6% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 8,000 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter. 78.94% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded up 0.027% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $18.795. The company had a trading volume of 4,784,929 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $31.83 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.821 and a beta of 1.52. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $17.94 and a 200 day moving average of $16.11. HP Inc has a 12-month low of $11.31 and a 12-month high of $19.03. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.01. HP had a negative return on equity of 63.67% and a net margin of 5.17%. The firm earned $12.68 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.82 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.36 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that HP Inc will post $1.62 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $167,000 Position in HP Inc (HPQ)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/genovese-burford-brothers-wealth-retirement-plan-management-llc-has-167000-position-in-hp-inc-hpq.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Brean Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of HP in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of HP in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Mizuho lifted their target price on HP from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on HP from $16.00 to $16.50 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.00 target price on shares of HP in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $18.28. In other news, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.95, for a total value of $189,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 51,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $980,567.75. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 52,387 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total value of $995,353.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 52,387 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $995,353. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 1,093,741 shares of company stock valued at $19,482,770 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.51% of the company’s stock. HP Company Profile HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ophthotech Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ophthotech Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Research Coverage Started at Tigress Financial Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DISH Network Corp (DISH) PT Lowered to $83.00 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for DISH Network Corp (DISH) Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Camelot Portfolios LLC Cuts Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Lowered by Horseman Capital Management Ltd Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Takes Position in NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Stake Raised by Jennison Associates LLC Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Stake Reduced by Jennison Associates LLC Steven D. Bishop Sells 2,668 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stock Matthew Linnington Sells 1,037 Shares of CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Stock Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 7,244 IMPINJ Inc (PI) Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $167,000 Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Jennison Associates LLC Decreases Stake in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Shares Bought by Jennison Associates LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Ophthotech Corp (NASDAQ:OPHT) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research currently has $3.25 target price on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Following the failure of lead candidate Fovista to to show benefit in two pivotal phase III studies, Ophthotech said  that it will cut its workforce by 80%, terminate and wind-down the two failed Fovista studies and Fovista expansion studies and cancel Fovista manufacturing commitments. The company will also reassess the Fovista and Zimura development programs in 2017 and may modify, expand or terminate some or all of these development programs. Shares of Ophthotech have underperformed the broader industry in the past one year. However, the company has begun a strategic review process to acquire assets in the ophthalmology space. It will also review the scientific rationale for studying Fovista and Zimura in one or new ophthalmic indications. Estimates have remained mostly stable lately ahead of the Q1 earnings results. Ophthotech has a mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters.” Ophthotech Corp (NASDAQ:OPHT) traded down 1.978% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $2.725. The company had a trading volume of 462,868 shares. Ophthotech Corp has a 12 month low of $2.65 and a 12 month high of $65.96. The company’s market capitalization is $97.58 million. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $3.17 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.84. Ophthotech Corp (NASDAQ:OPHT) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.20) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.31) by $0.11. Ophthotech Corp had a negative return on equity of 916.07% and a negative net margin of 323.19%. The company had revenue of $1.66 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.94 million. Equities research analysts anticipate that Ophthotech Corp will post ($3.99) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/ophthotech-corp-opht-raised-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Ophthotech Corp news, CFO Glenn Sblendorio sold 7,388 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $3.56, for a total transaction of $26,301.28. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in OPHT. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in Ophthotech Corp by 0.8% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 64,552 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,978,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Swiss National Bank boosted its position in Ophthotech Corp by 1.3% in the third quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 42,622 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,966,000 after buying an additional 534 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Ophthotech Corp by 1.2% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 49,244 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,272,000 after buying an additional 573 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Ophthotech Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 114,778 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,295,000 after buying an additional 1,003 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Ophthotech Corp by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 94,567 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,363,000 after buying an additional 1,986 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 95.66% of the company’s stock. Ophthotech Corp Company Profile Ophthotech Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the development of therapeutics to treat ophthalmic diseases, with a focus on diseases of the back of the eye. Its primary focus is developing therapeutics for age-related macular degeneration (AMD), which is a disorder of the central portion of the retina, known as the macula, that may result in blindness. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ophthotech Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ophthotech Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Church & Dwight Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kellogg Company (K) Position Boosted by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Buys Shares of 4,604 Lennar Co. (LEN) Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance 12,808 Shares in KeyCorp (KEY) Acquired by Advisor Partners LLC W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Shares Bought by SPC Financial Inc. Advisor Partners LLC Acquires Shares of 4,688 Unilever NV (UN) Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Issues Earnings Results Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Coconut Grove Bank Boosts Stake in Western Digital Corp (WDC) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Buys New Stake in Agrium Inc. (AGU) salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stake Reduced by Coconut Grove Bank Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Sells 912,263 Shares of Staples, Inc. (SPLS) China Lodging Group (HTHT) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.50 Advisor Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Very Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Mplx Lp (MPLX) Stock Price Canal Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 2,816 Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Partnerre (PRE) Stock Price Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Thursday morning. The company provided EPS guidance of $1.92 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $1.90. Church & Dwight Co. also updated its Q2 guidance to $0.37 EPS. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) traded down 0.51% during trading on Friday, reaching $50.59. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,094,019 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $12.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.91 and a beta of 0.43. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $50.00 and its 200 day moving average is $47.19. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. has a 52-week low of $42.56 and a 52-week high of $53.68. Church & Dwight Co. (NYSE:CHD) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.52 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.06. Church & Dwight Co. had a return on equity of 23.11% and a net margin of 13.14%. The business had revenue of $877.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $869.06 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.43 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Church & Dwight Co., Inc. will post $1.90 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 16th will be paid a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.49%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 12th. Church & Dwight Co.’s payout ratio is 40.69%. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on CHD. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a sector perform rating and issued a $45.00 price objective on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a research note on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $58.00 target price (up previously from $54.00) on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a neutral rating and a $53.00 target price on the stock. Barclays PLC set a $47.00 target price on Church & Dwight Co. and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Church & Dwight Co. from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $49.57. In other news, VP Paul A. Siracusa sold 25,000 shares of Church & Dwight Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.02, for a total transaction of $1,250,500.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 26,279 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,314,475.58. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Steven P. Cugine sold 17,400 shares of Church & Dwight Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.83, for a total value of $867,042.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 46,348 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,309,520.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 62,400 shares of company stock worth $3,110,542 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 2.17% of the company’s stock. WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/church-dwight-co-inc-chd-issues-fy17-earnings-guidance.html. About Church & Dwight Co. Church & Dwight Co, Inc develops, manufactures and markets a range of household, personal care and specialty products. The Company’s segments include Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division (SPD). The Company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors. Receive News & Ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: Moving Up to the Public Cloud Lured by cost savings, corporate IT is shifting… Annual Harvest More companies are using a subscription-based… Free from Bayer, Covestro Finally Can Build for the Future The spun-off materials science company had to… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology The Economy Job Market Bounces Back With 211,000 Gain “The American job machine returned to form in April,” an economist says as unemployment drops to its lowest level since May 2007. Matthew Heller May 5, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* The U.S. labor market “returned to form” in April as hiring rebounded from a tough March and unemployment dropped to its lowest level in nearly a decade. The Labor Department reported Friday that employers added 211,000 jobs last month, recovering from a meager, downwardly revised gain of 79,000 in March. April’s increase exceeded this year’s monthly average of 185,000. Recommended Stories: Inflation Shows Biggest Drop Since Jan. 2015 U.S. Economic Growth Slows to 0.7% in Q1 Durable Goods Orders Increase 0.7% in March The unemployment rate, meanwhile, fell to 4.4%, a 0.1% improvement on March that took it to the lowest level since May 2007. The April report apparently confirmed the March numbers were something of a blip that did not reflect the underlying strength of the job market. “The American job machine returned to form in April,” James Marple, senior economist at TD Economics, wrote in a note to clients. “The re-acceleration in jobs should assuage fears that economic growth is slowing in any meaningful way.” Reuters said the rebound supports the Federal Reserve’s “contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely ‘transitory,’ and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a ‘moderate’ pace.” “These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting,” said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. After the jobs report was released, futures markets indicated a 78.5% chance that central bank officials would lift interest rates when they next meet in June. A sharp dropoff in construction hiring, in part due to a snowstorm in the Northeast, had contributed to the disappointing March report. The bulk of the job gains in April came from leisure and hospitality, education and health, and business services but even beleaguered sectors such as mining and manufacturing showed growth. Other labor market metrics continued to improve in March, with the U-6 rate — a measure of underemployment that includes those who have given up looking for work and who are employed part time but would like to be full time — falling to 8.6%, the lowest level seen since 2007. Post navigation ← SEC’s Chief Accountant: Issuers Must Address ‘Other Reporting’ Risks Revlon Shares Fall 23% on Swing to Q1 Loss → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles KPMG Replaces Audit Chair in Wake of PCAOB Leaks How to Get Your ROI on Employee Benefits Spending Revenue Recognition Disclosure Requirements: A Challenge That Can’t Wait Auditors Can Be Friendly as Well as Skeptical, Study Finds Think Like a Start-up, Be a Better CFO Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marcus Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 (MCS) Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Raises Dividend to $0.70 Per Share Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 Ally Financial Inc (ALLY) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $97.684 Million Stake in Watsco Inc (WSO) National Bank Financial Reiterates C$4.25 Price Target for Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Scotiabank Lowers Horizon North Logistics Inc. (HNL) Price Target to C$2.00 Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Upgraded at Barclays PLC Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) PT Lowered to C$8.00 Scotiabank Cuts Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO) Price Target to C$39.00 Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Acquires Shares of 19,093 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Gregory Bryan Marshall Sells 11,765 Shares of Entegris Inc (ENTG) Stock Susan L. Bostrom Sells 3,589 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stock Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Insider Selling: GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Sells $295,028.58 in Stock Robert John Terry Sells 3,233 Shares of Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Stock Joseph Stilwell Buys 2,000 Shares of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Stock Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 688,384 Shares of AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Tahoe Resources Inc (NYSE:TAHO) announced a monthly dividend on Thursday, May 4th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of 0.02 per share by the basic materials company on Thursday, May 25th. This represents a $0.24 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.84%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 16th. Tahoe Resources (NYSE:TAHO) traded up 2.25% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $8.65. The stock had a trading volume of 1,677,666 shares. The stock has a market cap of $2.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.25 and a beta of 0.47. The company has a 50-day moving average of $8.16 and a 200-day moving average of $9.21. Tahoe Resources has a 1-year low of $7.12 and a 1-year high of $17.01. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/tahoe-resources-inc-taho-to-issue-monthly-dividend-of-0-02.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Tahoe Resources from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded shares of Tahoe Resources from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Tahoe Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $11.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Tahoe Resources presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.00. Tahoe Resources Company Profile Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operations, and mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are the exploration, development, operation and acquisition of mineral properties for the mining of precious metals in the Americas. Its business involves operating the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation located in southeastern Guatemala, the La Arena and Shahuindo mines, gold mining operations located in northwestern Peru, and the Bell Creek mine and mill and the Timmins West mine, gold mining operations located in northeastern Ontario, Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Acquires Shares of 19,093 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Gregory Bryan Marshall Sells 11,765 Shares of Entegris Inc (ENTG) Stock Susan L. Bostrom Sells 3,589 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stock Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Insider Selling: GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Sells $295,028.58 in Stock Robert John Terry Sells 3,233 Shares of Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Stock Joseph Stilwell Buys 2,000 Shares of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Stock Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 688,384 Shares of AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Healthcare Realty Trust Inc (HR) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Evertec Inc (EVTC) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Perficient, Inc. (PRFT) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Perficient, Inc. (PRFT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Ag Growth International (AFN) GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Forum Energy Technologies Inc (FET) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research 8Point3 Energy Partners (CAFD) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. maintained its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,814 shares of the bank’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc.’s holdings in Cullen/Frost Bankers were worth $161,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of CFR. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. boosted its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 158.6% in the third quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. now owns 23,998 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,724,000 after buying an additional 14,719 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,635,409 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $117,651,000 after buying an additional 38,944 shares in the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 10.3% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 9,560 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $843,000 after buying an additional 890 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 5.2% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 520,005 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $37,409,000 after buying an additional 25,909 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Boston Private Wealth LLC boosted its stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 18.7% in the third quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC now owns 4,186 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $301,000 after buying an additional 660 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.64% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) traded down 0.89% during trading on Friday, hitting $91.80. The stock had a trading volume of 249,609 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.87 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.69 and a beta of 1.20. Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. has a 52 week low of $57.94 and a 52 week high of $97.56. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $89.59 and its 200 day moving average is $86.92. Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The bank reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.06. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 26.73% and a return on equity of 10.39%. The firm earned $292.21 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $319.56 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.07 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. will post $5.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a $0.57 dividend. This represents a $2.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.46%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. This is a boost from Cullen/Frost Bankers’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.54. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s payout ratio is 45.96%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-stake-maintained-by-rockefeller-financial-services-inc.html. Several analysts recently commented on CFR shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Barclays PLC raised their target price on Cullen/Frost Bankers from $89.00 to $96.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Royal Bank of Canada raised their target price on Cullen/Frost Bankers from $86.00 to $93.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from $67.00 to $95.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $94.00 target price on Cullen/Frost Bankers and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $84.33. In other Cullen/Frost Bankers news, insider Bobby Berman sold 7,940 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $93.35, for a total transaction of $741,199.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 38,596 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,602,936.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Patrick B. Frost sold 13,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $92.94, for a total transaction of $1,208,220.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 162,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,074,589.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 8.03% of the company’s stock. About Cullen/Frost Bankers Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CFR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR). Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nucor Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BB&T Corp Increases Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $314,000 Stake in Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $171,000 Position in SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $167,000 Position in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Decreases Position in C R Bard Inc (BCR) Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Stake Reduced by Oxbow Advisors LLC Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Tufton Capital Management Sells 415 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) Nucor Co. (NUE) Position Held by Northeast Financial Consultants Inc Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Declares $0.09 Quarterly Dividend Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Plans Special Dividend of $0.07 TIER REIT Inc (TIER) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Versabank (VB) Director Patrick George Buys 25,200 Shares O Bruton Smith Buys 19,273 Shares of Sonic Automotive Inc (SAH) Stock ResMed Inc. (RMD) Director Peter C. Farrell Sells 20,000 Shares CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Shares Up 4.2% Following Earnings Beat Guaranty Bancshares Prices IPO at $26.00-$28.00 Per Share (GNTY) Agenus Inc (AGEN) Trading Up -3.9% After Strong Earnings Tufton Capital Management Sells 415 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tufton Capital Management lowered its stake in Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) by 0.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 83,841 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 415 shares during the period. Tufton Capital Management’s holdings in Nucor were worth $5,007,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of NUE. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Nucor during the fourth quarter valued at about $492,657,000. FMR LLC raised its stake in Nucor by 905.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,715,677 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $161,637,000 after buying an additional 2,445,520 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in Nucor by 7.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 19,873,453 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $1,182,877,000 after buying an additional 1,301,263 shares in the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in Nucor by 153.2% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,359,960 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $67,251,000 after buying an additional 822,886 shares in the last quarter. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in Nucor during the fourth quarter valued at about $39,038,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 76.41% of the company’s stock. Shares of Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) traded down 0.93% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $60.52. 1,050,127 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Nucor Co. has a 52-week low of $44.81 and a 52-week high of $68.00. The firm has a market cap of $19.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.22 and a beta of 1.45. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $60.62 and a 200 day moving average price of $59.53. Nucor (NYSE:NUE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 20th. The basic materials company reported $1.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.14 by $0.03. Nucor had a net margin of 4.53% and a return on equity of 9.32%. The business earned $4.82 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.67 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.27 EPS. Nucor’s revenue for the quarter was up 29.6% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Nucor Co. will post $4.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 11th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.3775 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.51 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.47%. Nucor’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 65.94%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Tufton Capital Management Sells 415 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/tufton-capital-management-sells-415-shares-of-nucor-co-nue.html. NUE has been the topic of several analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on shares of Nucor from $70.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Barclays PLC increased their price target on shares of Nucor from $63.00 to $67.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Nucor from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Nucor from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $78.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Berenberg Bank reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price target on shares of Nucor in a research report on Sunday, February 5th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.91. In other news, insider Raymond S. Napolitan, Jr. sold 12,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.74, for a total value of $790,376.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 73,885 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,709,429.90. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Victoria F. Haynes sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.52, for a total transaction of $184,560.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 33,703 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,073,408.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 80,263 shares of company stock valued at $5,021,549 in the last ninety days. 0.63% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Nucor Company Profile Nucor Corporation (Nucor) manufactures steel and steel products. The Company produces direct reduced iron (DRI) for use in its steel mills. It operates in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. The steel mills segment produces and distributes sheet steel (hot-rolled, cold-rolled and galvanized), plate steel, structural steel (wide-flange beams, beam blanks, H-piling and sheet piling) and bar steel (blooms, billets, concrete reinforcing bar, merchant bar, wire rod and special bar quality). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NUE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE). Receive News & Ratings for Nucor Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: etf | investing | scapegoat | exchange | traded | funds ETFs Turn Into Investing World's No. 1 Scapegoat (Dollar Photo Club) By Eric Balchunas   |   Friday, 05 May 2017 01:04 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Despite saving investors about $20 billion a year in costs and taxes on capital gains distributions, exchange-traded funds are being blamed for most everything these days -- even things that haven’t happened yet. In the past six weeks alone, ETFs were accused of being weapons of mass destruction, creating a stock market bubble, holding stocks hostage, being hideous, making the market dumb and causing trading glitches. Most of these are histrionics from threatened parties that can be largely refuted with a few pieces of contextual data, but the last two do point to a more legitimate concern. Let’s start with the WMD, hostage and bubble claims, which are essentially the same attack: ETF flows are causing mindless buying of stocks regardless of fundamentals and this will end badly. Aside from the question of whether there even is a stock-market bubble, ETFs can't be guilty because they are tools, not catalysts. The Federal Reserve, an expanding economy, rising earnings and, more recently, President Donald Trump’s potentially pro-business agenda are what is causing stocks to rise. This is why blaming a stock bubble on ETFs is like blaming MP3s for Nickelback or One Direction. As for being WMDs or holding stocks hostage, ETFs simply don’t own enough of the stock market to be a systemic risk or even alter the fundamentals in any significant way. The U.S. stock market's total value rose from $10 trillion in 2008 to $27 trillion today. In that time, ETFs that invest in equities grew from $300 billion to $1.7 trillion. Even with all their growth they still only own little more than 6 percent of the equity pie. OK, but what about the fact that index funds and ETFs are taking all the flows lately? That matters, right? Perhaps, but let’s say ETFs didn’t exist and all the flows were going into active mutual funds instead. The money would be buying up the same stocks more or less -- albeit for a much higher fee. For example, the top 10 holdings of the actively managed Fidelity Magellan Fund are pretty close to the top holdings of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index. This brings us to what is really happening here. The flow of money into ETFs doesn't represent some mad rush to a specific asset class or sector; it’s simply a change in formats to access the same thing. Using the MP3 metaphor from above, just as consumers are still listening to music like they did 20 years ago, it’s just now at a fraction of the cost and in a more flexible format. With ETFs investors are still exposed to Apple Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Facebook Inc. -- it’s just at a fraction of the cost in a more flexible, tax-efficient wrapper. In short, money is being transferred from closet indexing to actual indexing, from high cost to low cost. So why are ETFs such a popular scapegoat? First, they pressure on fee revenue and livelihoods of active managers. For example, the asset manager who likened ETFs to WMDs runs a fund that has underperformed its benchmark by 62 percentage points over five years. We’ve seen similar attacks from underperforming hedge funds over the years. It’s important to look at the messenger. I’m still yet to see ETFs get attacked from someone who actually uses them. Second, it's cool to try and call the next internet bubble or subprime collapse. You'll look like a genius if you are right --  with a shot at getting in the next Michael Lewis book -- and you lose no credibility if you are wrong. ETFs -- as well as passive investing in general -- are a popular target for this crowd. Much of this springs from a lack of understanding about ETF’s regulatory structure and mechanics, including the creation and redemption process. This brings us to what I consider to be a legitimate worry about the growth of ETFs: all the trading. Although ETFs only own 6 percent of the stock market, they account for about 30 percent of trading volume -- double what it was 10 years ago. ETFs arguably suck up volume from the securities they track like a liquidity vampire. If more and more people stop trading stocks and bonds in favor of ETFs, it will drive up trading costs in the underlying securities while potentially making it more difficult to exit on big sell-off days. Another trading worry is that ETFs -- and modern markets in general -- are dependent on the grid and its plumbing. ETFs had problems trading recently after a software update at the New York Stock Exchange failed. This was just another reminder that in order for ETFs to trade properly, the exchanges have to be working perfectly with market makers getting all their inputs (pricing for stocks, bonds, derivatives). So if any part of the grid goes down or even has a glitch, as we’ve seen in the past, ETFs are almost sure to be affected. And you can bet they’ll get the blame. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. Eric Balchunas is an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence focused on exchange-traded funds. ETFs also get compared to CDOs (collateralized debt obligations) and derivatives a lot. But those are instruments with counterparty risk, whereas an ETF is structured like a mutual fund under the Investment Company Act, with assets physically held with a custodian. Not only does trading ETFs a lot pose potential issues for market, it likely will cost investors’ money. Studies have shown investors who trade too much tend to lose money. This isn’t to say there hasn’t been any work done on this front. After Aug. there were many tweaks to exchange rules that have helped. Anyway, individual stocks also can be affected by trading breakdowns on exchanges. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis Despite saving investors about $20 billion a year in costs and taxes on capital gains distributions, exchange-traded funds are being blamed for most everything these days -- even things that haven't happened yet. etf, investing, scapegoat, exchange, traded, funds 976 Friday, 05 May 2017 01:04 PM 2017-04-05 Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Sparks Fears of Tax War Against China, Other Countries Wednesday, 03 May 2017 | 85 comments So, the United States doesn't have the right for a good Deal or Prosperity... David Stockman: Trump's Tax Plan Is 'Dead on Arrival' Monday, 01 May 2017 | 75 comments '"It's a wonderful fantasy, he said of Trumps tax proposal. But there's no... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 39 comments This is a very good idea from Trump. Good for the fiscal deficit; good for... Trump Says He's Considering Moves to Break Up Wall Street Banks Monday, 01 May 2017 | 40 comments Let's do it!... Bernanke: GOP Making Bad Sell on Border Adjustment Tax Monday, 01 May 2017 | 10 comments Bernanke is correct about one thing it was never about trade.*Does anyone... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
