Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Stocks at Session Highs on Gains in Energy, Financials; Dow to Snap Losing Streak Stocks add to session highs on Tuesday as gains in the financials and energy sectors boost markets. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 2:25 PM EDT Stocks added to session highs on Tuesday as gains in the financials and energy sectors boosted markets.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average was on track to snap an eight-session losing streak, rising 0.84% or 170 points. The S&P 500 was up 0.9%, and the Nasdaq added 0.8%.   Crude oil prices moved higher ahead of weekly inventories data from the American Petroleum Institute Tuesday and official data from the Energy Information Administration on Wednesday. Expanding stockpiles and increasing production in the U.S. have hit crude oil prices in recent weeks. West Texas Intermediate crude was up 1.7% to $48.53 a barrel on Tuesday. Energy stocks were the best performers on markets Tuesday. Major oil companies Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A) , Chevron (CVX) , Schlumberger (SLB) , Enbridge (ENB) and ConocoPhillips (COP) saw modest gains, while the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLE) added 1%. Schlumberger is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells SLB? Learn more now. Financials crept higher on Tuesday after a days-long retreat. Banks such as JPMorgan (JPM) , Citigroup (C) , Royal Bank of Canada (RY) and Westpac (WBK) saw slight gains. Goldman Sachs (GS) and JPMorgan led the Dow. Citigroup is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells C? Learn more now. The Federal Reserve's Stanley Fischer straddled the line between dove and hawk. Fed Vice Chairman Fischer told CNBC that a "wait and see" policy was suitable for the Fed and that he anticipates two more interest rate hikes this year, in line with central bank estimates. Fischer also said the Fed keeps an eye on fiscal policy, a crucial move as Donald Trump tries to reform the tax code. Stocks have responded well to a Fed that has faith in the U.S. economic recovery but tightens monetary policy deliberately and gradually.  Areas of high unemployment remain in the U.S. economy even as the overall trend continues lower, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Tuesday. In remarks to the National Community Reinvestment Coalition, Yellen said interest rates are not the best way to correct the issue, but rather "effective workforce development options for these communities," including vocational trading and apprenticeships. Yellen said low-income and minority groups are most at risk of these high unemployment trends. The Dow looked likely to snap its longest losing streak since 2011. The Dow ended Monday in the red, its eighth day of losses in a row and its longest losing streak since August 2011. Stocks were under pressure for much of the day as Wall Street contemplated the way forward for the Trump White House after its defeat on health care reform. The GOP's failure to repeal and replace Obamacare, a major campaign commitment, was viewed as a litmus test for Trump's ability to achieve major change in Washington. The Dow hasn't finished higher since March 15 when the sheen of the Trump presidency began to fade. Trump had promised major tax reform and regulatory rollbacks, both which look like tougher sells after the clumsy handling of health care reform -- the bill appeared to be rushed through and was pushed toward a vote even without a healthy margin of support in Congress. The bill was pulled late Friday afternoon after two days of voting delays. House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday that he had not formulated a timeline for a fresh attempt at health care reform.  "The burden of proof for U.S. equities just got a little higher," said David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial. "The failure of health care reform means that the job of tax reform has now been made more difficult. And that is what the market cares more about ... If there is to be a rethinking of equity valuations, it should be limited on the downside by these improving fundamentals. But, there is still room for disappointment if tax reform fails to impress." Consumer confidence surged in March, continuing upward trends seen in the past few months. Confidence rose to a reading of 125.6 in March, according to the Conference Board, the highest level since December 2000. The index sat at 116.1 in February. Analysts had anticipated a small dip in March after the index reached a post-recession high last month.  Apple (AAPL) moved higher and was on track for another record close on Tuesday after UBS backed its support for the tech company. UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said he could see Apple reaching as high as $200 over the next few years, 40% above its current trading levels, though said his "most likely scenario" was gains to $175.  Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now. Ford (F) rose more than 2% on Tuesday after announcing plans to "create or retain" 130 jobs at its plant in Michigan. The jobs are part of the automaker's plans to increase capacity at its Romeo Engine factory, one of the ways in which Ford will invest $1.2 billion in three of its plants in the state.  Competitor General Motors (GM) was also higher after investor David Einhorn pushed for the company to generate two classes of stock to divide its dividends from earnings, such as stock repurchases. Einhorn said the plan would unlock significant shareholder value. GM has rejected Einhorn's suggestion. Credit agencies including Moody's said that Einhorn's proposal would likely cause a credit rating downgrade.  The advanced trade deficit in the U.S. declined by 5.9% in February to $64.8 billion. Wholesale inventories increased by 0.4%, while retail inventories rose 0.4%.  Home prices rose in January, according to the S&P Corelogic Case-Shiller home price index. The measure increased 0.9%, reaching a 31-month high. Analysts anticipated the index to rise 0.7%.  American Airlines (AAL)   took a $200 million stake in China Southern Airlines (ZNH) in the second move by a U.S. carrier into the world's fastest-growing commercial aviation market. American will own about 2.68% of China Southern's outstanding shares after paying $1.55 billion Hong Kong dollars ($200 million) for a special issue of 270.6 million shares sold Tuesday by China Southern, which is Asia's biggest commercial airline by traffic. Amazon (AMZN)  purchased Souq.com for an undisclosed amount, making a significant step into the growing Middle Eastern e-commerce space. Souq.com had originally been offered $800 million from Dubai-based Emaar Malls, according to reports. The deal is expected to close this year.   Red Hat (RHT)  exceeded quarterly estimates. The software developer earned an adjusted 61 cents a share, meeting consensus, while revenue of $629 million came in higher than $618.6 million. For the full year, Red Hat anticipates adjusted earnings of $2.60 to $2.64 a share, above consensus of $2.59.   Tesla (TSLA) increased more than 2% after a disclosure showed Tencent acquired a 5% stake in March. Hong Kong-based Tencent purchased around 8.2 million shares this month for roughly $1.8 billion.   Carnival (CCL) topped quarterly earnings estimates and guided for in-line second-quarter profit. The cruiseline operator earned an adjusted 38 cents a share, 3 cents above estimates. Onboard revenue of $978 million came in above estimates of $961.9 million. Ticket revenue climbed to $2.8 billion from $2.72 billion. For the second quarter, Carnival anticipates 43 cents to 47 cents a share in profit compared to 46 cents consensus.  FactSet (FDS) fell 4.8% following a mixed second quarter. The database company earned $1.81 a share over the quarter, edging past consensus by a penny, while revenue of $294.35 a share fell short of estimates by just $1.7 million. For the third quarter, FactSet anticipates adjusted earnings of $1.80 to $1.86 a share, in-line with a target of $1.84.  If you liked this article you might like Dow Snaps Eight-Session Losing Streak With Triple-Digit Gains as Crude Jumps The Dow Jones Industrial Average ends an eight-session losing streak with a triple-digit gain, clawing back from some of the heavy losses seen over the past week. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDT Stocks Break Higher as Dow Looks to Snap Losing Streak, Financials Lead Stocks break higher by late morning Tuesday after struggling for direction for much of the earlier session. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 11:14 AM EDT Stock Futures Trade Slightly Lower in Wake of Dow's Losing Streak Stock futures are lower on Tuesday as markets struggle for direction following the Dow Jones Industrial Average's longest losing streak since 2011. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 8:35 AM EDT Trending European Stocks Called Higher, Pound Slips as 'Brexit Day' Grips Currency Markets It's Very Easy to See Why Amazon's Stock Is at an All-Time High and Could Keep on Surging Go Behind the Wheel of This 'Insane' 2017 Ford GT That Has a Mind-Blowing Top Speed of 216 mph 10 Highest-Paying Jobs in 2016 If All You Care About Is Money Why These Titans of Wall Street May Be Tripping Over Themselves to Buy Shares of Dying Sears Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Ford Announces Michigan Jobs; Stocks Break Higher as Financials Gain Financials, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, led the way after a days-long retreat. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 11:56 AM EDT Stocks broke higher after struggling for direction for much of the earlier session. Financials, including Goldman  Sachs ( GS) and JPMorgan ( JPM) , led the way after a days-long retreat. Consumer confidence numbers gave markets a boost earlier after a surge in March. The index rose to its highest level since December 2000. That came as a surprise to analysts looking for a slight dip after the index reached a post-recession high last month. Ford  ( F) rose after announcing plans to create or retain 130 jobs at its plant in Michigan. The job creation is one of the ways in which Ford will invest $1.2 billion at three of its plants in the state. Competitor General Motors ( GM) was also higher after investor David Einhorn pushed for the company to generate two classes of stock to divide dividends from earnings. Einhorn said the plan would unlock significant shareholder value. If you liked this article you might like Reality Confounds The Bears: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 3/29/17) Jim Cramer says stocks are a lot more resilient than most people think. Scott Rutt Mar 28, 2017 8:18 PM EDT As Tesla's Chinese Sales Boom, Tencent Could Be a Useful Partner Tencent, which just took a 5% stake in Tesla, could use its very popular messaging platforms to promote the EV maker. And Tesla could integrate Tencent's services within its cars. Eric Jhonsa Mar 28, 2017 8:04 PM EDT Dow Snaps Eight-Session Losing Streak With Triple-Digit Gains as Crude Jumps The Dow Jones Industrial Average ends an eight-session losing streak with a triple-digit gain, clawing back from some of the heavy losses seen over the past week. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 4:13 PM EDT Stocks at Session Highs on Gains in Energy, Financials; Dow to Snap Losing Streak Stocks add to session highs on Tuesday as gains in the financials and energy sectors boost markets. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 2:25 PM EDT Trending European Stocks Called Higher, Pound Slips as 'Brexit Day' Grips Currency Markets It's Very Easy to See Why Amazon's Stock Is at an All-Time High and Could Keep on Surging Go Behind the Wheel of This 'Insane' 2017 Ford GT That Has a Mind-Blowing Top Speed of 216 mph 10 Highest-Paying Jobs in 2016 If All You Care About Is Money Why These Titans of Wall Street May Be Tripping Over Themselves to Buy Shares of Dying Sears Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Lansdowne Partners UK LLP’s Largest Position March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lansdowne Partners UK LLP lowered its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 11.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 21,212,397 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 2,750,830 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises approximately 16.3% of Lansdowne Partners UK LLP’s holdings, making the stock its largest position. Lansdowne Partners UK LLP’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $1,830,430,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Marshwinds Advisory Co. raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the third quarter. Marshwinds Advisory Co. now owns 4,383 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. ELM Advisors LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.5% in the third quarter. ELM Advisors LLC now owns 4,013 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $267,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Sabal Trust CO raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Sabal Trust CO now owns 3,630 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $242,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Alpha Windward LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 7,156 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $477,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. Finally, Hayek Kallen Investment Management raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Hayek Kallen Investment Management now owns 3,386 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $225,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.24 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $310.64 billion, a PE ratio of 14.09 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $89.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $80.08. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.48 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.68 EPS. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.56 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.29%. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is presently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Lansdowne Partners UK LLP’s Largest Position” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-is-lansdowne-partners-uk-llps-largest-position.html. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on JPM shares. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $88.00 price objective (up previously from $77.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Saturday, December 17th. Vetr raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.20. In related news, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total value of $5,510,924.55. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 237,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,868,780.22. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Daniel E. Pinto sold 40,433 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.15, for a total value of $3,402,436.95. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 246,591 shares in the company, valued at $20,750,632.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Rafferty Asset Management LLC Has $16,607,000 Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rafferty Asset Management LLC decreased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 18.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 192,454 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 42,116 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. accounts for about 0.8% of Rafferty Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 14th largest position. Rafferty Asset Management LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $16,607,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Hemenway Trust Co LLC purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $146,000. CT Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 4.2% in the third quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $146,000 after buying an additional 89 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $204,000. Finally, Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $208,000. Institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.24 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $89.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $80.08. The stock has a market capitalization of $310.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.09 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52-week low of $57.05 and a 52-week high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. The firm had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.68 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.56 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a $0.50 dividend. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 31.02%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/rafferty-asset-management-llc-has-16607000-stake-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several brokerages recently commented on JPM. Vetr upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, December 19th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $88.00 target price (up from $77.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, CLSA reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $79.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $80.20. In other news, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total value of $5,510,924.55. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 237,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,868,780.22. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $566,228.48. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 115,938 shares in the company, valued at $9,757,342.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance A10 Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Has $888,000 Stake in Citigroup Inc (C) Saia Inc (SAIA) Position Cut by Guggenheim Capital LLC FireEye Inc (FEYE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Buys 98 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in Astronics Co. (ATRO) Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Position Decreased by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 54,676 Shares of West Corp (WSTC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1,057,000 Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) JW Asset Management LLC Has $3,201,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Position Cut by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $176,000 Stake in EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) 400,000 Shares in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Acquired by Southpoint Capital Advisors LP Leuthold Group LLC Reduces Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 23,956 Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Care.com Inc (CRCM) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Investments LP FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 190,853 A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 190,853 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,604,000. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in ATEN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 248.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,489,555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,924,000 after buying an additional 1,062,097 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 323.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 684,097 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,313,000 after buying an additional 522,447 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP boosted its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 229.9% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 543,396 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,809,000 after buying an additional 378,696 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 364.0% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 366,096 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,914,000 after buying an additional 287,196 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 74.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 601,662 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,432,000 after buying an additional 257,100 shares in the last quarter. 54.05% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) opened at 9.13 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is $538.94 million. A10 Networks Inc has a 12 month low of $5.61 and a 12 month high of $10.86. The company’s 50-day moving average is $9.24 and its 200-day moving average is $8.90. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. The firm earned $64 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $60.87 million. A10 Networks had a negative net margin of 9.10% and a negative return on equity of 24.79%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.06) earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that A10 Networks Inc will post $0.11 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/russell-investments-group-ltd-purchases-shares-of-190853-a10-networks-inc-aten.html. ATEN has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of A10 Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Dougherty & Co boosted their price objective on shares of A10 Networks from $10.00 to $10.50 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $9.30. In related news, CEO Lee Chen sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.16, for a total value of $229,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 10,939,788 shares in the company, valued at approximately $100,208,458.08. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, VP Robert D. Cochran sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.56, for a total transaction of $42,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 122,228 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,046,271.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 105,000 shares of company stock valued at $971,050 over the last 90 days. 34.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A10 Networks Company Profile A10 Networks, Inc is a provider of application networking and network security technologies. The Company’s solutions enable enterprises, service providers, Web companies and government organizations to secure and optimize the performance of their data center applications, and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from Internet, Web and network threats at scale. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ATEN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN). Receive News & Ratings for A10 Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Babcock International Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Babcock International Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Babcock International Group PLC (BAB) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Babcock International Group PLC (LON:BAB)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 1,440 ($18.10) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 64.20% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG cut shares of Babcock International Group PLC to a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,020 ($12.82) price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Liberum Capital raised shares of Babcock International Group PLC to a “buy” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from GBX 960 ($12.06) to GBX 860 ($10.81) in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Peel Hunt cut their price objective on shares of Babcock International Group PLC from GBX 1,117 ($14.04) to GBX 1,085 ($13.64) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 1,050 ($13.20) price target on shares of Babcock International Group PLC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC dropped their price target on shares of Babcock International Group PLC from GBX 1,330 ($16.71) to GBX 1,280 ($16.09) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, November 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Babcock International Group PLC currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 1,133 ($14.24). Shares of Babcock International Group PLC (LON:BAB) opened at 869.85 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 903.25 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 960.07. Babcock International Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 780.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,112.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 4.39 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/babcock-international-group-plc-bab-given-overweight-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Babcock International Group PLC Company Profile Babcock International Group PLC is a holding company. The Company is an engineering support services company. The Company offers support to the defense, energy, emergency services, transport and education sectors. Its segments include Marine and Technology, Defence and Security, Support Services and International. Receive News & Ratings for Babcock International Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Babcock International Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Earns Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (CIR) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (LON:CIR)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 105 ($1.32) price target on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective indicates a potential downside of 1.18% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Peel Hunt reduced their target price on Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC from GBX 160 ($2.01) to GBX 150 ($1.89) and set an “add” rating for the company in a report on Friday, February 24th. Stifel Nicolaus raised Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from GBX 99 ($1.24) to GBX 150 ($1.89) in a report on Monday, March 20th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 138.33 ($1.74). Shares of Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (LON:CIR) opened at 105.00 on Tuesday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 299.13 million. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 88.94 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 90.09. Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC has a one year low of GBX 78.45 and a one year high of GBX 283.60. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/circassia-pharmaceuticals-plc-cir-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC Circassia Pharmaceuticals plc is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on allergy and respiratory diseases. The Company operates through three segments: Allergy, which relates to a range of immunotherapy development products for the treatment of allergy; NIOX, which relates to the portfolio of products used to improve asthma diagnosis and management by measuring fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO), and Respiratory, which relates to the portfolio of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease product candidates. Receive News & Ratings for Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Terms of Rights Issue NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS, ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA), AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER STATE OR JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.   THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS AN ADVERTISEMENT AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OR PROSPECTUS EQUIVALENT DOCUMENT. NOTHING IN IT SHALL CONSTITUTE AN OFFERING OF ANY SECURITIES. ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE, SUBSCRIBE FOR, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE, SELL OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ANY PROVISIONAL ALLOTMENT LETTER, NIL PAID RIGHTS, FULLY PAID RIGHTS, AND/OR NEW ORDINARY SHARES MUST BE MADE ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN AND INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE PROSPECTUS ONCE PUBLISHED.   THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION.   28 March 2017   2 for 5 fully underwritten £512.4 million Rights Issue   On 2 March 2017, Cobham plc (the Company or Cobham and, together with its subsidiaries, the Group) announced that it intended to carry out a rights issue (the Rights Issue) of new ordinary shares (the New Ordinary Shares), to be completed in Q2 2017.   The Board of Directors of Cobham (the Board) today confirms that it intends to raise approximately £512.4 million (gross proceeds) by way of the Rights Issue. The Prospectus containing full details of the Rights Issue is expected to be made available, subject to receiving final approval from the UK Listing Authority, on www.cobhaminvestors.com later today.   Details of the Rights Issue   ·     2 for 5 fully underwritten Rights Issue of 683,145,540 New Ordinary Shares to raise gross proceeds of approximately £512.4 million (approximately £496.6 million net of fees and expenses)   ·     The issue price of 75 pence per New Ordinary Share represents a discount of 40.9% to the Closing Price of 126.8 pence per Existing Ordinary Share on 27 March 2017 (being the last Dealing Day prior to the date of this announcement), and a 33.0% discount to the theoretical ex-rights price of 112.0 pence per New Ordinary Share calculated by reference to the Closing Price on the same basis   ·     The Rights Issue, which is subject to Shareholder approval, is fully underwritten by Merrill Lynch International (BofA Merrill Lynch) and J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its UK investment banking activities as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) acting as Joint Sponsors, Joint Bookrunners and Joint Underwriters, and Barclays Bank PLC, acting through its investment bank, acting as Co-Bookrunner and Joint Underwriter    ·     The Directors intend to take up in full the New Ordinary Shares to which they are entitled under the Rights Issue     Reasons for and benefits of the Rights Issue   ·     The reduction in net debt during 2016 was below the Board’s expectations at the time of the 2016 Rights Issue (as defined below) largely due to lower than expected underlying EBITDA and free cash flow generation in the year. There were also adverse exchange rate movements primarily arising on translation of the Group’s non-sterling denominated debt, driven by a weakening of sterling against the U.S. dollar. As a result of the lower than expected reduction in net debt and the Group’s lower than expected profitability and cash generation, the Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio as at 31 December 2016 for covenant purposes was 3.0x   ·     The Group’s current balance sheet is not strong enough to support the operations of the Group, given the important role it plays in many customer programmes. A stronger balance sheet will underpin the confidence of the Group’s customers and other stakeholders, supporting the Group’s medium term growth aspirations, for the benefit of the Shareholders   ·     The Group is targeting a net debt/EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.5x. Progress towards this target needs to be accelerated to give the Group’s customers, suppliers and employees confidence in the Group’s financial position   ·     Before deciding to pursue the Rights Issue, and in addition to suspending the Group dividend, the Board considered, but determined that it was not in the best interest of the Group to pursue, other options and combinations of options regarding the Group’s balance sheet.  These included the possibility of seeking amendments to the Group’s covenants under the terms of its financing documents, a smaller equity placing of shares and possible asset disposals   ·     However, having considered these options, and the cash required to complete its ongoing development programmes and to strengthen its balance sheet position, the Board has concluded that it is in the Group’s best interests to raise approximately £512.4 million (gross proceeds) by way of a fully underwritten Rights Issue   Use of proceeds   ·     The Board currently intends to use the net proceeds of the Rights Issue to pay down the Group’s borrowings when they mature.  There is no current intention to pay down the senior notes prior to maturity where the Group would incur make-whole charges.  The Group has forward purchased £485 million worth of U.S. dollars with the intention of aligning the currency mix of net debt more closely with the currency mix of profits, thereby reducing foreign exchange exposure on the Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio   Outlook   ·     The Board’s expectations for 2017 remain unchanged from those referred to in the Group’s preliminary results issued on 2 March 2017       David Lockwood, Cobham Chief Executive Officer said:   „This Rights Issue will significantly strengthen Cobham’s balance sheet and, together with other actions, will provide us with a sustainable platform for the future. It is the first step in reducing the Group’s leverage ratio towards the Group’s target of 1.5x, both reassuring our customers and giving us the flexibility to drive operational improvements.”     „Cobham has a portfolio of businesses with leading positions in attractive markets with significant barriers to entry, participation in long-term programmes, a blue-chip customer base and differentiated technologies and know-how.  Given these characteristics, the Board believes that over the medium term the Group will return to positive organic growth and improved profitability with increased conversion of profits into cash.”   Abridged expected timetable of principal events   Publication and posting of the Prospectus, the Notice of General Meeting and the Form of Proxy   28 March 2017 Latest time and date for receipt of Forms of Proxy   10.00 a.m. on 12 April 2017 Record Date for entitlement under the Rights Issue   close of business on 12 April 2017 General Meeting   10.00 a.m. on 18 April 2017 Dispatch of Provisional Allotment Letters   18 April 2017 Admission and commencement of dealings in New Ordinary Shares, nil paid, on the London Stock Exchange   8.00 a.m. on 19 April 2017 Latest time and date for acceptance and payment in full and registration of renounced Provisional Allotment Letters   11.00 a.m. on 4 May 2017 Results of Rights Issue to be announced through a Regulatory Information Service   by 8.00 a.m. on 5 May 2017 Commencement of dealings in New Ordinary Shares, fully paid, on the London Stock Exchange   8.00 a.m. on 5 May 2017 Prospectus   ·     The Prospectus containing full details of the Rights Issue is expected to be made available on www.cobhaminvestors.com later today   ·     The Prospectus will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for inspection at www.morningstar.co.uk/uk/nsm following publication   The preceding summary should be read in conjunction with the full text of the following announcement and its Appendix, together with the Prospectus. Capitalised terms used in this announcement shall have the meanings set out in the Appendix.   The person responsible for making this announcement on behalf of the Company is David Mellors.   Enquiries   Cobham plc +44 (0)1202 857 998 Julian Wais, Director of Investor Relations MHP Communications +44 (0)20 3128 8100 Reg Hoare/Tim Rowntree/Jamie Ricketts BofA Merrill Lynch                   +44 (0)20 7628 1000 Ian Ferguson Peter Luck Daniel Norman Joshua Maguire J.P. Morgan Cazenove                            +44 (0)20 7742 4000 Edmund Byers Richard Perelman Nicholas Hall Laurene Danon Barclays Bank PLC                                  + 44 (0)20 7623 2323 Mark Astaire Lawrence Jamieson   Cautionary Statements   The defined terms set out in the Appendix apply in this announcement.   This announcement has been issued by and is the sole responsibility of Cobham. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purpose whatsoever on the information contained in this announcement or on its accuracy or completeness. The information in this announcement is subject to change.   This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus and not an offer of Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, including in or into the United States, Australia, Canada, Dubai International Financial Centre, Guernsey, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, South Africa or any jurisdiction where the availability of the Rights Issue (and any other transactions contemplated in relation to it) would breach any applicable laws or regulations (each an Excluded Territory).    Neither this announcement nor anything contained in it shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. Investors should not acquire any Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares referred to in this announcement except on the basis of the information contained in the Prospectus to be published by Cobham in connection with the Rights Issue.   Copies of the Prospectus will, following publication, be available from Cobham plc, Brook Road, Wimborne, Dorset BH21 2BJ and on Cobham’s website at www.cobhaminvestors.com. Neither the content of the Company’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on the Company’s website is incorporated in, or forms part of, this announcement.   The distribution of this announcement, the Prospectus, the Provisional Allotment Letter, and the offering or transfer of Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares into jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law, and, therefore, persons into whose possession this announcement, the Prospectus, the Provisional Allotment Letter and/or any accompanying documents comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of such jurisdiction. In particular, subject to certain exceptions, this announcement, the Prospectus (once published) and the Provisional Allotment Letters (once distributed) should not be distributed, forwarded to or transmitted in or into the United States or any other Excluded Territory.   Recipients of this announcement and/or the Prospectus should conduct their own investigation, evaluation and analysis of the business, data and property described in this announcement and/or the Prospectus. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning any investor’s options with respect to the Rights Issue. The price and value of securities can go down as well as up. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The contents of this announcement are not to be construed as legal, business, financial or tax advice. Each Shareholder or prospective investor should consult his, her or its own legal adviser, business adviser, financial adviser or tax adviser for legal, financial, business or tax advice.   This announcement is not and does not contain an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States or any other Excluded Territory, or any other state or jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful. The securities to which this announcement relates (the Securities) have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, registration under the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of the Securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities may not be offered or sold in any other Excluded Territory or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of such countries.    Accordingly, subject to certain exceptions, the Rights Issue is not being made in the United States and neither this announcement, the Prospectus nor the Provisional Allotment Letters constitute or will constitute an offer, or an invitation to apply for, or an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or acquire any Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares in the United States. Subject to certain limited exceptions, Provisional Allotment Letters have not been, and will not be, sent to, and Nil Paid Rights have not been, and will not be, credited to the CREST account of, any Qualifying Shareholder with a registered address in or that is located in the United States.   The information in this announcement may not be forwarded or distributed to any other person and may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. Any forwarding, distribution, reproduction, or disclosure of this information in whole or in part is unauthorised. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions.   Each of Merrill Lynch International (BofA Merrill Lynch), J.P. Morgan Securities plc, which conducts its UK investment banking activities as J.P. Morgan Cazenove (J.P. Morgan Cazenove) and Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays) is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and regulated in the United Kingdom by the PRA and FCA, is acting exclusively for Cobham and no one else in connection with the Rights Issue, and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this announcement) as their respective clients in relation to the Rights Issue and will not be responsible to anyone other than Cobham for providing the protections afforded to its respective clients or for providing advice in relation to the Rights Issue referred to in this announcement or any other transaction, arrangement or matter referred to in this announcement.   No action has been taken by the Company, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove or Barclays that would permit an offering of the Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares or possession or distribution of this announcement, the Prospectus, the Provisional Allotment Letter or any other offering or publicity material relating to the Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required by the Company, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions.   No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove or Barclays or their respective affiliates or agents as to, or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed.   In connection with the proposed Rights Issue, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates, may in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions, engage in transactions in relation to the Nil Paid Rights, the Fully Paid Rights, the New Ordinary Shares and/or related instruments for their own account for the purpose of hedging their underwriting exposure or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the Prospectus to the Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates acting in such capacity.  In addition BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps or contracts for differences) with investors in connection with which BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates may from time to time acquire, hold or dispose of Ordinary Shares. BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.   Forward-Looking Statements   This announcement contains ‚forward-looking statements’ with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Cobham and to certain of Cobham’s plans and objectives with respect to these items.   Forward-looking statements are sometimes but not always identified by the use of a date in the future or such words as ‚anticipates’, ‚aims’, ‚due’, ‚could’, ‚may’, ‚should’, ‚expects’, ‚believes’, ‚intends’, ‚plans’, ‚targets’, ‚goal’, or ‚estimates’.  By their very nature forward-looking statements are inherently unpredictable, speculative and involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or will occur in the future.   There are various factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the economies, political situations and markets in which the Group operates; changes in government priorities due to programme reviews or revisions to strategic objectives; changes in the regulatory or competition frameworks in which the Group operates; the impact of legal or other proceedings against or which affect the Group; changes to or delays in programmes in which the Group is involved; the completion of acquisitions and divestitures and changes in commodity prices, inflation or exchange rates.   All written or verbal forward-looking statements, made in this document or made subsequently, which are attributable to Cobham or any other member of the Group or persons acting on their behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the factors referred to above.  Neither Cobham nor any other person (including BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays) intends to update these forward-looking statements.   You are advised to read this announcement and the Prospectus (once published) in their entirety for a further discussion of the factors that could affect Cobham’s future performance. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements in this announcement may not occur.   No statement in this announcement is intended as a profit forecast and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that underlying operating profit for the current or future financial years would necessarily be above a minimum level, or match or exceed the historical published operating profit or set a minimum level of operating profit.         2 for 5 fully underwritten £512.4 million Rights Issue       1. Introduction   On 2 March 2017, Cobham announced that it intended to conduct a rights issue to raise approximately £500 million in gross proceeds, which was fully underwritten on a standby basis.   The Board of Cobham today confirms that it intends to raise approximately £512.4 million in gross proceeds by way of a fully underwritten rights issue.   The Rights Issue is fully underwritten by BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays, subject to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement.   The Board believes the Rights Issue, which is subject to Shareholder approval, to be in the best interests of Cobham and the Shareholders as a whole. The Prospectus containing full details of the Rights Issue is expected to be made available on www.cobhaminvestors.com later today.   2. Background to the Rights Issue   Cobham has many issues which require attention to reverse the Group’s negative performance trajectory.  During 2016, there were a succession of performance issues in a number of Cobham businesses.  These stemmed from weaknesses in management and financial controls, contractual and commercial failures and, in a few businesses, more challenging market conditions.   In September 2014, Cobham acquired Aeroflex for approximately US$1.5 billion, funded by a combination of new debt facilities and equity, with an intention at the time to achieve a ratio of net debt/EBITDA (leverage ratio) of approximately 2.5x on completion.  There was a target to deleverage to a ratio of net debt/EBITDA of approximately 2.1x by 31 December 2015.   The Group’s leverage ratio did not reduce as expected and, by 31 December 2015, it had reached a ratio of net debt/EBITDA of 2.9x. This was due to a combination of factors, including operational issues in the Group’s wireless and integrated electronic solutions businesses, market headwinds in maritime SATCOM and commercial fly-in, fly-out aviation services for natural resources customers in Australia, ongoing investment in development programmes and a weakening in sterling against the U.S. dollar (in which the majority of the Group’s gross debt was denominated).   In an effort to lower the Group’s debt and reduce the leverage ratio, Cobham carried out a 1 for 2 Rights Issue in June 2016 (the 2016 Rights Issue), raising net proceeds of £491 million.   The Group’s trading performance continued to deteriorate through the third quarter of 2016 and, in a trading update on 24 October 2016, the Board announced that it anticipated full year 2016 underlying operating profit would be lower than expected, driven by continued underperformance in the wireless, SATCOM and integrated electronic solutions businesses.   On 12 December 2016, David Lockwood joined Cobham. He replaced Bob Murphy as Chief Executive Officer on 14 December 2016. On 1 January 2017, Michael Wareing replaced John Devaney as Chairman and David Mellors replaced Simon Nicholls as Chief Financial Officer. Jonathan Flint took over Michael Wareing’s previous role of Senior Independent Director on the same date.   On 11 January 2017, the Group provided a post-close trading update in which Group underlying operating profit in the unaudited draft management accounts for the year ended 31 December 2016 was £245 million; below the guidance given on 24 October 2016. At the time, the new management team was commencing a thorough balance sheet review, including a review of major contracts and asset carrying values. The underlying operating profit of £245 million was stated before any year-end close adjustments from the review and, in particular, it was stated that there was significant uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the KC-46 aircraft tanker programme, where Cobham remained in discussions with The Boeing Company (Boeing) on the commercial terms of the contract.   On 16 February 2017, Cobham announced an update on the KC-46 contract discussions along with revised expected outcomes for the Group’s 2016 results, which were impacted by the findings of the balance sheet review, and guidance for 2017. Expected underlying operating profit of £225 million for 2016 was announced along with a statement that strengthening the balance sheet was desirable to support the operations of the Group, given the important role it plays in many customer programmes.   The Group’s 2016 preliminary results, announced on 2 March 2017, confirmed that underlying operating profit was £225 million for 2016 (2015: £332 million). The results also reported a £574 million non-cash impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets; a charge of £179 million against certain contracts, £150 million of which was related to the KC-46 contract; a charge of £33 million taken against other assets in the balance sheet; and £24 million of charges to cover the estimated exposure on a number of legal, environmental, warranty and other regulatory matters across the Group.   It was further stated that change projects and initiatives driven from the centre had diverted focus from improving critical production, operational and contract performance.  These change projects and initiatives consumed significant financial resources and management energy over a number of years with disappointing outcomes.   The Group’s reporting structures, including its internal processes and the allocation of responsibilities, had also become overly complex and unclear.  In a number of instances, this led to duplication, reduced accountability and slow decision making, which contributed to sustained operational and financial challenges.  This situation ultimately impacted employee motivation and morale, evidenced by Cobham’s high voluntary staff turnover.   Furthermore, with hindsight, Cobham may have misread the cycles within its markets and within its businesses, making poorly timed acquisitions or integrating them poorly.  These acquisitions appear to have amplified internal weaknesses, rather than compensated for them.   3. Reasons for the Rights Issue   The 2016 Rights Issue was intended to lower the Group’s net debt and reduce the ratio of net debt/EBITDA towards its target of below 2x. After receipt of the £491 million in net proceeds from the 2016 Rights Issue, at 30 June 2016, the net debt/EBITDA ratio had fallen to 2.3x but, by 31 December 2016, the Group’s net debt was £1,028 million, a reduction of £179 million from net debt of £1,207 million at 31 December 2015. The reduction in net debt was below the Board’s expectations at the time of the 2016 Rights Issue largely due to lower than expected underlying EBITDA and free cash flow generation in the year.  There were also adverse exchange rate movements of £236 million, primarily arising on translation of the Group’s non-sterling denominated debt driven by a weakening of sterling against the U.S. dollar. As a result of the lower than expected reduction in net debt and the Group’s lower than expected profitability and cash generation, the Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio as at 31 December 2016 for covenant purposes was 3.0x.   The Group’s current balance sheet is not strong enough to support the operations of the Group, given the important role it plays in many customer programmes. A stronger balance sheet will underpin the confidence of customers and other stakeholders, supporting medium term growth aspirations, for the benefit of Shareholders.   The Group is targeting a net debt/EBITDA ratio of approximately 1.5x. This should be an appropriate capital structure given the requirement for balance sheet strength. Progress towards this target needs to be accelerated to give customers, suppliers and employees confidence in Cobham’s financial position. Accordingly, the Directors believe that the successful completion of the Rights Issue is in the best interest of the Group. Assuming the Rights Issue proceeds as planned, the Group expects to have considerable financial resources with liquidity available on the balance sheet from its cash resources and it has a spread of maturities on its Existing Facilities.   Before deciding to pursue the Rights Issue, and in addition to suspending the Group dividend, the Board considered, but determined that it was not in the best interest of the Group to pursue, other options and combinations of options regarding the Group’s balance sheet.  These included the possibility of seeking amendments to the Group’s covenants under the terms of its financing documents (with or without undertaking an equity capital raising).  These also included a smaller equity placing of shares and possible asset disposals. However, having considered these options, and the cash required to complete ongoing development programmes and strengthen the balance sheet position, the Board has concluded that it is in the Group’s best interests to raise approximately £512.4 million (gross proceeds) by way of a fully underwritten Rights Issue. If the Rights Issue does not occur, and if the Group anticipates that a covenant breach would be likely to occur, the Group expects that it would approach its lenders to seek to renegotiate the terms of its financing documents and to secure amendments from them. There can be no certainty that the Company would be able to secure such an amendment on acceptable terms or at all. In these circumstances, if the Group’s net debt/EBITDA should exceed 3.5x, the Group’s lenders would have the right to demand accelerated repayment of substantially all of the Group’s outstanding financial indebtedness (approximately £1,264 million as at 31 December 2016). The Board believes that it is unlikely that the Rights Issue will not occur but the consequences of not being successful indicate the existence of a material uncertainty, which may cast significant doubt about the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. As a result, the auditor’s opinion on the consolidated financial statements included in the 2016 Annual Report and Accounts includes an emphasis of matter statement in respect of going concern.   4. Priorities for 2017 and looking ahead   Cobham has a wide range of strategic, operational and cultural weaknesses that need addressing. In conjunction with strengthening the Group’s balance sheet by completing the Rights Issue, Cobham has set the following priorities for 2017:     ·     Control and execution   Cobham needs to deliver consistently to its customers’ and Shareholders’ expectations, recognising it has not always done so. It is in the early stages of enhancing Cobham’s management controls and operational and financial disciplines to address this, understanding that a strong operational performance and financial control are key pillars of improvement for Cobham.   ·     Customer focus   It is vital that Cobham brings additional focus to its customer relationships. This starts with the CEO, and then must be reflected throughout Cobham’s businesses. It will allocate an appropriate level of resource and contact to each customer and prioritise winning and retaining key platform and programme positions.   In 2016, Cobham spent approximately £130 million on PV research and development (R&D), being Company funded R&D. This was matched by a broadly similar amount funded by customers. This investment provides a powerful platform on which it can develop world-class technologies to use across multiple markets with significant commercial advantages. In the past this substantial programme of technology investment has not always yielded the expected returns. It will be looking at ways of focusing this R&D spend to generate maximum shareholder value.   ·     Leadership and simplification   Cobham will reduce complexity and duplication in the business by simplifying systems, processes and reporting. With this goal in mind, a review has commenced of the breadth and shape of Cobham’s business portfolio. By aligning this reduction in complexity with strong and visible leadership, a sense of momentum and clear purpose among Cobham’s management and employees will be built. It is expected this will also improve accountability and enhance the speed and quality of decision making.   While the Board has already undergone significant change during recent months, Cobham intends to effect a rolling programme of material Board changes over the next two years. Furthermore, the Board considers that the new Chief Executive Officer and the new Chief Financial Officer should have an incentive interest in the Company’s Shares at the earliest practicable opportunity to ensure that their interests are aligned with that of the Shareholders and to retain and motivate them to implement the improvement strategy for the Group.   Despite the current challenges facing Cobham, the Group has a portfolio of businesses with differentiated technologies and know-how and it has leading positions in attractive markets serving a blue-chip customer base. These offer good opportunities over the medium term and the Board is determined to lead the Group to better execution, which is expected to deliver improved performance and help the Group to realise its potential to create value for Shareholders.   5. Use of proceeds   The Rights Issue is expected to raise approximately £512.4 million in gross proceeds. The Board currently intends to use the net proceeds of the Rights Issue to pay down borrowings under the Group’s Existing Facilities when they mature. The Group has forward purchased £485 million worth of U.S. dollars with the intention of aligning the currency mix of net debt more closely with the currency mix of the Group’s profits, thereby reducing foreign exchange exposure on the Group’s net debt/EBITDA ratio.   The Board does not currently intend to pay down the Group’s outstanding U.S. Private Placement Notes prior to maturity where such prepayment would incur make-whole charges.   6. Financial impact of the Rights Issue   The net proceeds of the Rights Issue are expected to decrease the Group’s net debt by £496.6 million.   7. Principal terms of the Rights Issue   Cobham is proposing to raise approximately £496.6 million (net of fees and expenses) by way of the Rights Issue of 683,145,540 New Ordinary Shares. The Rights Issue is being fully underwritten by the Joint Underwriters, subject to certain customary conditions, on the basis set out in the Underwriting Agreement. The principal terms of the Underwriting Agreement are summarised in the Prospectus.   The Rights Issue Price of 75 pence per New Ordinary Share, which is payable in full on acceptance by no later than 11.00 a.m. on 4 May 2017, represents a 40.9 per cent. discount to the Closing Price of 126.8 pence per Existing Ordinary Share on 27 March 2017, the last Dealing Day prior to the date of this announcement, and a 33.0 per cent. discount to the theoretical ex-rights price of 112.0 pence per New Ordinary Share calculated by reference to the Closing Price on the same basis. If a Qualifying Shareholder does not take up any of his or her entitlement to New Ordinary Shares, his or her proportionate shareholding will be diluted by 28.6 per cent. However, if a Qualifying Shareholder takes up his or her New Ordinary Shares in full, he or she will, after the Rights Issue has been completed, and ignoring any fraction of an Ordinary Share, as nearly as practicable have the same proportionate voting rights and entitlements to dividends as he or she had on the Record Date.   If a Qualifying Shareholder does not subscribe for the New Ordinary Shares to which he or she is entitled, such Shareholder can instead sell his or her rights to those New Ordinary Shares and receive the net proceeds in cash. This is referred to as dealing in the rights „nil paid” and, subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions, dealings on the London Stock Exchange in the Nil Paid Rights are expected to commence at 8.00 a.m. on 19 April 2017.   Subject to the fulfilment of, among other things, the conditions set out below, Cobham will offer 683,145,540 New Ordinary Shares to Qualifying Shareholders at a Rights Issue Price of 75 pence per New Ordinary Share, payable in full on acceptance. The Rights Issue will be offered on the basis of:   2 New Ordinary Shares for every 5 Existing Ordinary Shares   held by Qualifying Shareholders on the Record Date, and so in proportion to any other number of Existing Ordinary Shares then held and otherwise on the terms and conditions to be set out in the Prospectus. Qualifying Non-CREST Shareholders with registered addresses in the United States or in any of the other Excluded Territories will not be sent Provisional Allotment Letters and Qualifying CREST Shareholders in such territories will not have their CREST stock accounts credited with Nil Paid Rights, except where Cobham and the Joint Underwriters are satisfied that such action would not result in the contravention of any registration or other legal or regulatory requirement in such jurisdiction.   Holdings of Existing Ordinary Shares in certificated and uncertificated form will be treated as separate holdings for the purpose of calculating entitlements under the Rights Issue. Fractions of New Ordinary Shares will not be allotted to any Qualifying Shareholders, but the Joint Underwriters will endeavour to place the aggregated Nil Paid Rights in respect of such New Ordinary Shares in the market for the benefit of Cobham.   The New Ordinary Shares will, when issued and fully paid, rank pari passu in all respects with the Existing Ordinary Shares, including the right to receive in full all dividends and other distributions declared, made or paid by reference to a record date after the date of their issue.   The Rights Issue is conditional upon, among other things: ·      the passing of the Resolutions (without any material amendment) at the General Meeting; ·      Admission of the New Ordinary Shares (nil paid) becoming effective by not later than 8.00 a.m. on the first Dealing Day after the General Meeting (or such later time and/or date as the parties to the Underwriting Agreement may agree, being not later than 29 June 2017); ·      Cobham having complied with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement, including the delivery of certain documents to the Joint Sponsors and the Joint Underwriters by the times and dates specified in the Underwriting Agreement (to the extent required to be satisfied on or before Admission); ·      the warranties on the part of Cobham under the Underwriting Agreement being true, accurate and not misleading on the date of the Underwriting Agreement and immediately before Admission; ·      no event requiring a supplement to the Prospectus having arisen between the time of publication of the Prospectus and Admission and no such supplement being published by Cobham at any time before Admission; and ·      in the opinion of the Joint Underwriters (acting in good faith), no material adverse change having occurred in respect of Cobham prior to Admission (whether or not foreseeable at the date of the Underwriting Agreement).   The results of the Rights Issue, including the aggregate amount raised is expected to be announced by Cobham to a Regulatory Information Service by 8.00 a.m. on 5 May 2017.   Applications have been made to the FCA for the New Ordinary Shares to be admitted to the premium listing segment of the Official List and to the London Stock Exchange for the New Ordinary Shares to be admitted to trading on its main market for listed securities. It is expected that Admission of the New Ordinary Shares, nil paid, will become effective and dealings (for normal settlement) in the New Ordinary Shares will commence, nil paid, at 8.00 a.m. on 19 April 2017.   The Existing Ordinary Shares are already admitted to the premium listing segment of the Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market for listed securities and to CREST. It is expected that all of the New Ordinary Shares, when issued and fully paid, will be capable of being held and transferred by means of CREST. The New Ordinary Shares will trade under ISIN GB00B07KD360 and the SEDOL number of the New Ordinary Shares is B07KD36. The ISIN number for the Nil Paid Rights is GB00BDH3DQ90 and the ISIN for the Fully Paid Rights is GB00BDH3GF90.   8. Current trading and prospects   Whilst market uncertainties undoubtedly exist, the ability of the Group to forecast performance is not as strong as it should be and these factors lead to the Company’s early view for 2017 having a wide range of potential outcomes. Moreover, although (as mentioned above) the Group is in the early stages of enhancing operational and financial discipline, in recent years a significant proportion of the Group’s results have been dependent on performance in June and December.  This not only makes it hard to predict, putting the Group’s results at risk of slippage and with lower profitability, but is also inefficient for working capital management.   The Group has many operational issues which require attention in addition to arresting and reversing the negative performance trajectory.  Some actions to address these have already commenced but are at an early stage.  Some actions may also have associated costs.  Given these and the issues highlighted above, the Board considers that delivery in 2017 of a performance similar to that of 2016 may be challenging.   However, the Group has leading positions in attractive markets with significant barriers to entry, participation in long-term programmes, a blue-chip customer base and differentiated technologies and know-how.  Given these characteristics, the Board believes that over the medium term the Group will return to positive organic growth and improved profitability with increased conversion of profits into cash.   9. Dividend policy   As previously announced on 11 January 2017, the Board will not be recommending a final dividend in respect of financial year 2016. Furthermore, as announced on 2 March 2017, the Board will not recommend either an interim or a final dividend in respect of financial year 2017 and it expects to resume dividend payments when it is prudent to do so. This decision, and the level of payment, will take into account a number of factors, including the Group’s underlying earnings, cash flows and gearing, its investment needs and the requirement to maintain an appropriate level of dividend cover.   10. Overseas Shareholders   The attention of Qualifying Shareholders who have registered addresses outside the United Kingdom, or who are citizens or residents of countries other than the United Kingdom, or who are holding Ordinary Shares for the benefit of such persons (including, without limitation, custodians, nominees, trustees and agents) or who have a contractual or other legal obligation to forward the Prospectus, a Provisional Allotment Letter and any other document in relation to the Rights Issue to such persons, is drawn to the information which will appear in the Prospectus. In particular, subject to certain very limited exceptions, the Rights Issue is not being made to Shareholders in the United States or into any of the other Excluded Territories.   Notwithstanding any other provision of the Prospectus or the Provisional Allotment Letter, the Company reserves the right to permit any Qualifying Shareholder to take up his or her rights if the Company and the Joint Underwriters in their absolute discretion are satisfied that the transaction in question will not violate applicable laws.   The Company has made arrangements under which the Joint Underwriters will try to find subscribers for the New Ordinary Shares provisionally allotted to such Shareholders (and other Shareholders who have not taken up their rights) by 4.30 p.m. on the second Dealing Day after the last date for acceptance of the Rights Issue. If the Joint Underwriters find subscribers and are able to achieve a premium over the Rights Issue Price and the related expenses of procuring those subscribers (including any applicable brokerage and commissions and amounts in respect of VAT which are not recoverable), such certificated Shareholders will be sent a cheque and such CREST Shareholders will be credited for the amount of that aggregate premium above the Rights Issue Price less related expenses (including any applicable brokerage and commissions and amounts in respect of VAT which are not recoverable), so long as the amount in question is at least £5. If any person in the United States or any other Excluded Territory receives a Provisional Allotment Letter, that person should not seek to, and will not be able to, take up his or her rights thereunder, except as described in the Prospectus.   Persons who have registered addresses in or who are resident in, or who are citizens of, countries other than the United Kingdom should consult their professional advisers as to whether they require any governmental or other consents or need to observe any other formalities to enable them to take up their entitlements to the Rights Issue.   11. Importance of vote   Both of the Resolutions must be passed by Shareholders at the General Meeting in order for the Rights Issue to proceed. The Rights Issue will significantly strengthen the Group’s balance sheet and the Directors believe that a stronger balance sheet will underpin the confidence of its customers and other stakeholders, supporting our medium term growth aspirations, for the benefit of our Shareholders.   If, for any reason, either of the Resolutions is not passed, or any other condition to the Rights Issue is not fulfilled, the Rights Issue will not proceed and the Company will not receive the net proceeds of the Rights Issue. The Group has concluded that, under a reasonable base case scenario, it would not breach the covenants in its financing documents as at the next covenant test date (with respect to the 12 months ending on 30 June 2017) or subsequent semi-annual covenant test dates even if the Rights Issue does not proceed. However, under a reasonable worst case scenario, if the risks assumed in the reasonable worst case scenario were to come to pass and no other actions were taken by the Group (such as the reduction of discretionary capital and development expenditures or disposal of assets), it is expected that the Group would breach its covenants as at the next covenant test date on 30 June 2017 (with respect to the 12 months ending on 30 June 2017). Without further action on the Group’s part to obtain amendments from its lenders, they would have the right to demand accelerated repayment of substantially all of the Group’s outstanding financial indebtedness (approximately £1,264 million as at 31 December 2016). The date on which such a demand could be made would be no later than 28 October 2017, being the date by which the Group is required to deliver its interim financial information to its lenders for the purposes of testing the covenants. If such a demand were to be made, and without further action on the Group’s part to obtain amendments from its lenders, the Group does not expect that it would have the funds immediately available to repay such amounts at that time, in which case Shareholders could lose all or part of the value of their investment in the Company. Therefore, whilst the Company is of the opinion that, if the Rights Issue proceeds and after taking into account the net proceeds of the Rights Issue and the Existing Facilities, the Group has sufficient working capital for its present requirements, there is a risk under a reasonable worst case scenario that this might not be the case if the Rights Issue does not proceed.   As a result, if the Group anticipates that a covenant breach would be likely to occur, the Group expects that it would approach its lenders to seek to renegotiate the terms of its financing documents and to secure amendments from them. However, on the basis that under a reasonable base case scenario there would be no covenant breach, the Group has not approached its lenders and, therefore, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain such amendments to the Group’s financing documents at all or without significant cost to the Group in the form of additional fees payable, including make-whole payments for refinanced indebtedness, amendment fees, increased interest payments or additional restrictions on its business. Following any such amendment (depending on the terms of such amendment), without the proceeds of the Rights Issue, and if the risks assumed in the reasonable worst case scenario were to come to pass, the Group may nevertheless breach its covenants as at the next subsequent covenant test date on 31 December 2017. Further, as a result of any such amendments, the Group may find it more challenging to refinance its Existing Facilities as they fall due. In addition, the Group may also seek to reduce discretionary capital and development expenditures and/or dispose of certain assets so as to prevent a covenant breach. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to reduce capital expenditures at all or before the covenant test date or that the Group will be able to find buyers for such assets by then. The Group does not anticipate completing any disposals prior to the next covenant test date on 30 June 2017.   There can be no assurance that a reasonable worst case scenario will be avoided and, if it is not, that the alternative actions outlined above would be capable of implementation in the time available and/or would ultimately be successful and, accordingly, the Directors believe that the successful completion of the Rights Issue is in the best interest of the Group.   As such, Shareholders are asked to vote in favour of the Resolutions at the General Meeting so that, assuming that the other conditions to the Rights Issue are satisfied, the Rights Issue can proceed.   12. Board recommendation   The Board believes the Rights Issue will promote the success of Cobham and is in the best interests of its Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, the Directors unanimously recommend that Shareholders vote in favour of the Resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting to approve the Rights Issue, as the Directors each intend to do so in respect of their own legal and beneficial holdings, amounting to 67,500 Existing Ordinary Shares (representing approximately 0.00395 per cent. of Cobham’s existing issued ordinary share capital as at 24 March 2017 (being the Latest Practicable Date). The Directors intend to take up in full the New Ordinary Shares to which he or she is entitled under the Rights Issue.  In addition, the Directors may decide to acquire additional rights to New Ordinary Shares in the Rights Issue.   Appendix   The following definitions shall apply throughout this announcement unless the context requires otherwise:   2016 Annual Report and Accounts Cobham’s annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 December 2016 Admission admission of the New Ordinary Shares, nil paid, to the Official List and to trading on the main market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange becoming effective in accordance with paragraph 3.2.7G of the Listing Rules and paragraph 2.1 of the Admission and Disclosure Standards published by the London Stock Exchange ANZ RCF the A$90,000,000 revolving credit facility agreement between the Company and The Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited dated 21 February 2014 Barclays Barclays Bank PLC BofA Merrill Lynch Merrill Lynch International Chief Executive Officer (CEO) David Lockwood Closing Price the closing middle-market price of a relevant share as derived from the London Stock Exchange’s daily Official List on any particular day Co-Bookrunner Barclays Commerzbank RCF the €70,000,000 revolving credit facility agreement between the Company and Commerzbank AG, London Branch dated 18 June 2012 (as subsequently amended on 18 May 2015) CREST the electronic transfer and settlement system for the paperless settlement of trades in listed securities operated by Euroclear CREST Regulations the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001 No. 01/378) Danske RCF the DKK525,000,000 revolving credit facility agreement between the Company and Danske Bank A/S dated 22 June 2012 (as extended pursuant to a letter dated 2 June 2014) Dealing Day a day on which dealings in domestic equity market securities may take place on London Stock Exchange’s main market for listed securities Director the Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors of Cobham EBITDA the Group’s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (for covenant purposes, net debt is expressed at average foreign currency translation rates and EBITA, EBITDA and net interest numbers include pro forma adjustments related to joint venture interests, acquisitions and divestments, and restructuring) Euroclear Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited, the operator (as defined in the CREST Regulations) of CREST Executive Directors David Lockwood and David Mellors Existing Facilities the U.S. Dollar RCF, the Commerzbank RCF, the Danske RCF, the ANZ RCF, the U.S. Private Placement Notes, the RBS Facility and the Schuldschein Facilities, collectively Existing Ordinary Share the ordinary shares of 2.5 pence each in the capital of Cobham at the Record Date FCA the UK Financial Conduct Authority FSMA the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended Fully Paid Rights rights to subscribe for New Ordinary Shares, fully paid General Meeting the general meeting of Cobham to be held in connection with the Rights Issue at the offices of Allen & Overy LLP, One Bishops Square, London E1 6AD on 18 April 2017 at 10.00 a.m. (London time) Group Cobham and its subsidiaries and subsidiary undertakings, and, where the context requires it, its associated undertakings from time to time J.P. Morgan Cazenove J.P. Morgan Securities plc, which conducts its UK investment banking activities as J.P. Morgan Cazenove Joint Bookrunners BofA Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Cazenove Joint Sponsors BofA Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Cazenove Joint Underwriters BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays Latest Practicable Date 24 March 2017 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of the Prospectus) Listing Rules the listing rules of the FCA made under section 74(4) of the FSMA London Stock Exchange London Stock Exchange plc Nil Paid Rights rights to subscribe for New Ordinary Shares, nil paid Non-Executive Directors Michael Wareing, Jonathan Flint, Alan Semple, Alison Wood, Michael Hagee and Birgit Nørgaard Notice of General Meeting the notice of General Meeting to be set out in the Prospectus Official List the Official List maintained by the FCA Ordinary Shares ordinary shares of 2.5 pence each in the capital of Cobham Prospectus the document to be published by the Company on the date of this announcement, which comprises a prospectus and a circular Provisional Allotment Letter the provisional allotment letter to be issued to Qualifying Non-CREST Shareholders (other than certain Overseas Shareholders) Qualifying CREST Shareholders Qualifying Shareholders holding Ordinary Shares in uncertificated form on the Record Date Qualifying Non-CREST Shareholders Qualifying Shareholders holding Ordinary Shares in certificated form on the Record Date Qualifying Shareholder holders of Ordinary Shares on the register of members of Cobham at the Record Date RBS Facility the US$75,000,000 term facility agreement between the Company and The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC dated 22 December 2008 (as amended and restated on 22 October 2010) Record Date close of business on 12 April 2017 Regulatory Information Service one of the regulatory information services authorised by the UK Listing Authority to receive, process and disseminate regulatory information from listed companies Resolutions the resolutions to be proposed at the General Meeting as set out in the Notice of General Meeting Rights Issue Price 75 pence per New Ordinary Share SATCOM satellite communication Shareholder holders of Ordinary Shares Schuldschein Facilities the loan agreements relating to certificate of indebtedness between the Company and Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as arranger for EUR131,000,000, US$40,000,000 and EUR4,000,000 and each dated 12 May 2015 U.S. Private Placement Notes the series of unsecured notes pursuant to a note purchase agreement which included the US$75,000,000 2.68% Series A Senior Notes due 28 October 2017, the US$180,000,000 3.41% Series B Senior Notes due 28 October 2019, the US$250,000,000 3.90% Senior Notes due 28 October 2021 and the US$425,000,000 4.26% Senior Notes due 28 October 2024 UK Listing Authority the FCA when it is exercising its powers under Part VI of FSMA Underwriting Agreement the underwriting agreement entered into between Cobham, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays relating to the Rights Issue U.S. Dollar RCF the US$360,000,000 revolving credit facility agreement between the Company and The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC as facility agent dated 11 October 2011 (as subsequently amended on 3 September 2012 and amended and restated on 6 June 2013)     CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, attention, base, Business, Companies, company, draft, engage, general, Legal, lose, major, Markets, officer, post, private, rank, reserves, satellite, section, service, Space, staff, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Directorate exit terms Next PostNext Suspension of Listing Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance National Grid plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Grid plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Air Liquide SA (AIQUY) Given $24.78 Average Target Price by Analysts Analysts Set $22.77 Target Price for Amaya Inc. (AYA) Analysts Set $22.77 Target Price for Amaya Inc. (AYA) Klondex Mines Ltd (KLDX) Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts Brokerages Expect InVitae Corp (NVTA) to Post ($0.66) Earnings Per Share Zacks: Millicom International Cellular SA (MIICF) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Sector Perform” Rating for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Upgrades Tullow Oil (TUWLF) to Neutral Power Financial Corp (PWF) Price Target Cut to C$35.00 Man Group Plc (EMG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BNP Paribas Elecosoft PLC (ELCO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Credit Suisse Group AG Lowers Drax Group Plc (DRX) Price Target to GBX 400 Castleton Technology PLC (CTP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CITY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Cranswick plc (CWK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Dotdigital Group plc (DOTD) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) Short Interest Update NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Hold Rating from Peel Hunt Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Upgraded to Neutral by Credit Suisse Group AG Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc (SYRS) to Buy National Grid plc (NG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet National Grid plc (LON:NG)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Friday. They presently have a GBX 1,100 ($13.82) target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 8.37% from the company’s current price. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on NG. Berenberg Bank raised shares of National Grid plc to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 970 ($12.19) to GBX 1,050 ($13.20) in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on shares of National Grid plc from GBX 920 ($11.56) to GBX 1,040 ($13.07) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. BNP Paribas reissued an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 830 ($10.43) target price on shares of National Grid plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their target price on shares of National Grid plc from GBX 854 ($10.73) to GBX 855 ($10.75) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 850 ($10.68) target price on shares of National Grid plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 1,010 ($12.69). Shares of National Grid plc (LON:NG) opened at 1015.00 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 975.05 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 982.57. National Grid plc has a 12-month low of GBX 888.90 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,148.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 38.19 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “National Grid plc (NG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/national-grid-plc-ng-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About National Grid plc National Grid plc is an electricity and gas utility company focused on transmission and distribution activities in electricity and gas in both the United Kingdom and the United States. The Company’s segments include UK Electricity Transmission, which is engaged in high voltage electricity transmission networks in Great Britain; UK Gas Transmission, which is the gas transmission network in Great Britain and United Kingdom liquefied natural gas (LNG) storage activities; UK Gas Distribution, which includes approximately four of the eight regional networks of Great Britain’s gas distribution system, and US Regulated, which includes gas distribution networks, electricity distribution networks and high voltage electricity transmission networks in New York, and New England and electricity generation facilities in New York. Receive News & Ratings for National Grid plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Grid plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Aviva plc (AV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 589 ($7.40) target price on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Barclays PLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 515 ($6.47) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 525 ($6.60) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 520 ($6.54) to GBX 540 ($6.79) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a hold rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.28) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating and set a GBX 515 ($6.47) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 528.07 ($6.64). Aviva plc (LON:AV) opened at 523.00 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 21.22 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 515.29 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 473.97. Aviva plc has a 12 month low of GBX 290.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 570.50. WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/aviva-plc-av-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider Adrian Montague bought 9,303 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 535 ($6.72) per share, with a total value of £49,771.05 ($62,550.02). Also, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.66), for a total transaction of £34,778.60 ($43,708.18). In the last quarter, insiders acquired 9,363 shares of company stock valued at $5,007,647. Aviva plc Company Profile Aviva plc is the holding company of the Aviva Group. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. The Company’s segments include UK & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia, and Aviva Investors. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Stocks Stocks Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors JPMorgan: A Le Pen loss will be a win for European equities Leslie Shaffer | @LeslieShaffer1 Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 | 12:13 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Pascal Le Segretain | Getty Images Marine Le Pen If far right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen loses the election, it will spur a "significant" surge of inflows into European stocks, JPMorgan said in a note Monday. How significant? JPMorgan estimated that a Le Pen loss will see at least 10 percent of assets under management flow back into the region's stock markets. It noted that since the beginning of 2016, around $100 billion has flowed out of the segment, according to EPFR data, marking up a loss of nearly 10 percent of assets under management. "We believe that these flows at least could come back into the region, should political uncertainty fade, in addition to any potential new net inflows," JPMorgan said. Some opinion polls have shown that Le Pen, leader of the far right, anti-European Union, anti-immigrant National Front party, could be a top pick in the first round of voting in France's presidential election on April 23. A healthy majority of analysts and experts believe Le Pen, who wants to pull France out of the euro zone, won't win the second round of voting on May 7 if she makes it past the first. But fears abound over a potential dark horse Le Pen victory, in line with political surprises such as Brexit and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential win. That's spurred concerns of a potential French exit from the euro zone, dubbed Frexit, and even a possible breakup of the bloc. While JPMorgan noted that any "Le Pen loss" lap of inflows was likely to boost the euro, it didn't expect that would weigh on European stocks, which have benefited from a weaker currency. "We think a stronger euro would not be an impediment for regional equities and, in fact, believe the euro will turn positively correlated to euro zone equities, no matter the election outcome," it said. It noted that the euro is typically seen as a vote of confidence in the region. JPMorgan viewed a victory by either of the other two front-runners, Francois Fillon and Emmanuel Macron, as likely to spur a market rally. "Both are in favor of lower taxes, reduced public spending, and improved EU integration and are supportive of free trade,' it said. "France ranks poorly on many fiscal and growth metrics and could benefit from ambitious structural reforms." But the bank noted that while it considered a Le Pen victory unlikely, it wasn't out of the realm of possibility. JPMorgan considered a Le Pen win and euro zone breakup fears would have a similar impact on markets as the 2011-12 European debt crisis, when around 20-25 percent of assets under management flowed out of European equities. If Le Pen wins, JPMorgan estimated that Eurozone equities could potentially fall nearly 20 percent, with the potential for a 10 percent earnings projection downgrade from its base case. It also estimated the euro would fall to $0.98, compared with current levels of around $1.0860 The bank's base case is for the euro to rise to $1.15 by year-end following a Macron or Fillon victory. —Craig Dale contributed to this article. —By CNBC.Com's Leslie Shaffer; Follow her on Twitter @LeslieShaffer1 Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Leslie ShafferSenior Writer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change EUR/USD ---
Skip to main content Elections Business Calendar Real Estate Classifieds Contests E-Edition 69 Search form Search Longboat Key News Opinion Religion Cops Corner Sports Neighbors Business Real Estate Your Town Health East County News Religion Cops Corner Sports Neighbors Schools Business Real Estate Your Town Health LWR Life Magazine Sarasota News Opinion Religion Cops Corner Sports Neighbors Schools Business Real Estate Your Town Health Siesta Key News Religion Neighbors Real Estate Your Town Health Arts & Entertainment Eat & Drink Music Visual Art Performing Art This Week Photos Videos Reviews In the Kitchen A & E Calendar Black Tie Social Calendar Black Tie & Tales People With Purpose Fashion Just Married Photos Photos Videos Search form Search News Longboat Key Tuesday, Mar. 28, 2017 10 hours ago Longboat Key will soon have a new retail bank Share Construction of the building began last week. by: John McGuire Staff Writer Construction of a new retail bank on Longboat Key is underway. A branch of JP Morgan Chase will be located at 545 Bay Isles Parkway in the Shoppes of Bay Isles center. The bank is expected to open this fall, said Mike Fusco, a representative for JP Morgan Chase. The 3,113 square foot building will feature two drive-thru spots, as well as 34 parking spaces. The project was approved by the Planning and Zoning Board in September 2016, and the Town Commission in November 2016. A building permit was issued for the property on March 14, and construction began last week. Construction value is listed at $1.4 million. The new Key location is part of an ongoing JP Morgan Chase bank branch expansion in Florida. The company plans to open 11 banks in the state this year. Since 2008, Chase has added nearly 250 branches in Florida and now has 398 total across the state. Prev Article Longboat looking for replacement commissioner Prev Article Related Stories View the discussion thread. About Contact Us Classifieds Advertise Rack Locations Subscribe Jobs Sponsorships Privacy Policy Contact Us 1970 Main Street Third Floor Sarasota, FL 34236 Phone: 941-366-3468 Fax: 941-362-4808 Email: [email protected] Socialize With Us sign up to receive our news in your inbox! Email Address Our Sister Sites Other Publications Browse a digital collection of our other publications, magazines and special sections such as Season Magazine, Health Matters, Holiday Gift Guide and more . VIEW ALL Copyright © 2017 Observer Media Group, Inc., All Rights Reserved
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 34°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 34°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated US stock indexes veer higher as consumer confidence gains THE QUOTE: "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: March 28, 2017 3:05 pm Follow @AuroraSentinel U.S. stock indexes moved slightly higher in morning trading Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings and economic news. New data showed strong gains in consumer confidence and U.S. home prices. Banks and other financial stocks led the way higher, while phone company stocks were down the most. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 60 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,611 as of 11:02 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 5 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,347. The Nasdaq composite index gained 2 points to 5,842. The Dow has fallen for eight days in a row, its longest losing streak in more than five years. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) THE QUOTE: “The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive.” TASTY RESULTS: Darden Restaurants jumped 8 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden rose $6.08 to $81.66. STRONG QUARTER: Red Hat climbed 5.3 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.35 to $86.55. SMOOTH SAILING: Carnival rose 1.4 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained 84 cents to $59.71. ECONOMIC INDICATORS: The Conference Board said that its consumer confidence index rose this month to 125.6, its highest level in more than 16 years. Separately, the latest Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index showed that home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising but that’s not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren’t a lot of homes on the market. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany’s DAX was up 0.8 percent, while France’s CAC 40 was 0.2 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.5 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul’s Kospi rose 0.3 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $48.27 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to rice international oils, climbed 92 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $51.82 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.0869 from $1.0868, while the dollar weakened to 110.27 yen from 110.57 yen. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices edged higher. The 10-year Treasury yield fell to 2.37 percent from 2.38 percent. Tags: ap Top Videos TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute FRIDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute THURSDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute McConnell warns Republicans voting against Trumpcare; rejects Trump’s foreign aid cuts and offers POTUS tweet advice — VIDEO CLIPS View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Daimler AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. BT Group plc (BT) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley Inchcape plc (INCH) Upgraded by BNP Paribas to Outperform Lam Research’s (LRCX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their buy rating on shares of Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) in a report published on Monday. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Daimler AG in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. equinet AG set a €83.00 ($90.22) price target on Daimler AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Commerzbank Ag set a €95.00 ($103.26) price target on Daimler AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Nord/LB set a €75.00 ($81.52) price target on Daimler AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, DZ Bank AG reiterated a buy rating on shares of Daimler AG in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €72.75 ($79.08). Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) traded up 1.601% on Monday, reaching €71.817. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 64,390 shares. Daimler AG has a one year low of €50.89 and a one year high of €73.20. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €69.35 and a 200-day moving average of €67.14. The company has a market capitalization of €76.83 billion and a PE ratio of 9.011. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/daimler-ag-dai-receives-buy-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Daimler AG Company Profile Daimler AG (Daimler) is an automotive engineering company. The Company is engaged in the development, production and distribution of cars, trucks and vans in Germany, and the management of the Daimler Group. Daimler’s segments include Mercedes-Benz Cars, Daimler Trucks, Mercedes-Benz Vans, Daimler Buses and Daimler Financial Services. Receive News & Ratings for Daimler AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RWE AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RWE AG (RWEOY) Lowered to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. HB Fuller Co (FUL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Danaos Co. (DAC) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC ALLETE Inc (ALE) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. BT Group plc (BT) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley Inchcape plc (INCH) Upgraded by BNP Paribas to Outperform Lam Research’s (LRCX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral RWE AG (RWEOY) Lowered to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of RWE AG (OTC:RWEOY) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Monday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on RWEOY. HSBC Holdings plc cut RWE AG from a hold rating to a reduce rating in a report on Monday, November 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded RWE AG from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. RWE AG (OTC:RWEOY) opened at 16.06 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is $9.87 billion. RWE AG has a 12 month low of $11.55 and a 12 month high of $17.78. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $14.63 and a 200-day moving average price of $14.22. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/rwe-ag-rweoy-lowered-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About RWE AG RWE AG is a holding company. The Company is a supplier of electricity and natural gas in Europe. The Company is engaged in lignite production; electricity generation from gas, coal, nuclear and renewables, and energy trading and electricity and gas distribution and supply, as well as in developing and providing energy management solutions. Receive News & Ratings for RWE AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beazley PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) in a research report released on Monday morning. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on the stock. Macquarie upped their price target on shares of Beazley PLC from GBX 312 ($3.92) to GBX 365 ($4.59) and gave the company an underperform rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Peel Hunt reiterated a reduce rating and set a GBX 350 ($4.40) price target on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a buy rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Stockdale Securities upped their price target on shares of Beazley PLC from GBX 400 ($5.03) to GBX 410 ($5.15) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 365.75 ($4.60). Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) opened at 437.80 on Monday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 432.62 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 397.92. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.26 billion. Beazley PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 313.90 and a 1-year high of GBX 450.20. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/beazley-plc-bez-receives-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be given a dividend of GBX 17 ($0.21) per share. This is an increase from Beazley PLC’s previous dividend of $3.50. This represents a yield of 3.91%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 2nd. In other Beazley PLC news, insider Adrian Cox sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 437 ($5.49), for a total transaction of £17,480 ($21,968.08). Also, insider Clive Washbourn sold 90,478 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 424 ($5.33), for a total transaction of £383,626.72 ($482,124.82). About Beazley PLC Receive News & Ratings for Beazley PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) in a report released on Monday. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on RB. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 7,130 ($89.61) price objective on Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. Kepler Capital Markets cut their price objective on Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc from GBX 8,500 ($106.82) to GBX 8,100 ($101.80) and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 7,800 ($98.03) price objective on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 7,650 ($96.14) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 6,300 ($79.18) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 7,893.04 ($99.20). Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) opened at 7334.00 on Monday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 7,241.19 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 7,039.17. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 6,496.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 7,786.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 51.51 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/reckitt-benckiser-group-plc-rb-given-neutral-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a manufacturer and marketer of health, hygiene and home products. The Company’s segments include ENA, DvM and Food. The ENA segment consists of Europe, Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Israel, North America, Australia and New Zealand. The DvM segment consists of North Africa, Middle East (excluding Israel) and Turkey, Africa, South Asia, North Asia, Latin America, Japan, Korea and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Receive News & Ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide If you ask Wall Street, Snap is more like Twitter, not Facebook Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Snap got a slew of positive verdicts from Wall Street this week — but a month into its life as a public company, analyst sentiment resembles the troubled Twitter more than the successful Facebook after their respective IPOs. Shares of Snap jumped nearly 5 percent on Monday after some research departments of the banks that led its IPO endorsed the stock. Morgan Stanley offered an overweight rating on the image sharing company, while Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank gave the stock a buy. Credit Suisse also issued an outperform rating, though JPMorgan rated it neutral. Firms involved in a stock's public offering aren't allowed to issue recommendations during a quiet period. Snap's ratings may have gotten a boost as underwriters chimed in, but 62 percent of analysts surveyed by FactSet still have a hold or a sell on the stock. By comparison, 69 percent of analysts had a hold or sell rating on Twitter in the month after its quiet period ended; whereas for Facebook, just 54 percent of analysts had a hold or sell on the shares. While Snap CEO Evan Spiegel has pushed back on comparisons to Facebook and Twitter, investors have drawn parallels with the companies' digital ad-based model and social, viral platforms. That's left Snap to stare down two very different potential outcomes: Facebook, which priced its IPO at $38, closed at $140.32 a share on Monday. Twitter, which priced its IPO at $26 per share, closed at $14.99 on Monday. Here's how the three were viewed in the weeks after the IPO: Brendan McDermid | Reuters A man photographs a banner for Snap Inc. on the facade of the New York Stock Exchange on the morning of the company's IPO in New York City, March 2, 2017. Snap In total, out of 29 analyst ratings listed in FactSet, Snap has: 11 buy or overweight ratings 12 hold ratings 2 underweight ratings 4 sell ratings Source: FactSet That means: About 38 percent of analyst ratings are buy ratings About 41 percent are hold ratings About 21 percent are underweight or sell ratings, according to FactSet. Bulls say: "SNAP's engaged/hard-to-reach millennial users and unique video offerings should attract significant ad dollars." — Morgan Stanley. Bears say: Snap faces an "increasingly competitive social media landscape." — JPMorgan. Shares on Monday closed at $23.83, above the IPO pricing of $17. Adam Jeffery | CNBC Twitter's founders were on hand to launch the company's IPO at the NYSE on Nov. 7, 2013. Twitter Twitter's IPO backers first issued ratings on Dec. 2, 2013. Lead underwriters Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs recommended buying the stock, while Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan issued the equivalent of hold ratings, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch initiated with a sell rating. At the end of December 2013, Twitter had 26 ratings listed in FactSet: 7 buy ratings 1 overweight rating 12 hold ratings 2 underweight ratings 4 sell ratings In other words: About 31 percent of Twitter's ratings were overweight or buy 46 percent were hold 23 percent were underweight or sell. Bulls said: "While competition for users' time is fierce and Twitter's growth trajectory is unlikely to be linear, we believe these revisions will, over time, justify considerable upside beyond the share current price and valuation." — Goldman Sachs. Bears said: "With a price that pushes into the high 30s and beyond, Twitter is simply too expensive." — Pivotal Research. Shares on Dec. 2, 2013, closed at $40.78, above the IPO price of $26 a share. Getty Images A television reporter is seen inside the Nasdaq studios as the Facebook logo is displayed on a ticker board. Facebook Compare that to the end of Facebook's quiet period, when the three lead underwriters offered buy ratings. As of June 29, 2012, Facebook had: 16 buy ratings 2 overweight ratings 18 hold ratings 1 underweight rating 2 sell ratings Source: FactSet That means out of 39 analysts polled by FactSet: 46 percent had a buy rating on Facebook 46 percent had a hold rating 8 percent had a sell rating Bulls said: Facebook is "uniquely positioned to leverage its large and highly-engaged user base to monetize the mobile Internet." — Morgan Stanley. Bears said: "We would become more positive with the launch of rich media or online video ads, but these have not yet materialized, likely in the name of not disrupting the user experience." — BMO Capital Markets. Shares closed on June 27, 2012, at $32.23 a share, below the IPO price of $38. — CNBC's Berkeley Lovelace Jr. and Michelle Castillo contributed to this report. Disclosure: CNBC parent NBCUniversal is an investor in Snap. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change SNAP --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €101.00 Price Target Galapagos NV (GLPG) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Habit Restaurants Inc (HABT) Earns Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) Price Target Cut to $18.50 Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Price Target Cut to $44.00 Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tudor Pickering began coverage on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm issued a hold rating on the stock. PTEN has been the topic of several other research reports. Bank of America Corp upgraded Patterson-UTI Energy from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 price target on Patterson-UTI Energy and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Patterson-UTI Energy from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and raised their price target for the company from $14.00 to $24.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Wunderlich set a $27.00 price target on Patterson-UTI Energy and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Patterson-UTI Energy from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $30.00 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Patterson-UTI Energy currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $26.92. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) opened at 23.06 on Thursday. Patterson-UTI Energy has a one year low of $16.06 and a one year high of $29.76. The firm’s market cap is $3.38 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.67 and a 200-day moving average price of $25.10. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.53) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.01. The business had revenue of $247 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $228.83 million. Patterson-UTI Energy had a negative return on equity of 13.25% and a negative net margin of 34.79%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 27.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.40) earnings per share. Analysts predict that Patterson-UTI Energy will post ($1.34) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/patterson-uti-energy-inc-pten-earns-hold-rating-from-analysts-at-tudor-pickering.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th were given a dividend of $0.02 per share. This represents a $0.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.35%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 6th. Patterson-UTI Energy’s dividend payout ratio is currently -3.69%. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. ETRADE Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Patterson-UTI Energy during the third quarter worth approximately $200,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,789,528 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,512,000 after buying an additional 205,298 shares in the last quarter. Strs Ohio raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 210.5% in the third quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 590,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,198,000 after buying an additional 400,000 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 14.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,610,679 shares of the company’s stock worth $125,511,000 after buying an additional 727,827 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Intrepid Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in Patterson-UTI Energy by 31.3% in the third quarter. Intrepid Capital Management Inc. now owns 516,450 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,553,000 after buying an additional 123,190 shares in the last quarter. 98.84% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Patterson-UTI Energy Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc is an oilfield services company. The Company owns and operates a fleet of land-based drilling rigs and a fleet of pressure pumping equipment in the United States. The Company’s segments include Contract Drilling, Pressure Pumping and Other operations. The Contract Drilling segment markets its contract drilling services to independent and other oil and natural gas operators. Receive News & Ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance West Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for West Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 54,676 Shares of West Corp (WSTC) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Guggenheim Capital LLC reduced its stake in West Corp (NASDAQ:WSTC) by 32.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 114,825 shares of the company’s stock after selling 54,676 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC’s holdings in West Corp were worth $2,843,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in West Corp during the third quarter valued at $28,494,000. Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ boosted its position in West Corp by 1.9% in the third quarter. Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ now owns 1,052,650 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,243,000 after buying an additional 19,923 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. purchased a new position in West Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $1,530,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in West Corp by 3.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,291,629 shares of the company’s stock valued at $28,519,000 after buying an additional 46,970 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in West Corp by 6.4% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 587,597 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,974,000 after buying an additional 35,188 shares during the last quarter. 76.34% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. West Corp (NASDAQ:WSTC) opened at 24.04 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $24.41 and a 200 day moving average of $23.60. The company has a market cap of $2.00 billion, a PE ratio of 10.50 and a beta of 1.66. West Corp has a 12-month low of $18.55 and a 12-month high of $25.85. West Corp (NASDAQ:WSTC) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.07. West Corp had a net margin of 8.44% and a negative return on equity of 46.46%. The company had revenue of $567.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $564.07 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.75 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that West Corp will post $2.88 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 2nd. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 21st were issued a $0.225 dividend. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, February 16th. West Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 39.47%. WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/guggenheim-capital-llc-sells-54676-shares-of-west-corp-wstc.html. WSTC has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of West Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $26.00 price target on shares of West Corp and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $27.00. In related news, insider Joseph Scott Etzler sold 4,882 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.00, for a total value of $122,050.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 162,058 shares in the company, valued at $4,051,450. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Rodney J. Kempkes sold 2,105 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.07, for a total transaction of $52,772.35. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 65,927 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,652,789.89. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 12,547 shares of company stock worth $310,153 in the last 90 days. 4.60% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. West Corp Company Profile West Corporation is a provider of communication and network infrastructure services. The Company helps its clients communicate, collaborate and connect with their audiences through a portfolio of solutions that include unified communications services, safety services, and interactive services, such as automated notifications, specialized agent services and telecom services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WSTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for West Corp (NASDAQ:WSTC). Receive News & Ratings for West Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for West Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clifton Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clifton Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Precision Drilling Corp’s (PDS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) by 57.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 50,258 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 18,327 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP’s holdings in Clifton Bancorp were worth $850,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of CSBK. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 36.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 39,136 shares of the company’s stock valued at $598,000 after buying an additional 10,517 shares during the last quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 55,706 shares of the company’s stock valued at $943,000 after buying an additional 4,985 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 2,477.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 53,602 shares of the company’s stock valued at $820,000 after buying an additional 51,522 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 7.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,386,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,454,000 after buying an additional 100,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of Clifton Bancorp by 154.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 7,503 shares of the company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 4,558 shares during the last quarter. 61.36% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) opened at 16.02 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $352.74 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 83.44 and a beta of 0.35. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $16.04 and a 200 day moving average price of $15.96. Clifton Bancorp Inc. has a one year low of $14.11 and a one year high of $17.49. Clifton Bancorp (NASDAQ:CSBK) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.06 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.06 by $0.01. Clifton Bancorp had a return on equity of 1.39% and a net margin of 10.45%. Equities analysts predict that Clifton Bancorp Inc. will post $0.25 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 17th were issued a dividend of $0.06 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 15th. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.50%. Clifton Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 120.01%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/two-sigma-investments-lp-buys-18327-shares-of-clifton-bancorp-inc-csbk.html. In related news, insider Diane Scriveri bought 1,900 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was bought at an average price of $15.71 per share, for a total transaction of $29,849.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 531 shares in the company, valued at $8,342.01. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 5.60% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Clifton Bancorp Company Profile Clifton Bancorp Inc, formerly Clifton Savings Bancorp, Inc, is a savings and loan holding company that operates through its subsidiary, Clifton Savings Bank (Clifton Savings). Clifton Savings is a federally chartered savings bank. Clifton Savings operate as a community-oriented financial institution offering traditional financial services to consumers and businesses in the market area. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CSBK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK). Receive News & Ratings for Clifton Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clifton Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BB Energy buys Morgan Stanley's diesel terminal in Australia Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Commodities | Tue Mar 28, 2017 | 8:41am EDT BB Energy buys Morgan Stanley's diesel terminal in Australia The logo of Morgan Stanley is seen at an office building in Zurich, Switzerland September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo By Julia Payne | LONDON LONDON BB Energy has bought Morgan Stanley's diesel terminal in Australia as the oil trader expands outside its core European and Middle East markets, the trading company said on Tuesday. The U.S. bank and its peers JPMorgan Chase & Co, Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs have been selling their physical commodity interests after the U.S. Federal Reserve and other regulators increased scrutiny of Wall Street's involvement in the sector in past few years. Morgan Stanley sold its physical oil business and trading team to U.S.-based Castleton Commodities in 2015, but retains stakes in oil tanker operator Heidmar and a marine services firm. Morgan Stanley declined to comment on the BB Energy deal. The Australian terminal in Mackay, Queensland has a 75,000 cubic meter diesel tank farm. Morgan Stanley owned the port, commissioned in December 2014, via Pioneer Energy Holdings PTY. "With the ongoing recovery of the mining sector and our diesel sourcing and trading network in the Far East, we believe we can play a role in the Australian market," BB Energy chief executive Mohamed Bassatne said in a statement. The acquisition is BB Energy's first in Australia. The company plans to open an office in Brisbane by April, expanding its operations from its origins as a Mediterranean trading firm. Australia was the biggest importer of diesel in the Asia-Pacific region, Bassatne said, adding that the Mackay terminal was being acquired via BB Energy's subsidiary Wala B Terminal Holding PTY Ltd. BB Energy, founded in 1937 in Lebanon, trades about 17 million tonnes of crude and refined products a year. Its main offices are in Singapore, London, Dubai, and Houston. (The story was refiled to add dropped word in paragraph 6) (Editing by Edmund Blair) Next In Commodities Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1 trillion, analyst estimates DUBAI Saudi Arabia's decision to cut tax paid by national oil giant Saudi Aramco has increased its value by $1 trillion, an analyst estimated on Tuesday ahead of Aramco's initial public offer of shares, expected to be the world's largest. After six decades, U.S. set to turn natgas exporter amid LNG boom The last time the United States was a net exporter of natural gas was in 1957, when Dwight Eisenhower was president. That should change in 2018 when the country is expected to become the world's third-largest exporter of liquefied natural gas (LNG). MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In PE-backed Alteryx debuts IPO March 24, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Irvine, California-based Alteryx Inc, a provider of self-service data analytics software, has raised $126 million for its IPO after pricing its 9 million shares at $14 per share. The stock began trading March 24, 2017 on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “AYX.” Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are serving as the lead underwriters. Alteryx’s backers included Iconiq Capital, Insight Venture Partners and Meritech Capital Partners. PRESS RELEASE IRVINE, Calif. — March 23, 2017 — Alteryx, Inc. (NYSE: AYX), a leading provider of self-service data analytics software, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 9,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a price of $14.00 per share. All of the shares are being offered by Alteryx. The shares are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “AYX” on March 24, 2017. In addition, Alteryx has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,350,000 shares of Class A common stock at the initial public offering price. Goldman, Sachs & Co. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Pacific Crest Securities, a division of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., William Blair & Company, L.L.C., JMP Securities LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Cowen and Company, LLC are acting as co-managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained from Goldman, Sachs & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, or by facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or by email at [email protected] ; or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204, or by email at [email protected] A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts CD&R-backed Brand and Odyssey-backed Safway to merge by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: IAC, StepStone, Barings are hiring by Eamon Murphy Providence Equity to sell PADI for $700 mln: Dow Jones by Luisa Beltran Marlin Equity racks up $3.25 bln for two funds by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Prudential, Citi Ventures are hiring by Eamon Murphy Carlyle acquires Arctic Glacier from H.I.G. by Iris Dorbian Oak Hill Capital to buy Checkers Drive-In Restaurants for $525 mln by Luisa Beltran EQT Mid Market US to acquire Innovyze from Stantec by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Dow snaps 8-day slide as consumer confidence gains The Associated Press | Tuesday, March 28, 2017, 9:48 p.m. This July 16, 2013, file photo shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. Banks and other financial companies led stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, March 28, 2017, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 5 hours ago Banks and other financial companies led stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from data showing that consumer confidence in the United States hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are focusing on tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform,” Kinahan said. “That's all the market is really hanging its hat on.” The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average's decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 percent from 2.38 percent. Since Donald Trump's presidential election win in November, investors have been optimistic that the administration will deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans' failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back to tax cuts, among other issues. “The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive.” Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers' assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor's Core­Logic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. That's a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 percent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 percent to $35.56 after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. In Europe, Germany's DAX gained 1.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 rose 0.6 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares added 0.7 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul's Kospi rose 0.3 percent. The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.09 yen from 110.57 yen. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 58 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $51.33 a barrel in London. Natural gas added 4 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.64 per gallon and heating oil gained a penny to $1.52 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. More Business Waze gets into the order-ahead business with Dunkin' Donuts Coke, Pepsi look to make bottled water rain money Tesla's Elon Musk reveals plan to link brains to computers Data show Uber lacking on employee diversity Ford to invest $1.2B in 3 Michigan plants TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Former Scottdale resident dies in Congo working as UN peacekeeper Gun tossed into Derry Twp. lake leads to charges against 5 people Tesla's Elon Musk reveals plan to link brains to computers Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Glasnow, canine medic and a cold shower (March 20-26) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Profiles of the World’s Best CEOs Close-ups of 30 leaders worldwide -- at Amazon, JPMorgan, Netflix, Disney, Alphabet, Google and more. March 19, 2016 Bernard Arnault LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, CEO since 1989 Why: What global slowdown? His luxury brands had a record year. Arnault’s luxury-goods empire defied the economic gloom in emerging markets last year to produce a 16% rise in revenue, to a record 35.7 billion euros. Standouts among the company’s brands included Christian... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Stocks Poised to Beat the Market in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tech Stocks That Sit in the Sweet Spot Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Could Pfizer Make Cash Bid for Bristol-Myers? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis 2 Ford Asks the Tough Questions On Self-Driving 3 Apple Might Need a New Move Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Bloomberg Terminal sales fell for the second time ever last year By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 28, 2017 | 8:50pm | Updated March 28, 2017 | 10:27pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: bloomberg Bloomberg saleswoman sues over rape, rampant drug culture Trump should look to New York for lessons in how to save cities Publication for Bloomberg Terminal users to go all digital Businessweek publisher let go in Bloomberg overhaul Bloomberg, the financial media giant selling $24,000-a-year terminals, saw sales of its ubiquitous black-and-orange screens fall for the second time ever last year, according to a new industry report. Terminal rentals declined by about 1 percent last year, to 324,485 worldwide, as banks downsized and cut the cord, according to a report released Tuesday by Burton-Taylor International Consulting. The 2016 decline in terminal sales was only the second time in the company’s nearly 36-year history. The only other down year was 2009, during the financial crisis. Last year, The Post exclusively reported that JPMorgan and Bank of America, two of the company’s biggest customers, were looking to cut as many as 7,000 terminals during the next three years as part of larger budget overhauls. Bloomberg is still the biggest player in the field — with more than a third of the entire market share. The next-biggest company, Thomson Reuters, fell to 23 percent. Despite the terminal drop-off, Bloomberg still managed to increase revenue by about 3.4 percent, to $9.2 billion — in part because of a 10 percent spike in bankers buying raw data feeds. SEE ALSO This data software is competing with Bloomberg for finance students 0:0 A wannabe Bloomberg terminal killer is taking aim at the... “Increasingly, people in finance want to get to the source of the data without anyone standing in between the news and them,” Morgan Downey, CEO at Money.Net and a Bloomberg competitor, told The Post. It isn’t clear how profitable Bloomberg is, since the company reports revenues but not costs. One reason for the decline in terminal sales has to do with the terminal contracts, almost all of which are denominated in US dollars, three sources in the company told The Post. The US dollar has gained so much against others that in places like Brazil — where the value of its currency has collapsed against the greenback since 2012 — terminals have effectively doubled in price from only a few years ago. Overall, the company’s growth has slowed around the world during the last four years. In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, terminal sales have dropped 1.8 percent during that time. It’s up 5.8 percent in Asia and 0.6 percent in the Americas. “Even though it’s a reality that people in Brazil or other countries suffer those problems when paying for those Bloombergs, Bloomberg has been able to sell enough terminals around the world that the net isn’t crushing them,” Douglas B. Taylor, the author of the report, told The Post. Ty Trippet, a spokesman for Bloomberg, declined to comment. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under bloomberg ,  finance ,  investors ,  sales ,  wall street Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Wells Fargo will pay $110M to settle fake-accounts scandal Read Next Wells Fargo will pay $110M to settle fake-accounts scandal Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 70,159 Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections 34,850 Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco 21,190 Staring at boobs is just one of six easy ways men can live longer Now On How Bill O’Reilly defines a ‘snowflake’ Joe Manganiello: Sofía Vergara worth the intense spotlight Montel Williams no-shows Page Six interview SEE ALL Video 0:43 Trump says he can't make a mistake, then instantly makes a mistake More Stories pagesix Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Latest News Dow 20,702 +150.52 +0.73% Nasdaq 5,875 +34.77 +0.60% S&P 500 2,359 +16.98 +0.73% 3:04 A.M. ET Pound trades lower at $1.2415 ahead of Article 50 3:00 A.M. ET Why I’ll never recover from my parents’ money drama 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.4% higher at 12,197.51 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% higher at 5,063.50 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,373.19 3:00 A.M. ET Alliance Pharma ups dividend 10% as profit soars 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 377.86 2:59 A.M. ET TUI reaffirms growth target as bookings meet views 2:58 A.M. ET Game Digital profit falls 27% on game launches 2:57 A.M. ET Johnston Press swings to loss as print declines 2:57 A.M. ET Saga hikes dividend after profit rises 10% 2:56 A.M. ET French consumer confidence unchanged in March 2:21 A.M. ET Updated British pound under pressure on Brexit trigger-day 2:20 A.M. ET BHP Billiton looks at Aussie iron ore investment 2:20 A.M. ET Fosun profit rises 28% for 2016 on lower taxes 2:15 A.M. ET Updated New £1 coin has a secret feature — and everyone is baffled by it 2:14 A.M. ET Updated Avoid ‘being short with the crowd’ — how to trade the pound as May pulls Brexit trigger 3/28 FDA OKs Genentech multiple-sclerosis drug Ocrevus 3/28 Toshiba board approves Westinghouse bankruptcy filing 3/28 Asia-Pacific stocks post gains after Wall Street’s rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Omega Announces Pricing of Senior Notes Offering By Published: Mar 28, 2017 4:50 p.m. ET Share HUNT VALLEY, Md., Mar 28, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. OHI, +1.05% (“Omega”) today announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of $550 million of 4.750% Senior Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”), and $150 million of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes,” and collectively with the 2028 Notes, the “Notes”). The 2025 Notes are a further issuance of, fully fungible with, rank equally in right of payment with and form a single series with the $250 million principal amount of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2025 initial issued by Omega on July 17, 2015. The settlement of this offering is expected to occur on April 4, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Omega expects to use the net proceeds from the offering to (i) redeem all of its outstanding $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024, (ii) repay a $200 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility which is due and payable in full on June 27, 2017, and (iii) repay outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility. The remainder, if any, will be used for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions. The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of Omega guaranteed by Omega’s existing and future subsidiaries that guarantee indebtedness for money borrowed of Omega. J.P. Morgan, BofA Merrill Lynch, Credit Agricole CIB and Stifel are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. The 2028 Notes will mature on January 15, 2028, have an issue price to the public of 98.978% and feature a fixed-rate coupon of 4.750% per annum, payable semiannually. The 2025 Notes will mature on January 15, 2025, have an issue price to the public of 99.540% plus accrued interest from January 15, 2017 and feature a fixed-rate coupon of 4.500% per annum, payable semiannually. The offering is being conducted by means of a prospectus supplement filed as part of a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, by telephone at (212) 834-4533 or by fax at (212) 834-6081; Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., 1301 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019, Attention: Fixed Income Syndicate, by telephone at (866) 807-6030; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, by e-mail at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; or Stifel, Nicolaus and Company, Incorporated, 787 Seventh Avenue, Eleventh Floor, New York, NY 10019, by telephone at (800) 966-1559. Potential investors should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus, the registration statement and the other documents that Omega has filed with the SEC in connection with the offering. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may also be obtained without charge by visiting the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Omega is a real estate investment trust investing in and providing financing to the long-term care industry. As of December 31, 2016, Omega has a portfolio of investments that includes approximately 1,000 properties located in 42 states and the United Kingdom and operated by 79 different operators. This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding Omega’s or its tenants’, operators’, borrowers’ or managers’ expected future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, funds from operations, dividends and dividend plans, financing opportunities and plans, capital markets transactions, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, operating metrics, capital expenditures, competitive positions, acquisitions, investment opportunities, dispositions, merger integration, growth opportunities, expected lease income, continued qualification as a REIT, plans and objectives of management for future operations and statements that include words such as “anticipate,” “if,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “will” and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and actual results may differ from Omega’s expectations. Omega does not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Omega’s actual results may differ materially from those reflected in such forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including, among other things: (i) uncertainties relating to the business operations of the operators of Omega’s properties, including those relating to reimbursement by third-party payors, regulatory matters and occupancy levels; (ii) regulatory and other changes in the healthcare sector; (iii) changes in the financial position of Omega’s operators; (iv) the ability of any of Omega’s operators in bankruptcy to reject unexpired lease obligations, modify the terms of Omega’s mortgages and impede the ability of to collect unpaid rent or interest during the pendency of a bankruptcy proceeding and retain security deposits for the debtor's obligations; (v) the availability and cost of capital; (vi) changes in Omega’s credit ratings and the ratings of its debt securities; (vii) competition in the financing of healthcare facilities; (viii) Omega’s ability to maintain its status as a REIT; (ix) Omega’s ability to manage, re-lease or sell any owned and operated facilities, if any; (x) Omega’s ability to sell closed or foreclosed assets on a timely basis and on terms that allow Omega to realize the carrying value of these assets; (xi) the effect of economic and market conditions generally, and particularly in the healthcare industry; (xii) the potential impact of changes in the skilled nursing facility and assisted living facility markets or local real estate conditions on the Company’s ability to dispose of assets held for sale for the anticipated proceeds or on a timely basis, or to redeploy the proceeds therefrom on favorable terms; (xiii) Omega’s ability to close this offering of Notes and (xiv) other factors identified in Omega’s filings with the SEC. Statements regarding future events and developments and Omega’s future performance, as well as management's expectations, beliefs, plans, estimates or projections relating to the future, are forward looking statements. Omega undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this announcement. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170328006498/en/ SOURCE: Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. Bob Stephenson, CFO, 410-427-1700 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References OHI +0.34 +1.05% Most Popular Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco House panel passes bill to audit the Fed People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate A look at David Rockefeller’s real estate gifts View More SectorWatch This is the future of air travel View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Omega Healthcare Investors Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OHI $32.79 +0.34 (+1.05%) Volume 1.6M Open $32.48 High $32.93 Low $32.38 P/E Ratio 18.08 Div Yield 7.56 Market Cap 6.4B
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer Remix: Why Hostess could be too risky for your taste Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: Why Hostess could be too risky for your taste    7 Hours Ago | 01:21 Hostess Brands may be floating along well so far, but Jim Cramer is worried about this consumer foods play for a host of reasons. "Hostess Brands' growth is decelerating, the balance sheet is less than ideal with $1 billion of debt," and there's a risk of private equity shareholders unloading their positions and hurting the newly public stock, the "Mad Money" host said. And while Cramer has nothing against private equity practices, some of them could endanger the interests of Hostess' public shareholders, he added. "That's why my takeaway here is simple: if you like Hostess, I bet you'll love Flowers Foods, FLO, a pure-play bakery company and the owner of most of the bread brands that Hostess sold back in 2013," Cramer said. Flowers Foods' balance sheet is much cleaner, with less debt than Hostess, and the stock has soared 27 percent higher in the past six months thanks to strong earnings. So despite Cramer's love for Twinkies, private equity baggage is not his cup of tea, so he recommends sticking with Flowers Foods. "It's much less risky and better for you," he said. Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images A customer picks up a General Mills Inc. Yoplait brand yogurt at a supermarket in Princeton, Illinois, U.S. Market uncertainty can make any investor think about diversifying, so Cramer took to the charts to find out why consumer foods giant General Mills could be poised for a rally. The "Mad Money" host turned to Larry Williams, an legendary technician whose calls have always intrigued Cramer over the years. Tracing General Mills' trajectory back to 2015, Williams combined two key patterns, a 125-day cycle and 425-day cycle, to form this chart's red line, which Cramer said "has been a pretty accurate indicator of where the stock has headed:" Cramer's take? "The charts ... suggest that the beaten-down General Mills could soon be ready to roar, a bold contrarian call from a brilliant guy with a fabulous track record. My instincts say that if you want to own a food stock for diversification or you're going for the fundamentals, you buy PepsiCo, a name that's owned by my charitable trust." Meanwhile, Cramer took a look at Darden Restaurants, the parent of Oliver Garden and a Cramer family favorite. "I think that Darden remains one of the greatest underrated stories out there," he said. "The reality is that they're making a ton of money with their family style fresh food and their new technology, which makes ordering foolproof." And with the consumer confident, but still frugal, Cramer recommended stocks like Darden and Carnival Cruise for investors who want to play the bargain shopper. "If you can get a bargain — and no one would ever say Olive Garden's expensive — or you can go somewhere inexpensive that's purely experiential, then you have a hit on your hands, which is exactly what Carnival and its brethren produce 52 weeks a year, all over the globe," Cramer said. Getty Images A traffic light is seen in front of the Capitol building in Washington. With the bears growling at each Washington misstep, Cramer went back to individual stocks to root out the positive stories driving the bull market regardless of President Donald Trump. Tuesday's consumer confidence number was the bears' first "bee sting," Cramer said. At 126, it was the best report since December of 2000 and discounted concerns over the Trump agenda being fulfilled. After applauding the recent fortunes of stocks like Tesla, Red Hat, Apple, and even General Motors, Cramer argued that the bears are reading too far into Trump's weaknesses by drawing conclusions that the GOP's health-care flop means Washington is somehow falling apart. "The consumer's not frozen in place, wallowing in disappointment over Paul Ryan's failure to live up to a seven-year promise. The consumer's cruising and eating out and generally having a jolly old time," Cramer said. And, while the bears are busy overanalyzing Trump tweets and praising pundits, Cramer's advice to investors is to stick to the stocks, which paint a prettier — and often more accurate — picture. Kiyoshi Ota | Bloomberg | Getty Images Young shoppers browse makeup products at an Estee Lauder MAC Cosmetics store. Speaking of pretty, JPMorgan's ultra-bullish call on Estee Lauder caught Cramer's eye last week, so he looked into why the analysts see a $100 price target in the beauty giant's future. Though the stock has not been a strong long-term performer, JPMorgan's note pointed out how much the company benefits from the rise of social media and selfie culture, its massive size and good deal history, and its positive growth trajectory at home and abroad. Investors seem to be confident in Estee Lauder's prospects and the stock isn't particularly expensive at its current price, so Cramer saw reason in JPMorgan's call. "I could easily see Estee Lauder going to $100, thanks to the leadership of CEO Fabrizio Freda and the way he's trying to pivot the company to benefit from the beauty boom. I think JPMorgan's got it right with this overweight call and I'd be a buyer, too," Cramer said. In Cramer's lightning round, he rattled off his take on these two medical plays: Pfizer: "Well, Pfizer's kind of sitting there. They need to do a deal, they need to split up or buy someone. They should buy Bristol-Myers [Squibb]. Then we'd have everything work out." Arconic Inc.: "Well, we're telling club members of [Cramer's charitable trust] ActionAlertsPlus.com that as we get closer to [the vote on the company's director nominees], we will make a decision. We do like the fact that Klaus Kleinfeld split the company up and created a lot of value, though." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GIS --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,358.57 +16.98 (+0.73%) Dow 30 20,701.50 +150.52 (+0.73%) Nasdaq 5,875.14 +34.77 (+0.60%) US STOCKS-Dow on track to snap 8-day losing streak as banks gain ReutersMarch 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share * Consumer confidence index jumps to 16-yr high in March * Financial stocks lead gainers among S&P sectors * Apple hits record high; top stock on S&P, Nasdaq * Indexes up: Dow 0.45 pct, S&P 0.50 pct, Nasdaq 0.33 pct (Updates to early afternoon) By Yashaswini Swamynathan March 28 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average on track to snap an eight-day losing streak as financial stocks jumped on the back of strong consumer data. U.S. consumers' confidence in the economy rose in March to its highest level since December 2000, a survey by the Conference Board showed on Tuesday, led by optimism for finding work and a brighter assessment of business conditions. The S&P 500 financial sector jumped 1.16 percent, led by Bank of America. Gains in Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan boosted the Dow. "This market is driven by two things - the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you've gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong." The CBOE Volatility index eased, a day after hitting its highest level since November. Gold lost some shine as a safe-haven, while the dollar edged up. At 12:25 p.m. ET (1625 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 92.38 points, or 0.45 percent, at 20,643.36, the S&P 500 was up 11.69 points, or 0.50 percent, at 2,353.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 18.99 points, or 0.33 percent, at 5,859.37. Tuesday's gains come after a week of declines on the Dow as investors fretted over President Donald Trump's ability to push his agenda after the healthcare bill failed to get enough support, leading to its withdrawal in Congress on Friday. However, investors appeared to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. The White House late on Monday said it would take a lead role in crafting the tax reform legislature and set an August target date for the bill. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher with financials, energy and materials gaining more than 1 percent. Three sectors were flat. Apple's 1.3 percent gain made it the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, shortly after hitting an all-time high of $142.87. General Motors rose 3.2 percent to $35.85 after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.8 percent to $277.82 after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent passive stake in the company for $1.78 billion. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen did not comment on the central bank's monetary policy, while speaking at a conference in Washington. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,972 to 847. On the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,178 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 15 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 66 new highs and 27 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next High risk of a 'correction' ... and politics probably won't be to blame, Goldman says CNBC Bond Market Update from Briefing.com Briefing.com Stock Market Update from Briefing.com Briefing.com Dow snaps 8-day losing streak as consumer confidence surges; financials lead CNBC Trades to make as the Dow continues 8-day slide CNBC.com White House plan to help pay for border wall is a long shot Associated Press Apple just made a historic and risky change to all iPhones — and you probably didn't even notice Business Insider Investor burned by Bernie Madoff jumps to death from Manhattan hotel CNBC Snap surges after IPO banks give flurry of 'buy' ratings Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, March 29 Yahoo Finance Video The real story behind those two math grads who are 'disrupting the auto insurance industry' Yahoo Finance Baidu Kicks Off Overseas Campus Recruitment to Attract Global Talent Marketwired The Democratic National Committee just asked all its staffers to resign Business Insider Former Google exec: Here's how to know it's time to fire an employee CNBC The No.1 investment bank on Snap's IPO is projecting massive growth for the company Business Insider Countdown to Brexit pressures British PM May, EU leaders Yahoo Finance Video Petition to Melania Trump: Move to the White House or pay for your own security at Trump Tower M. E.: Thanks for screwing the country over you pompous a - - ! You cut money from all kinds of programs and yet you think nothing of wasting taxpayer's money on your family. You said you would stay at the White House because there was a lot of work to do....Liar!!!! Fake President.....time for you to be impeached! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1k
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Jerome Favre/Bloomberg Putting All Our Eggs in China's Basket Came at a Cost, UBS Says by Cathy Chan @chan_cat More stories by Cathy Chan March 28, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT Firm trails Morgan Stanley, Citi in Asia banking revenue Kendall revamping team to capture more cross-border deals UBS Group AG, which built an Asian investment-banking powerhouse around the strength of its China business, is finding that excessive reliance on one single market can be a bad thing. Sam Kendall, who was promoted last year to run the regional investment bank, is trying to widen UBS’s scope by assigning more bankers a pan-Asian focus and pushing them to pursue deals that aren’t directly linked to the health of Chinese markets. While Kendall stressed that China is still a crucial market for UBS, he acknowledged the bank hasn’t paid enough attention to other parts of Asia. Sam Kendall Photographer: Justin Chin/Bloomberg “We were 100 percent focused on China,” Kendall said in a recent interview. “That is good when China is really going well. When China doesn’t go well, it means you haven’t necessarily got the agility in your business." As Chinese companies started raising billions of dollars going public in Hong Kong more than a decade ago, Kendall was part of the equity capital markets team that helped UBS flourish. But with Chinese banks taking market share, fees falling and regulatory scrutiny increasing, that business has lost much of its luster. Read More: UBS's Asia Investment-Banking Bonus Pool Said to Decline by 15% Morgan Stanley, Nomura Holdings Inc. and Citigroup Inc. generated the most revenue from investment banking in the Asia-Pacific region last year, followed by UBS, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Credit Suisse Group AG, according to data from researcher Coalition. Excluding China, UBS ranked No. 8 in underwriting equity and equity-linked sales in Asia last year, Bloomberg data show. Nomura and Morgan Stanley led that league table. As Kendall, 46, held introductory meetings with investment bankers after his promotion, he heard a litany of complaints about a bureaucratic management structure that was slowing decision making and causing UBS to lose business. "There was a sense that we had lost our mojo,” he said. "The business seemed to be lost, and there was frustration. What we were really good at once upon a time was not necessarily working as well as it had previously.” Fees from Chinese companies accounted for about half of UBS’s Asian investment banking revenue in 2015, Kendall’s predecessor Matt Hanning said in an interview that year. When the Chinese equity market went into free-fall in mid-2015, UBS was exposed. Pretax profit at at the firm’s investment bank in Asia -- which also includes businesses such as equity trading -- tumbled by about two-thirds last year, to 300 million Swiss francs ($299 million). Another blow came in October, when UBS said it could be fined in Hong Kong and suspended from acting as a sponsor on IPOs there as punishment for its work on past deals it didn’t identify. Hong Kong regulators have been cracking down on investment banks for taking companies public that later became embroiled in accounting scandals. UBS ranked 19th in advising on Hong Kong IPOs over the past 12 months, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Kendall has put more emphasis on winning advisory work in other parts of Asia, especially Southeast Asia, South Korea and India. He also plans to double the size of his regional team of mergers advisory specialists to about 14 people. Another effort involves putting junior bankers into industry-focused teams, rather than having them concentrate on a single country. The goal is to get better at winning follow-up deals advisory work from corporate clients, according to Kendall. "There are a number of companies, for which we managed IPOs four or five years ago, that have done M&A transactions over the last 12 months which we didn’t know about," Kendall said. Properly covering a corporate client “involves more than just a coffee in the Four Seasons Hotel lobby." The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Several senior UBS bankers have left since Kendall’s elevation, including Saurabh Beniwal, who ran investment banking in Asia excluding Australia and Japan. Japanese-speaker Andrea Casati was hired from JPMorgan Chase & Co. to run the regional equity capital markets syndicate business, after Damien Brosnan’s departure. Kendall said some 15 bankers have been hired to replace the approximately 20 who left since he took over. There are signs that Kendall’s revamp is starting to bear fruit. UBS ranks second in mergers advisory in the Asia-Pacific region so far this year, data compiled by Bloomberg show. It was No. 4 in the year-earlier period. Kendall said the number of transactions submitted to UBS’s investment committee for vetting roughly doubled in the second half of last year from the first six months. As for better capturing China’s outbound deals frenzy, UBS may be coming late to the party. Beijing has increased scrutiny of overseas investments, while regulators abroad have blocked Chinese buyers in sectors including energy infrastructure, technology and electronics on security grounds. As much as a third of the $220 billion worth of cross-border deals announced by Chinese acquirers last year have been canceled or withdrawn, according to law firm Linklaters LLP. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade The Biggest Risk From the Dollar's Drop May Not Be What You Would Guess Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 2 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Eugene Hoshiko A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after Wall Street sank on worries the Trump administration might not do as much for businesses as once thought. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) AP Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer Mar 28, 2017 Updated 33 min ago Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Eugene Hoshiko A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after Wall Street sank on worries the Trump administration might not do as much for businesses as once thought. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks were uneven on Wednesday as investors weighed strong U.S. economic reports against uncertainty as Britain readies a formal request to leave the European Union. KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was practically unchanged at 19,208.10 and South Korea's Kospi rose less than 0.1 percent to 2,164.32. Hong Kong's Hang Seng climbed 0.4 percent to 24,432.61 but the Shanghai Composite index lost 0.5 percent to 3,237.36. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.8 percent to 5,866.80. CONFIDENCE RISING: The U.S. economy, the world's biggest, continues to strengthen, according to two data reports. The Conference Board's consumer confidence index rose in March to its highest level since 2000, in an upbeat sign of consumer future expectations. Also, U.S. home prices in January jumped at the fastest pace in nearly 2½ years because the tightening supply of houses for sale sparked bidding wars in many cities. QUOTEWORTHY: "While it's possible that U.S. consumer confidence may be tempered a little next month following the government's failure to achieve its healthcare reforms, the latest figure indicates a high base for confidence which should help support consumption and U.S. economic growth over coming months," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets. BREXIT: British Prime Minister Theresa May's plan on Wednesday to trigger Article 50 of the European Union's key treaty has sent the pound lower. The request will trigger two years of negotiations before the U.K can exit the EU, a move that's divided Britain and leaves 3 million EU citizens living in the country worried about their future. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.7 percent to end at 20,701.50, turning in its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 0.7 percent to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 0.6 percent to 5,875.14. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. CURRENCIES. The dollar strengthened to 111.25 yen from 110.57 yen. The euro rose to $1.0821 from $1.0810. The pound fell to $1.2413 from $1.2447. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 11 cents to $48.48 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 7 cents to $51.49 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Currency Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Japanese Yen Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News Latest in section Pennsylvania school district Oks pact on immigrant students White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall The Latest: ACLU: Immigrant education pact will be 'strong' Senate, White House pass on House push to revive health bill Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans More on this topic Pennsylvania school district Oks pact on immigrant students The Latest: ACLU: Immigrant education pact will be 'strong' Senate, White House pass on House push to revive health bill Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Most Popular on nwi.com Westville teen killed in early morning wreck 3 men wounded after Flick's Tap shooting Ameristar casino dealer charged with cheating, theft Coroner: Burned body found near state line Highland man pleads to reckless homicide in fatal bar stabbing Currents Baseball MLB predictions: Who will come out on top in 2017? Basketball March Madness 2017: Predicting the Sweet 16 +43 World News Graphic photos: The scene near the Parliament attack in London Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Oshie's OT goal for Caps beats Wild 5-4 after Ovi hat trick Whiteside's buzzer-beating tip-in lifts Heat past Pistons Bobrovsky stops 41 shots as Blue Jackets beats Sabres 3-1 Stempniak, Nordstrom lead Hurricanes past Red Wings, 4-1 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Stevenson and Fairchild OMS 61 West 86th Avenue, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads McShane's Business Products & Solutions 1844 45th St , Munster, IN 46321 Ads Mickey's Car Barn 1300 Erie Ct, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Terry's Discount Windows & More 3152 Morthland Dr, Valparaiso, IN 46385 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Brad's Designs & Jewelry Brad's Designs & Jewelry ~ Breath-taking Custom Jeweler ~ Ask us about Lay-Away! Updated Mar 23, 2017 Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant Are you looking to Baptize your newborn? Call Free Spirit Church today at (219) 663-3900. Updated Mar 23, 2017 Lawn Doctor of West Lake County You Can Have the Best Lawn On the Block. Call Lawn Doctor of West Lake County Today for a FREE On Site Evaluation Today 219-440-7098 Updated Mar 23, 2017 Snow & Ice Pros Inc. 10 REASONS YOU NEED SNOW & ICE PROS THIS WINTER FOR YOUR BUSINESS IN NWI Updated Mar 23, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Latest News Dow 20,702 +150.52 +0.73% Nasdaq 5,875 +34.77 +0.60% S&P 500 2,359 +16.98 +0.73% 3:04 A.M. ET Pound trades lower at $1.2415 ahead of Article 50 3:00 A.M. ET Why I’ll never recover from my parents’ money drama 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.4% higher at 12,197.51 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% higher at 5,063.50 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,373.19 3:00 A.M. ET Alliance Pharma ups dividend 10% as profit soars 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 377.86 2:59 A.M. ET TUI reaffirms growth target as bookings meet views 2:58 A.M. ET Game Digital profit falls 27% on game launches 2:57 A.M. ET Johnston Press swings to loss as print declines 2:57 A.M. ET Saga hikes dividend after profit rises 10% 2:56 A.M. ET French consumer confidence unchanged in March 2:21 A.M. ET Updated British pound under pressure on Brexit trigger-day 2:20 A.M. ET BHP Billiton looks at Aussie iron ore investment 2:20 A.M. ET Fosun profit rises 28% for 2016 on lower taxes 2:15 A.M. ET Updated New £1 coin has a secret feature — and everyone is baffled by it 2:14 A.M. ET Updated Avoid ‘being short with the crowd’ — how to trade the pound as May pulls Brexit trigger 3/28 FDA OKs Genentech multiple-sclerosis drug Ocrevus 3/28 Toshiba board approves Westinghouse bankruptcy filing 3/28 Asia-Pacific stocks post gains after Wall Street’s rebound Log In My MarketWatch Home Press Release LSC Communications, Inc. Announces Closing of Secondary Common Stock Offering and Exercise and Closing of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares By Published: Mar 28, 2017 4:15 p.m. ET Share CHICAGO, Mar 28, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- LSC Communications, Inc. LKSD, +0.13% (the “Company”) announced today that R. R. Donnelley & Sons Company (“RRD”), a stockholder of the Company, has completed the sale of 6,242,802 shares of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”), of the Company at a public offering price of $20.25 per share. The selling stockholder received all of the proceeds from the sale of these shares at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, the Company completed the sale of 936,420 shares of the Company’s Common Stock sold pursuant to the underwriters’ exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions, which amounted to approximately $18.2 million in net proceeds. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of these additional shares for general corporate purposes. Citigroup, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC acted as the joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering. Following the completion of the offering, RRD retained no shares of the Company’s Common Stock. A registration statement relating to the Company’s Common Stock has been filed with, and declared effective by, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About LSC Communications LSC Communications LKSD, +0.13% is a global leader in traditional and digital print, print-related services and office products that serves the needs of publishers, merchandisers and retailers. The Company’s service offering includes e-services, warehousing and fulfillment and supply chain management. LSC utilizes a broad portfolio of technology capabilities coupled with consultative attention to clients' needs to increase speed to market, reduce costs, provide postal savings to clients and improve efficiencies. Strategically located operations provide local service and responsiveness while leveraging the economic, geographic and technological advantages of an international organization. Forward-Looking Statements This news release may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, the use of proceeds from the offering. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and any such forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the following cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release and are based on current expectations and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, including risks associated with the ability of LSC Communications to perform as expected as a separate, independent entity and risks associated with the volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, and adverse changes in the global economy. Readers are strongly encouraged to read the full cautionary statements contained in LSC’s filings with the SEC. LSC disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170328006466/en/ SOURCE: LSC Communications, Inc. Investor Relations Contact: LSC Communications, Inc. Janet Halpin, 773-272-9275 SVP Treasurer and Investor Relations investor.relations@lsccom.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References LKSD +0.03 +0.13% Most Popular Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco House panel passes bill to audit the Fed People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery Luxury Real Estate A look at David Rockefeller’s real estate gifts View More SectorWatch This is the future of air travel View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LSC Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LKSD $23.84 +0.03 (+0.13%) Volume 440.9K Open $23.71 High $24.32 Low $23.32 P/E Ratio 7.37 Div Yield 4.19 Market Cap 784.0M LSC Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LKSD $23.84 +0.03 (+0.13%) Volume 440.9K Open $23.71 High $24.32 Low $23.32 P/E Ratio 7.37 Div Yield 4.19 Market Cap 784.0M
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes up 151 points Tuesday Mar 28, 2017 at 10:38 AM Mar 28, 2017 at 5:03 PM The Associated Press Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from new data showing that consumer confidence in the U.S. hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are pivoting to tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. "The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform," Kinahan said. "That's all the market is really hanging its hat on." The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average's decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 percent from 2.38 percent. Since Donald Trump's presidential election win last November, investors have been optimistic that the administration would deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans' failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back on tax cuts, among other issues. "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers' assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor's CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. That's a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 percent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 percent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. In Europe, Germany's DAX gained 1.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 rose 0.6 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares added 0.7 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul's Kospi rose 0.3 percent. The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.09 yen from 110.57 yen. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 58 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $51.33 a barrel in London. Natural gas added 4 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.64 per gallon and heating oil gained a penny to $1.52 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans 2017-03-29T02:44:57Z2017-03-29T02:44:57Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on W... By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks were uneven on Wednesday as investors weighed strong U.S. economic reports against uncertainty as Britain readies a formal request to leave the European Union. KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was practically unchanged at 19,208.10 and South Korea's Kospi rose less than 0.1 percent to 2,164.32. Hong Kong's Hang Seng climbed 0.4 percent to 24,432.61 but the Shanghai Composite index lost 0.5 percent to 3,237.36. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.8 percent to 5,866.80. CONFIDENCE RISING: The U.S. economy, the world's biggest, continues to strengthen, according to two data reports. The Conference Board's consumer confidence index rose in March to its highest level since 2000, in an upbeat sign of consumer future expectations. Also, U.S. home prices in January jumped at the fastest pace in nearly 2½ years because the tightening supply of houses for sale sparked bidding wars in many cities. QUOTEWORTHY: "While it's possible that U.S. consumer confidence may be tempered a little next month following the government's failure to achieve its healthcare reforms, the latest figure indicates a high base for confidence which should help support consumption and U.S. economic growth over coming months," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets. BREXIT: British Prime Minister Theresa May's plan on Wednesday to trigger Article 50 of the European Union's key treaty has sent the pound lower. The request will trigger two years of negotiations before the U.K can exit the EU, a move that's divided Britain and leaves 3 million EU citizens living in the country worried about their future. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.7 percent to end at 20,701.50, turning in its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 0.7 percent to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 0.6 percent to 5,875.14. CURRENCIES. The dollar strengthened to 111.25 yen from 110.57 yen. The euro rose to $1.0821 from $1.0810. The pound fell to $1.2413 from $1.2447. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 11 cents to $48.48 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 7 cents to $51.49 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> APNewsBreak: Cyanide device on US land broke agency policy APNewsBreak: Cyanide device on US land broke agency policy Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:55:27 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:55:27 GMT Officials say a cyanide device for killing coyotes that spewed the poison on a boy and killed his dog was set up on public land in Idaho in February despite a decision months earlier to halt use of the devices on...More >> Officials say a cyanide device for killing coyotes that spewed the poison on a boy and killed his dog was set up on public land in Idaho in February despite a decision months earlier to halt use of the devices on all the state's U.S.-owned land.More >> Undercover videos of fetal tissue talks spur felony charges Undercover videos of fetal tissue talks spur felony charges Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:35 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:35:12 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:36:23 GMT Two anti-abortion activists who secretly recorded Planned Parenthood conversations about fetal tissue must each face more than a dozen felony charges.More >> Two anti-abortion activists who secretly recorded Planned Parenthood conversations about fetal tissue must each face more than a dozen felony charges.More >> New York foster father faces trial in sex abuse case New York foster father faces trial in sex abuse case Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:35 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:35:25 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:36 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:36:27 GMT A New York foster father who took in more than 100 troubled boys over 20 years is set to go on trial on charges he sexually abused eight of the children.More >> A New York foster father who took in more than 100 troubled boys over 20 years is set to go on trial on charges he sexually abused eight of the children.More >> Israeli lawmakers reach out to US Jews on anti-Semitism Israeli lawmakers reach out to US Jews on anti-Semitism Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:35 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:35:12 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:36 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:36:23 GMT A group of lawmakers representing a cross-section of Israel's political spectrum is reaching out to American Jews to discuss anti-Semitism in the United States.More >> A group of lawmakers representing a cross-section of Israel's political spectrum is reaching out to American Jews to discuss anti-Semitism in the United States.More >> Ex-Christie aides to be sentenced in New Jersey bridge case Ex-Christie aides to be sentenced in New Jersey bridge case Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:25 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:25:08 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:25 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:25:08 GMT Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday for their roles in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal.More >> Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday for their roles in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 37F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Eugene Hoshiko A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after Wall Street sank on worries the Trump administration might not do as much for businesses as once thought. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) AP Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer Mar 28, 2017 Updated 21 min ago 1 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Eugene Hoshiko A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after Wall Street sank on worries the Trump administration might not do as much for businesses as once thought. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks were uneven on Wednesday as investors weighed strong U.S. economic reports against uncertainty as Britain readies a formal request to leave the European Union. KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was practically unchanged at 19,208.10 and South Korea's Kospi rose less than 0.1 percent to 2,164.32. Hong Kong's Hang Seng climbed 0.4 percent to 24,432.61 but the Shanghai Composite index lost 0.5 percent to 3,237.36. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.8 percent to 5,866.80. CONFIDENCE RISING: The U.S. economy, the world's biggest, continues to strengthen, according to two data reports. The Conference Board's consumer confidence index rose in March to its highest level since 2000, in an upbeat sign of consumer future expectations. Also, U.S. home prices in January jumped at the fastest pace in nearly 2½ years because the tightening supply of houses for sale sparked bidding wars in many cities. QUOTEWORTHY: "While it's possible that U.S. consumer confidence may be tempered a little next month following the government's failure to achieve its healthcare reforms, the latest figure indicates a high base for confidence which should help support consumption and U.S. economic growth over coming months," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets. BREXIT: British Prime Minister Theresa May's plan on Wednesday to trigger Article 50 of the European Union's key treaty has sent the pound lower. The request will trigger two years of negotiations before the U.K can exit the EU, a move that's divided Britain and leaves 3 million EU citizens living in the country worried about their future. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.7 percent to end at 20,701.50, turning in its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 0.7 percent to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 0.6 percent to 5,875.14. CURRENCIES. The dollar strengthened to 111.25 yen from 110.57 yen. The euro rose to $1.0821 from $1.0810. The pound fell to $1.2413 from $1.2447. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 11 cents to $48.48 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 7 cents to $51.49 a barrel in London. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Currency Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Japanese Yen Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (1) comment (1) comment Asiseeit Mar 28, 2017 11:22am only one way to go, it will hit hard and fast Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION California slaying victims are mom, 2 kids and another woman Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama climate change rules House Republicans, short of votes, abruptly pull health care bill Trump's border wall with Mexico faces all kinds of obstacles Abby Lee Miller quits 'Dance Moms' before fraud sentencing Business Directory Latest Local Offers Pischke Motors La Crosse Military and Veteran Discount - Pischke Motors Mar 20, 2017 Fraternal Order of Eagles - La Crosse 1254 Taco Tuesdays at Fraternal Order of Eagles from 11-1. 630 6th St South in La Crosse. Updated Mar 22, 2017 ≫ today's question Do you think city residents should be allowed to keep bees? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30537406.pdf 30529324.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Mar 28 Upper Northside Logan Neighborhood Association Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Mar 28 Story time, for ages 3 to 6 Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Dave Armstrong and Andy Mueller Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 10:00 pm Mar 28 Golden Yoga Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 11:15 am Mar 28 Jazz night Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Mar 28 Duplicate bridge Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Mar 28 Trivia Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Mar 28 Saving Abel and Tantric with Year of the Locust Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Chair Yoga Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Mar 28 Open Jam: The Organic Music Cooperative Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Mgm Wine & Spirits 850 Menard Rd, Winona, MN 55987 Ads Jolivette Family Farms Inc W3452 State Road 16, West Salem, WI 54669 Millers Antiques And Auction Company W13274 Green Acres Rd, Hixton, WI 54635 New Adventure Tours 19006 State, Gays Mills, WI 54631 Currents National Which places have the most toxic spills? National How Trump's moves on coal will affect the industry National Now what? The next steps for health care legislation Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court Curry's 32 lead Warriors over Rockets 113-106 Stempniak, Nordstrom lead Hurricanes past Red Wings, 4-1 Matthews sets rookie scoring mark in Leafs' 3-2 win Whiteside's buzzer-beating tip-in lifts Heat past Pistons TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Nick Cannon takes on lupus (2014) Trump voters to president: Stop Twitter rants Nunes: 'Why would I not' remain intel chair? Hillary Clinton: GOP health bill failure a win News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Partners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 29th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes close higher as consumer confidence gains Business Related Apps of the Week Poll How would you rate Donald Trump’s first 100 days as president of the United States? 5 – Great 4 3 2 1 – Awful View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on March 28, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) 00000 Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from new data showing that consumer confidence in the U.S. hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are pivoting to tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform,” Kinahan said. “That’s all the market is really hanging its hat on.” The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average’s decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 per cent from 2.38 per cent. Since Donald Trump’s presidential election win last November, investors have been optimistic that the administration would deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans’ failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back on tax cuts, among other issues. “The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive.” Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers’ assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that’s not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren’t a lot of homes on the market. That’s a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 per cent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 per cent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 per cent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 per cent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 per cent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 per cent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker’s stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. In Europe, Germany’s DAX gained 1.3 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 rose 0.6 per cent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares added 0.7 per cent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.5 per cent. Seoul’s Kospi rose 0.3 per cent. The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.09 yen from 110.57 yen. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 64 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to close at $48.37 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 58 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to close at $51.33 a barrel in London. Natural gas added 4 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.64 per gallon and heating oil gained a penny to $1.52 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 29th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes close higher as consumer confidence gains Poll Did you ever participate in the Kiwanis Music and Speech Arts Festival? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on March 28, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from new data showing that consumer confidence in the U.S. hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are pivoting to tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform,” Kinahan said. “That’s all the market is really hanging its hat on.” The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average’s decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 per cent from 2.38 per cent. Since Donald Trump’s presidential election win last November, investors have been optimistic that the administration would deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans’ failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back on tax cuts, among other issues. “The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive.” Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers’ assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that’s not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren’t a lot of homes on the market. That’s a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 per cent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 per cent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 per cent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 per cent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 per cent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 per cent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker’s stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. In Europe, Germany’s DAX gained 1.3 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 rose 0.6 per cent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares added 0.7 per cent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.5 per cent. Seoul’s Kospi rose 0.3 per cent. The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.09 yen from 110.57 yen. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 64 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to close at $48.37 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 58 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to close at $51.33 a barrel in London. Natural gas added 4 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.64 per gallon and heating oil gained a penny to $1.52 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev St. Anthony doesn't want to pay for Falcon Heights police events White House sought to block Yates' testimony on Russia Finalist with undisclosed bankruptcy protection drops out of St. Paul schools' chief search More than 30 percent of Minnesota farmers lost money in 2016 Minnesota shouldn't see much change as Trump boosts coal Charges say Fridley mother of 8 rang up $118K in welfare fraud Alex Ovechkin's hat trick, T.J. Oshie's OT winnner send Capitals over Wild Ricky Rubio's three late free throws lift Wolves over Indiana 115-114 It's time to vote in the Ultimate Minnesota Beer Bracket Championship round No tape delay: NBC will air Winter Olympics live across U.S. Mpls. traffic agent struck by car pleads with motorists to 'pay attention' next Business 417364323 Big banks, financial tech services play tug-of-war over consumer data At stake are the digital trails that people leave with every electronic transaction.  By NATHANIEL POPPER New York Times&#xfeff; March 28, 2017 — 5:19pm Damien Maloney - New York Times Personal Capital in San Carlos, Calif., allows consumers to look at their financial accounts on one dashboard, and provides them with financial advice. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint SAN FRANCISCO – The big banks and Silicon Valley are waging an escalating battle over your personal financial data, including the amount you spent on dinner last week and how much you are paying for your mortgage. Technology start-ups like Mint and Betterment have been building services that pull together your bank account and credit card records — after you supply the passwords. But now big banks are making a concerted push to set new restrictions on how technology companies can get access to this personal financial data, in some cases refusing to pass along information like the fees and interest rates they charge. Banks like JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo said they want to give consumers access to their data, but are seeking new rules in response to a lack of standards for how technology companies handle personal financial data. "When you think about millions of customers handing over their bank account credentials to third parties, who currently have no real oversight or examination of their security controls, you start to understand why our members get pretty nervous," said Jason Kratovil, vice president for government affairs for payments at the Financial Services Roundtable, which represents the largest banks. The tech companies, in turn, complain that the steps being taken by banks will not lead to better security and are motivated, instead, by a fear that the data will allow the financial upstarts to offer better deals on loans and checking accounts. Max Whittaker - New York Times Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase say they are seeking new rules in response to a lack of standards for how technology companies handle personal data. William Harris, founder of Personal Capital, a San Francisco-based start-up, said the problems with getting access to data from banks had grown worse over the past year. To him, it was a sign that the banks viewed open access to data as a threat to their business, given that it would allow customers to see how much they pay for financial products. "It's pretty clear the real intent of the banks is to limit this data because it puts their business model at risk," he said. The clash over personal financial data points to a broader recognition that personal digital records are among the most valuable currencies in the increasingly digital economy. Corporations are eager to gain access to the digital trails that people leave behind to determine which products are marketed to what consumers and at what prices. The data — and who can have access to it — ultimately affects how much people pay for everything from a home loan to car insurance. But the law has been slow to keep up with the quickly evolving ways that companies seek to hold onto customer data or share it with other companies. One of the primary companies that help move data between the banks and the start-ups is Envestnet Yodlee. The company said that in the past two months, several large banks had told it that it would lose access to at least some data in the near future if it did not agree to new restrictions on the data it is pulling. Some of the banks have said they do not want to share the interest rates and fees that they charge customers, even when customers ask for that information to be passed along, said Steve Boms, vice president for government affairs at Yodlee. Boms said that his company was pushing back against the requests because "with data limitations you are hindering the ability of millions of consumers to save more and optimize their finances." JPMorgan and Wells Fargo, which have been among the most aggressive in seeking new agreements, said they would pass along any information that customers wanted, as long as the customers themselves requested it. JPMorgan is hoping to create a dashboard on its website where customers can choose to turn on or off the data flowing from the bank to any outside provider. The banks said they are pushing for new data agreements in an effort to stop technology companies from getting access to customer data in ways that the customers might not understand, or that could create security risks. Right now, few rules or standards exist for how technology companies can use the data they collect from customers. It is also not entirely clear who would be held liable if a data breach at a service like Venmo or Mint led to financial losses for a customer. "It is in everybody's best interest to come to more robust arrangements, from a security perspective," said Brett Pitts, head of digital for Wells Fargo Virtual Channels. In January, both JPMorgan and Wells Fargo signed agreements with Intuit — the owner of Mint, TurboTax and QuickBooks — that will give Intuit more streamlined access to data from the banks, in exchange for new rules about how Intuit uses the data. The banks have said they want the agreement with Intuit to be a model for similar agreements with other technology companies. In recent negotiations, including those with Intuit, Wells Fargo has asked to be paid by technology companies that want better access to its data, a sticking point for technology companies that believe data should flow freely. Pitts said the payments were intended to help the bank cover the additional infrastructure costs involved in providing real-time access to data. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Feds join second whistleblower case against UnitedHealth Bridgewater update: Vikings staff encouraged by look at QB's rehab Amber Alert canceled: Abducted child found after woman stabbed Charges say Fridley mother of 8 rang up $118K in welfare fraud More than 30 percent of Minnesota farmers lost money in 2016 Coming soon, paying your tab without giving your credit card Twins trumped: Winklevoss's lose bid for bitcoin trade fund Minneapolis-based ID Insight helps financial institutions pinpoint account theft The high cost of not having a bank Carmakers to tech partners: Keep your hands off our data More From Business Business 50 minutes ago Environmental groups vowing to fight Trump climate actions Environmental groups that have hired scores of new lawyers in recent months are prepared to go to court to fight a sweeping executive order from President Donald Trump that eliminates many restrictions on fossil fuel production and would roll back his predecessor's plans to curb global warming. But they said they'll take their first battle to the court of public opinion. Business March 28 Minnesota shouldn't see much change as Trump boosts coal State law and industry forces have already set course toward renewable energy. National March 28 House votes to block Obama-era online privacy rule The House voted Tuesday to block online privacy regulations issued during the final months of the Obama administration, a first step toward allowing internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon to sell the browsing habits of their customers. Business March 28 Insurers deny claims based on questionable cell tower data It took Jaclyn Bentley nearly three years to prove she didn't burn her house down for the insurance money, allegations she and her lawyer say were born of the junk practice of analyzing cellphone tower data. National March 28 Iranians, engines of US university research, wait in limbo Hundreds of Iranian students already accepted into U.S. graduate programs may not be able to come next fall because of the uncertainty surrounding President Donald Trump's proposed travel ban, potentially derailing research projects and leaving some science programs scrambling to find new students. Top Stories St. Anthony doesn't want to pay for Falcon Heights police events Mar. 28 White House sought to block Yates' testimony on Russia Mar. 28 Finalist with undisclosed bankruptcy protection drops out of St. Paul schools' chief search Mar. 28 Most Read Feds join second whistleblower case against UnitedHealth • Business More than 30 percent of Minnesota farmers lost money in 2016 • Business Minnesota shouldn't see much change as Trump boosts coal • Business Amazon struggles selling groceries online; might open brick-and-mortar stores • Business Edina mansion that belonged to Kirby Puckett has been sold for $1.57M • Business World Britain's Daily Mail compares U.K. leaders' legs, not ideas Samsung may bring back fire-plagued Galaxy Note 7 Nation 3 storm chasers killed in crash during West Texas storms What completed Dakota Access pipeline means for key players Politics Trump to argue he is immune from lawsuits until he leaves office Dayton, Republicans clash over prekindergarten programs markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Alex Ovechkin's hat trick, T.J. Oshie's OT winnner send Capitals over Wild Souhan: Terminology can't mask the Wild's fall from grace Wolves Ricky Rubio's three late free throws lift Wolves over Indiana 115-114 Wolves' Tom Thibodeau nearing time to don draft-analysis hat Twins One year later, ByungHo Park settles in as DH for Twins What to pay, wear, wager (and more) for Twins' Opening Day Celebrities Abby Lee Miller quits 'Dance Moms' before fraud sentencing George Lucas gives another $10M to USC for student diversity Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minnesotans get applications in fast to volunteer for 2018 Super Bowl poll Poll: What would be best way to honor 1996-97 Gophers' Final Four te... 10,000 Takes My job imploded when I tried to juggle motherhood and a conference call Born-and-raised Irishman learns to love St. Patrick's Day in St. Paul Featured Gallery The last day at Macy's in downtown Minneapolis 15 photos The Macy's store in downtown Minneapolis was open one last day on Sunday March ... Featured Video Dying father battles ALS to see son's graduation 03:40 Ken Brown was diagnosed with ALS in Feb. 2014. His son Collin will graduate ... Taste In 'King Solomon's Table,' Joan Nathan traces the global origins of Jewish cuisine We're all ears for British arlettes, a treat we know as elephant ears StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Indigo's Frontier Airlines Said to Aim for Second-Quarter IPO by Alex Barinka @alexbarinka More stories by Alex Barinka and Mary Schlangenstein @Schlangenstein More stories by Mary Schlangenstein March 28, 2017, 4:06 PM EDT JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, Citi, Evercore said tapped for deal Denver-based no-frills carrier started exploring IPO in 2015 A crewmember de-ices a Frontier Airlines plane at LaGuardia Airport in New York. Photographer: Seth Wenig/AP Frontier Airlines Inc., the no-frills U.S. carrier whose aircraft feature animals on the tails, is aiming to go public as soon as the second quarter, people with knowledge of the matter said. JPMorgan Chase & Co., Deutsche Bank AG, Citigroup Inc. and Evercore Partners Inc. are the leading underwriters on the deal, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. Barclays Plc, once poised to lead the IPO, will now have a more passive role after the departure of its airline analyst, the people said. Frontier, owned by private equity firm Indigo Partners, first began talks with banks about going public in December 2015. Spokesmen for Frontier, Indigo Partners and Evercore didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Representatives of JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, Citi and Barclays declined to comment. Indigo is led by veteran airline executive William Franke, who has extensive experience overseeing discount carriers. The firm once controlled Spirit Airlines Inc., which went public in 2011, and is the largest shareholder in Wizz Air Holdings Plc, a low-fare operator in Eastern Europe. Rare Birds Airline IPOs in the U.S. are rare. Virgin America Inc. was the last to go public, raising $353 million in November 2014, including an overallotment. The carrier has since agreed to be acquired by Alaska Air Group Inc. for $2.6 billion, continuing a flurry of consolidation within the industry over the past decade. Last month, Azul SA, the Brazilian airline led by JetBlue Airways Corp. founder David Neeleman, filed for a U.S. IPO, following at least two previous delays because of slumping Brazilian stocks. The deal is scheduled to price April 6, according to a person familiar with the matter. Frontier, whose planes sport images of animals such as bears and foxes, operates a fleet of Airbus Group SE jets on more than 275 daily flights within the U.S. and to Mexico and Jamaica. Indigo acquired the Denver-based airline from Republic Airways Holdings Inc. for $36 million in cash. The total transaction value was $145 million including debt. Frontier has changed hands twice since filing for bankruptcy protection in April 2008. Republic bought the carrier in October 2009 for $108.8 million, agreeing not to pursue a $150 million unsecured bankruptcy claim. After the Indigo buyout, Frontier’s new owner transformed it into what’s known as an ultra-low-cost carrier -- an airline that offers inexpensive base fares and adds fees for everything else. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade The Biggest Risk From the Dollar's Drop May Not Be What You Would Guess Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Adverum Biotechnologies Inc (ADVM) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Belden Inc. (BDC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Intel Co. (INTC) Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) PLC (MAB1) Raises Dividend to GBX 10.50 Per Share Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Belden Inc. (BDC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Belden Inc is engaged in the design, manufacture and retail of cable, connectivity, and networking products in markets including industrial automation, enterprise, transportation, infrastructure, and consumer electronics. The Company’s products find its application in the industrial automation, enterprise, education, healthcare, entertainment and broadcast, sound and security, transportation, infrastructure, consumer electronics and other industries. Belden has manufacturing capabilities in North America, Europe, and Asia, and a market presence in nearly every region of the world. Belden Inc is based in St. Louis, Missouri. “ A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Belden in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price objective for the company. Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on Belden in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and set a $83.00 price objective on shares of Belden in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Belden in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $85.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price objective on Belden from $86.00 to $80.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.71. Shares of Belden (NYSE:BDC) traded up 0.13% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $67.46. 475,485 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $71.71 and a 200 day moving average of $71.69. Belden has a one year low of $54.97 and a one year high of $81.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.46 and a beta of 2.24. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.42 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.40 by $0.02. The firm earned $612.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $616.10 million. Belden had a return on equity of 20.29% and a net margin of 5.43%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.63 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Belden will post $5.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.30%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 14th. Belden’s payout ratio is 7.58%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/belden-inc-bdc-upgraded-to-hold-by-zacks-investment-research-2.html. In related news, Director Judy L. Brown sold 9,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.50, for a total value of $688,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 13,268 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,015,002. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total value of $459,455.16. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,343 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,336,470.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Argentus Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Belden during the third quarter worth approximately $727,000. Suffolk Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Belden during the third quarter worth approximately $1,694,000. Advisors Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Belden by 7.1% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 165 shares during the last quarter. Channing Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Belden by 8.2% in the third quarter. Channing Capital Management LLC now owns 930,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $64,218,000 after buying an additional 70,195 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL raised its stake in shares of Belden by 1.3% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 22,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,559,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Belden (BDC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A few clouds. Tonight A few passing clouds. Low 37F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP US stock indexes close higher as consumer confidence gains By ALEX VEIGA AP Business Writer Mar 28, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago 1 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from new data showing that consumer confidence in the U.S. hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are pivoting to tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. "The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform," Kinahan said. "That's all the market is really hanging its hat on." The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average's decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 percent from 2.38 percent. Since Donald Trump's presidential election win last November, investors have been optimistic that the administration would deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans' failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back on tax cuts, among other issues. "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers' assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor's CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. That's a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 percent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 percent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. In Europe, Germany's DAX gained 1.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 rose 0.6 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares added 0.7 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul's Kospi rose 0.3 percent. The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.09 yen from 110.57 yen. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 58 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $51.33 a barrel in London. Natural gas added 4 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.64 per gallon and heating oil gained a penny to $1.52 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Currency Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Japanese Yen Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (1) comment (1) comment Asiseeit Mar 28, 2017 11:22am only one way to go, it will hit hard and fast Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION California slaying victims are mom, 2 kids and another woman Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama climate change rules House Republicans, short of votes, abruptly pull health care bill Trump's border wall with Mexico faces all kinds of obstacles Abby Lee Miller quits 'Dance Moms' before fraud sentencing Business Directory Latest Local Offers Dahl Automotive - La Crosse Come Visit Dahl's Auto Museum! Mar 20, 2017 Ultimate Insulation, LLC Improve your home's comfort, reduce air leaks and increase the long-term value of your home. Visit Ultimate Insulation, LLC online at http://www.ultimateinsulationllc.net/ to find out more! Updated Mar 22, 2017 ≫ today's question Do you think city residents should be allowed to keep bees? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30537406.pdf 30536354.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Mar 28 "Putting Out the Flames of Hate" community solidarity rally Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Chair Yoga Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Mar 28 Duplicate bridge Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Mar 28 Dave Armstrong and Andy Mueller Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 10:00 pm Mar 28 Open Jam: The Organic Music Cooperative Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Coulee Region Professional Women Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 5:30 pm Mar 28 Story time, for ages 3 to 6 Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Upper Northside Logan Neighborhood Association Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Mar 28 Saving Abel and Tantric with Year of the Locust Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Jazz night Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses La Crosse Archery 1231 Oak Forest Dr., Onalaska, WI 54650 Winona Listings.com 276 E 3rd St, Winona, MN 55987 La Crescent Insurance 205 N Chestnut St Ste 101, La Crescent, MN 55947 Edina Main Office Edina Main Office, Eau Claire, WI 54701 Currents Basketball March Madness 2017: Predicting the Sweet 16 National Now what? The next steps for health care legislation Home and Garden Top 10 repairs sellers should make before listing a house for sale Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court NFL owners revamp video replay for officiating Hub Arkush: Chicago Bears GM Ryan Pace discusses Mark Sanchez, draft strategy and more from NFL meetings Transgender child's mom: love your kids, period Judge signs deal to demolish Silverdome, former Lions home TODAY'S TOP VIDEO HIllary Clinton's speech to business conference Trump voters to president: Stop twitter rants President Trump gurantees health care deal Spicer to reporter: 'Stop shaking your head' News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Staff Info Contacts Post an Obituary Post a Classified ad Newswire News Atlanticville Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Cranbury Press The Hub The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Sports Atlanticville Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Cranbury Press The Hub The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Opinions Atlanticville Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/EB Suburban The Cranbury Press The Hub The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Obituaries Business TimeOFF Dining Reviews Theater Reviews Calendar Lifestyle Health Socials Blogs Photos Videos Special Sections Local Shops Classifieds Post a Classified Ad Post Obituaties Jobs Real Estate Items For Sale At Your Service Contacts Submit News e-Newsletter Advertise Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search CARS HOMES JOBS ADVERTISE Toggle navigation About Us Staff Info Contacts Post an Obituary Post a Classified ad Newswire News Atlanticville Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Cranbury Press The Hub The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Sports Atlanticville Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Cranbury Press The Hub The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Opinions Atlanticville Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/EB Suburban The Cranbury Press The Hub The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Obituaries Business TimeOFF Dining Reviews Theater Reviews Calendar Lifestyle Health Socials Blogs Photos Videos Special Sections Local Shops Classifieds Post a Classified Ad Post Obituaties Jobs Real Estate Items For Sale At Your Service Beautify Your Home FREE Event: March 26, Marketfair Mall, PRINCETON Close maxsattana Money growing in soil with house Chase Bank to replace abandoned Pizza Hut in Sayreville Jacqueline Durett Mar 28, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 maxsattana Money growing in soil with house By JACQUELINE DURETT Correspondent SAYREVILLE — Former Pizza Huts tend to still look like Pizza Huts even after they have been converted to other businesses. However, the J.P. Morgan Chase bank that will be occupying the space where the closed Pizza Hut now sits at North Ernston and Washington roads in Sayreville will not have that problem. The building there now, which closed in late 2015, will be torn down to make way for a Chase bank, according to the application for the new building that went before the Sayreville Planning Board on March 15. The bank is a permitted use for the site, but Chase needed a handful of variances, most of which were related to the irregular, triangular shape of the property, which also has a stream running behind it. The proposed Chase, at 3,506 square feet, would be slightly smaller than the Pizza Hut. There would also be a 24-hour ATM and 26 parking spaces. The board members had few questions for Chase representatives, but did question the lack of a drive-up teller. Engineer Matthew DeWitt said banks, including Chase, were getting away from installing drive-up teller rows. Board Member Michael Macagnone also wanted to talk about the tree removal and replacement plan. Nineteen trees will be removed from the site, with 11 replacing them. Macagnone wanted to know why more replacement is not possible. “I’m a tree guy,” he said. DeWitt said the decision was in large part because of the already limited visibility of the bank from Washington Road. Board Chairman Thomas Tighe, however, added that there are overgrown trees adjacent to the existing building. “It’s kind of hard to knock down a building and leave the trees,” he said. Macagnone, however, said the issue was not a dealbreaker for him. “If it’s a new Chase bank versus a closed Pizza Hut, I’ll go with the bank,” he said. Tighe also took issue with Chase’s plans to put a camera inside the ATM, but not outside it. “You think that’s a prudent move?” he asked. “I’m just asking, it’s your business.” Tighe added that other banks in the borough have outside cameras and have been helpful with law enforcement efforts. Steve McGrane, project architect, said there may end up being a camera on the ATM canopy, but that decision was at the discretion of Chase security. Chase will also need a riparian disturbance permit from the Department of Environmental Protection because of the stream in the back of the site. There were no public comments on the application. During the vote, Board Member Ken Kelly also recommended Chase look into additional security measures for the building. The board unanimously approved the application. Tags Suburban News Chase Bank Department Of Environmental Protection J.p. Morgan Chase Pizza Hut Sayreville Sayreville Planning Board × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Photos +9 Home Show – March 26, 2017 +9 Videos Princeton House Behavioral Health Latest News PRINCETON: Rider attempts to sever ties with Westminster Choir College (Updated) News Transcript Datebook, March 29 Examiner Datebook, March 30 Medieval, ancient gardens to come to life at library Registration open for JFS computer classes Panel will offer free seedlings to residents Fleetwood Mac tribute band to perform in Monroe Prom dress ‘shopping parties’ will provide dresses for students Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit Most Popular Articles Images Commented Articles PRINCETON: Protests planned on decision day for Westminster Choir College Physics course controversy hits Montgomery school board The Man Beyond the Music: Rocker John Oates tells his story in a new memoir HILLSBOROUGH: Officials outline 2017 Sourland Music Festival In first court appearance, boy describes sex encounter with town's suspended animal control officer HOPEWELL VALLEY: School tax set to rise by more than 3 percent Car chase ends in front of West Windsor Police headquarters PRINCETON: Library closes the book on second-floor renovation project with big reveal Princeton Theological Seminary withdraws award from conservative minister HILLSBOROUGH: School board introduces $128.3 million budget for 2017-18 Images Commented HILLSBOROUGH: School board introduces $128.3 million budget for 2017-18 (3) PRINCETON: Town mulls laying off police dispatchers to save money (3) Amy Grossman, 36 (2) Get to know Monroe physiatrist Dr. Perry Herman (2) When the Route 518 bridge will reopen is anybody's guess (2) PRINCETON: Charter School expansion approved (1) HILLSBOROUGH: GOP healthcare plan could do more harm than good (1) PRINCETON: Ex-hospital employee pleads guilty to sexually assaulting female patients (1) HILLSBOROUGH: Charter school issue lands on school board's radar (1) PRINCETON: School board adopts tentative budget with 4.7 percent tax hike (1) POST FEATURED EVENT $10 Featured Events Talk: Blood, Treasure & Tears: The Costs of the War on Terror Dr. Neta C. Clark, Professor of Political Science and African Studies at Brown University an… Read more 350 for 50 Children's Writing Contest Pens ready? The Cotsen Children’s Library challenges you to write a short, 350-word story th… Read more Alpaca Spring Open Farm Alpaca Spring Open Farm; Read more Ss. Peter and Paul Orthodox Church Easter Bazaar and Tricky Tray Ss. Peter and Paul Orthodox Church in South River, NJ proudly invites you to their annual Ea… Read more PBSN Dance Party and Lounge Social, PJ Cavanaugh’s, inside Holiday Inn Somerset Saturday, April 8 Read more Upcoming Events Mar 29 Mountain Lakes: A Lens on the Seasons Wed, Mar 29, 2017 — all day Mar 29 Nature Summer Camp at Plainsboro Preserve Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 9:00 am Mar 29 Member Show- The Natural Muse Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 10:00 am Mar 29 Brown Bag Ballet Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 11:30 am Mar 29 Talk: Blood, Treasure & Tears: The Costs of the War on Terror Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 4:30 pm Mar 29 Microsoft Excel Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Mar 29 Spanish Beginner Conversation Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Mar 29 Painting: Pastels, Oils and Acrylics Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Mar 29 Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest at Walnut Street Theatre Wed, Mar 29, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Mar 30 Mountain Lakes: A Lens on the Seasons Thu, Mar 30, 2017 — all day Featured events are $10! Submit An Event If you have an event you'd like to list here, submit it now! Submit Thanks for signing up! Newsletter Sign Up! Sign up to get interesting news, events and updates delivered to your inbox. Email Address First Name Last Name Sign Up By submitting this form, you are granting: CentralJersey.com, 300 Witherspoon St, Princeton, New Jersey, 08540, United States, http://www.centraljersey.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Featured Businesses A-1 Limousine Service Inc 2 Emmons Dr, Princeton, NJ 08540 609-951-0070 More Info Redding's Plumbing Heating & Air Conditioning 234 Nassau St, Princeton, NJ 08542 609-924-0166 More Info Princeton Village Psychic 26 1/2 Witherspoon St, Princeton, NJ 08542 609-924-0992 More Info Princeton Air Conditioning, Inc. 39 Everett Drive, Princeton Junction, NJ 08550 609-454-6325 More Info Peridot Art Studio 1149 Route 601, Skillman, NJ 08558 908-285-5331 Events More Info Stony Brook Millstone Watershed 31 Titus Mill Rd, Pennington, NJ 08534 609-737-3735 Events More Info The Community Christian Choir 4091 S BROAD STREET, TRENTON, NJ 08650 609-587-7076 More Info Terhune Orchards 330 Cold Soil Rd, Princeton, NJ 08540 609-924-2310 More Info Kelsey Theater 1200 Old Trenton Rd, Princeton Junction, NJ 08550 609-584-9444 Events More Info Princeton Recreation Department 380 Witherspoon Street, Princeton, NJ 08540 609-921-9480 More Info MUSIC & MOVEMENT Weitz Music Studio 4091 S BROAD STREET, TRENTON, NJ 08650 609-587-7076 More Info Careers in Print AdMarket Sections News Sports Lifestyle Opinion TimeOFF Packet Magazine Blogs Business Calendar Classifieds Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Post an Obituary Post a Classified ad Place an announcement Print Editions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submit News RSS Contact Information centraljersey.com 198 Route 9 N, Suite 100 Manalapan, NJ 07726 Phone: 609-924-3244 or 732-358-5200 Email: feedback@centraljersey.com Follow Us We have grown! centraljersey.com is now home to:   © Copyright 2017 Packet Media LLC, 198 Route 9 N, Suite 100 Manalapan, NJ | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 29th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes move higher as consumer confidence gains Poll Did you ever participate in the Kiwanis Music and Speech Arts Festival? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on March 28, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Financials companies led U.S. stock indexes broadly higher in afternoon trading Tuesday as investors drew encouragement from new data showing strong gains in consumer confidence and U.S. home prices. Energy stocks also rose as crude oil prices headed higher. Utilities were the only laggard. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 168 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 20,718 as of 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 20 points, or 0.9 per cent, to 2,361. The Nasdaq composite index gained 44 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 5,885. The rally put the market on course to snap an eight-day losing streak by the Dow, its longest slide in more than five years. THE QUOTE: “The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive.” NOT SPLITTING: General Motors gained 3 per cent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker’s stock into two classes. GM shares rose $1.04 to $35.75. TASTY RESULTS: Darden Restaurants jumped 8.5 per cent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden rose $6.42 to $82. STRONG QUARTER: Red Hat climbed 5.5 per cent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.55 to $86.75. SMOOTH SAILING: Carnival rose 1.3 per cent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained 79 cents to $59.66. ECONOMIC INDICATORS: The Conference Board said that its consumer confidence index rose this month to 125.6, its highest level in more than 16 years. Separately, the latest Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index showed that home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising but that’s not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren’t a lot of homes on the market. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany’s DAX was up 1.3 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was 0.6 per cent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.7 per cent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.5 per cent. Seoul’s Kospi rose 0.3 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 81 cents, or 1.7 per cent, at $48.54 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 61 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $51.51 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.07 yen from 110.57 yen. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.41 per cent from 2.38 per cent. METALS: The price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 43 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 29, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 29, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 43 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Consumer confidence lifts U.S. indexes up By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Mar 28 2017 08:39AM    •    Last Updated Mar 28 2017 12:38 pm FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Financials companies led U.S. stock indexes broadly higher in afternoon trading Tuesday as investors drew encouragement from new data showing strong gains in consumer confidence and U.S. home prices. Energy stocks also rose as crude oil prices headed higher. Utilities were the only laggard. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 168 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,718 as of 12:30 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 20 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,361. The Nasdaq composite index gained 44 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,885. The rally put the market on course to snap an eight-day losing streak by the Dow, its longest slide in more than five years. VIDEOS TOP JOBS THE QUOTE: "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." NOT SPLITTING: General Motors gained 3 percent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares rose $1.04 to $35.75. TASTY RESULTS: Darden Restaurants jumped 8.5 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden rose $6.42 to $82. STRONG QUARTER: Red Hat climbed 5.5 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.55 to $86.75. SMOOTH SAILING: Carnival rose 1.3 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained 79 cents to $59.66. ECONOMIC INDICATORS: The Conference Board said that its consumer confidence index rose this month to 125.6, its highest level in more than 16 years. Separately, the latest Standard & Poor's CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index showed that home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was up 1.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 was 0.6 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.7 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul's Kospi rose 0.3 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 81 cents, or 1.7 percent, at $48.54 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 61 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $51.51 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.07 yen from 110.57 yen. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.41 percent from 2.38 percent. METALS: The price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES 'No one is really saying he's guilty,' says victim after ex-Mormon bishop allowed to go free followi Will the Word of Wisdom ever change? Sen. Orrin Hatch would consider stepping aside for Mitt Romney Kirby: All in favor of voting yes on every Mormon sustaining? Not me. Real Salt Lake to name Mike Petke new head coach on Wednesday, sources say ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Materion Corp (MTRN) Insider Sells $97,110.00 in Stock Valeritas Inc (VLRX) CFO Erick Lucera Acquires 3,000 Shares of Stock Amaya Inc (AYA) Director Sells C$2,507,050.00 in Stock Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Sets New 12-Month High Following Insider Buying Activity Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Hits New 12-Month High on Analyst Upgrade Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts DineEquity Inc (DIN) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Leoni AG (LNNNF) Downgraded to Hold at HSBC Holdings plc Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director James C. Pappas Buys 36,585 Shares Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) Director Paul Damp Acquires 15,000 Shares of Stock HNI Corp (HNI) Chairman Stanley A. Askren Sells 3,100 Shares Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Insider John Andrew Cormier Sells 10,000 Shares FY2018 EPS Estimates for Alkermes Plc Cut by Analyst (ALKS) Five Below Inc to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.58 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (FIVE) Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Major Shareholder Deer Park Road Management Comp Purchases 43,404 Shares of Stock Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) Director William E. Ferry Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Aflac’s top line remains exposed to a challenging operating environment, primarily in Japan. Moreover, low interest rates in Japan have led the company to change its business mix by deemphasizing the sales of first-sector products that carry higher premiums and are likely to stifle cash flows from the country. On the back of all these tailwinds, the shares of the company gained 14% in the last one year compared with 21% increase for the Zacks categorized Accident and Health Insurance industry. However, the company’s efforts to increase agent productivity are likely to drive long-term growth. Its strong capital position enables it to buy back shares and increase dividend payouts at regular intervals. The company has been witnessing consistent growth in revenues on the back of solid third sector sales.” A number of other research firms have also weighed in on AFL. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Citigroup Inc began coverage on AFLAC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price objective on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada lowered AFLAC from a “sector perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $74.00 to $65.00 in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. AFLAC has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $71.88. Shares of AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) traded up 1.00% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $72.56. The company had a trading volume of 861,969 shares. AFLAC has a 1-year low of $62.59 and a 1-year high of $74.50. The firm has a market capitalization of $29.13 billion, a PE ratio of 11.30 and a beta of 1.01. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $71.52 and a 200 day moving average of $70.81. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.63 by $0.17. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The company had revenue of $6 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.65 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.56 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that AFLAC will post $6.39 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th were paid a $0.43 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.39%. AFLAC’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.75%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/aflac-incorporated-afl-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other AFLAC news, insider Charles D. Lake II sold 8,693 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.85, for a total value of $615,899.05. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 28,756 shares in the company, valued at $2,037,362.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Karole Lloyd acquired 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was bought at an average price of $68.42 per share, with a total value of $136,840.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 4,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $303,853.22. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders sold 44,818 shares of company stock valued at $3,194,723 in the last 90 days. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new position in AFLAC during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,454,272,000. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its position in AFLAC by 75.7% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 4,217,298 shares of the company’s stock valued at $293,524,000 after buying an additional 1,817,630 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in AFLAC by 50.2% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,233,685 shares of the company’s stock valued at $160,535,000 after buying an additional 746,420 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in AFLAC by 72.8% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 1,631,945 shares of the company’s stock valued at $113,583,000 after buying an additional 687,484 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 62.45% of the company’s stock. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on AFLAC (AFL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Materion Corp (MTRN) Insider Sells $97,110.00 in Stock Valeritas Inc (VLRX) CFO Erick Lucera Acquires 3,000 Shares of Stock Amaya Inc (AYA) Director Sells C$2,507,050.00 in Stock Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Sets New 12-Month High Following Insider Buying Activity Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Hits New 12-Month High on Analyst Upgrade Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts DineEquity Inc (DIN) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Leoni AG (LNNNF) Downgraded to Hold at HSBC Holdings plc Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director James C. Pappas Buys 36,585 Shares Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) Director Paul Damp Acquires 15,000 Shares of Stock HNI Corp (HNI) Chairman Stanley A. Askren Sells 3,100 Shares Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Insider John Andrew Cormier Sells 10,000 Shares FY2018 EPS Estimates for Alkermes Plc Cut by Analyst (ALKS) Five Below Inc to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.58 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (FIVE) Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Major Shareholder Deer Park Road Management Comp Purchases 43,404 Shares of Stock Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) has received a consensus rating of “Buy” from the six analysts that are currently covering the firm. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, one has assigned a hold recommendation, three have issued a buy recommendation and one has assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $31.38. Several research firms have commented on EDIT. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 price target on shares of Editas Medicine and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research report on Sunday, February 19th. Vetr raised shares of Editas Medicine from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $27.14 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Chardan Capital began coverage on shares of Editas Medicine in a research report on Monday. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Editas Medicine from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Shares of Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) traded up 1.69% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $21.04. 1,625,451 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s market capitalization is $754.07 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $22.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.43. Editas Medicine has a 52 week low of $12.43 and a 52 week high of $43.50. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, March 3rd. The company reported ($1.10) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.62) by $0.48. Editas Medicine had a negative net margin of 1,184.46% and a negative return on equity of 59.22%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($4.05) EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Editas Medicine will post ($2.85) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/editas-medicine-inc-edit-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. In related news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 6,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.58, for a total value of $123,480.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 123,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,547,557.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total transaction of $288,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $288,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 25,000 shares of company stock valued at $495,490. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Editas Medicine by 2.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 105,167 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,708,000 after buying an additional 2,476 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth $1,479,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth $284,000. A.R.T. Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth $417,000. Finally, Clough Capital Partners L P bought a new stake in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth $818,000. 60.89% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Editas Medicine Editas Medicine, Inc, formerly Gengine, Inc, is a genome editing company. The Company is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/CRISPR associated protein 9 (Cas9) technology. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Dow on track to snap 8-day losing streak as banks gain The S&P 500 financial sector jumped 1.16 per cent, led by Bank of America. Gains in Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan boosted the Dow.PHOTO: BLOOMBERG PublishedMar 29, 2017, 1:41 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48qz Copy (REUTERS) - US stocks rose on Tuesday (March 28), with the Dow Jones Industrial Average on track to snap an eight-day losing streak as financial stocks jumped on the back of strong consumer data. US consumers' confidence in the economy rose in March to its highest level since December 2000, a survey by the Conference Board showed on Tuesday, led by optimism for finding work and a brighter assessment of business conditions. The S&P 500 financial sector jumped 1.16 per cent, led by Bank of America. Gains in Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan boosted the Dow. "This market is driven by two things - the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you've gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong." The CBOE Volatility index eased, a day after hitting its highest level since November. Gold lost some shine as a safe-haven, while the dollar edged up. At 12:25 p.m. ET (1625 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 92.38 points, or 0.45 per cent, at 20,643.36, the S&P 500 was up 11.69 points, or 0.50 per cent, at 2,353.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 18.99 points, or 0.33 per cent, at 5,859.37. Tuesday's gains come after a week of declines on the Dow as investors fretted over President Donald Trump's ability to push his agenda after the healthcare bill failed to get enough support, leading to its withdrawal in Congress on Friday. However, investors appeared to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. The White House late on Monday said it would take a lead role in crafting the tax reform legislature and set an August target date for the bill. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher with financials, energy and materials gaining more than 1 percent. Three sectors were flat. Apple's 1.3 per cent gain made it the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, shortly after hitting an all-time high of $142.87. General Motors rose 3.2 per cent to $35.85 after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.8 per cent to $277.82 after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 per cent passive stake in the company for $1.78 billion (S$247 billion). Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen did not comment on the central bank's monetary policy, while speaking at a conference in Washington. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,972 to 847. On the Nasdaq, 1,525 issues rose and 1,178 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 15 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 66 new highs and 27 new lows. Topics:  STOCKS AND SHARES US ECONOMY More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48qz Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content ibe_a125682_2017mar20_300x200.jpg 5 tips for better eye health sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Lenovo Ideapad Now On Sale Check Out Fashion Runway @ Qsquare Market Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 29 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's ZonesCorp to invest $440mln by end of 2017 Qatar ministry signs four MoUs to develop transport sector VAT could hurt cash-flows of some UAE construction firms: tax expert Medical city to be built in Riyadh Dubai Property launches new apartment project in Dubailand Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm Qatar's Ezdan sets initial price guidance for five-year dollar sukuk Abu Dhabi Ports announces expansion of free trade zone VAT could hurt cash-flows of some UAE construction firms: tax expert Germany's SMS signs deal to boost Iran steel firm output UK's Petrofac wins $1.3bln oil & gas contract in Kuwait UAE's ADNOC seeks gasoline in second tender after Jan fire Saudi Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1trln, analyst estimates Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm UK's Petrofac wins $1.3bln oil & gas contract in Kuwait Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup Saudi bank lending growth slows to a crawl in February Saudi Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1trln, analyst estimates Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Qatar's Ezdan sets initial price guidance for five-year dollar sukuk Pakistan updates guidance for Islamic banks' external audits Dubai Islamic Bank launches Panin Dubai Syariah Bank in Indonesia Facebook adds camera features Twitter to let advertisers buy video ads on Periscope Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat UAE's first 3D-printed aircraft interior part Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi oil tax reduction positive step to increase diversification Qatar budget deficit 'may fall to 5% of country's GDP' Arab summit addresses conflicts and 'terror' Trade ties with Jordan exemplary, says Saudi minister Saudi oil tax reduction positive step to increase diversification Qatar budget deficit 'may fall to 5% of country's GDP' Arab summit addresses conflicts and 'terror' UK and Qatar set up joint committee to pave way for post-Brexit trade dea Trade ties with Jordan exemplary, says Saudi minister Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm Syria gets 50,000 tonnes of Russian wheat in aid Iran says Russia can use military bases 'on case by case basis' Telecom Egypt appoints new CEO Thomas Cook says tourists returning to Egypt and Turkey Pakistan-Egypt trade exchange hit $182mln in 10 months Food security aim of Morocco's investments in agriculture U.S. charges Turkish banker in Iran sanctions probe Germany's SMS signs deal to boost Iran steel firm output Fidelity's real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital Some Amazon deal proceeds will be reinvested in Souq.com, says CEO Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may trade sideways, Aldar goes ex-dividend in Abu Dhabi Oil rises on Libyan supply disruptions UAE plans more production cuts in line with Opec deal Most Gulf markets edge up, Emaar Malls jumps as Amazon seals Souq.com deal Gulf may trade sideways, Aldar goes ex-dividend in Abu Dhabi Mideast stocks factors to watch on Mar 29 Most Gulf markets edge up, Emaar Malls jumps as Amazon seals Souq.com deal Saudi Aramco tax cut lifts company's value by $1trln, analyst estimates Dollar retreat buoys emerging currencies to multi-month highs Deutsche Bank reduces cheque clearing in euros in Middle East Dollar, stocks inch up as U.S. healthcare vote back on Dollar edges up from 4-mth low vs yen Oil rises on Libyan supply disruptions UAE plans more production cuts in line with Opec deal UAE's ADNOC seeks gasoline in second tender after Jan fire Syria gets 50,000 tonnes of Russian wheat in aid Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi amnesty covers illegal Hajis, runaway workers Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup Workers must get Friday off Kingdom cuts taxes on oil companies Saudi amnesty covers illegal Hajis, runaway workers Saudi oil tax reduction positive step to increase diversification Kingdom cuts taxes on oil companies Saudi amnesty campaign exempts violators from deportee database U.S. charges Turkish banker in Iran sanctions probe Islamic State beheads two for 'sorcery' in Egypt's Sinai 'Trump looking dangerously incompetant' Child marriage soars in Yemen as famine looms Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup Pakistan updates guidance for Islamic banks' external audits Workers must get Friday off Saudi health insurance providers lose money on fraudulant claims Saudi amnesty covers illegal Hajis, runaway workers Discount for policyholders with clean traffic records in Saudi Expat workers branded as 'absconders' by rogue firms in Oman Hope for 10 Indians on death row in Al Ain Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Dinosaur footprint found in Australia may be world's largest Facebook adds camera features Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Petrol, diesel to be cheaper next month in UAE Medical city to be built in Riyadh Saudi health insurance providers lose money on fraudulant claims Get your medical insurance in four days or face fines 5 most common yet ignored men's health conditions Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans German Siemens $109mln in software licenses to UAE universities Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Saudi Arabia ranks 3rd globally for smartphone use 'Fearless Girl' extends face-off with Wall Street's 'Charging Bull' "Visit UAE" Roadshow starts in China Thomas Cook says tourists returning to Egypt and Turkey Qatar Airways chief says laptop ban not designed to hurt Gulf carriers Ten activities not to miss at Mother of the Nation Festival Sharjah Police opens Desert Park for employees Dubai launches 'Book Corners in Coffee Shops' project How to meet Zac Efron in Dubai Soccer-Messi banned for four international matches UAE coach Ali quits after Australia defeat Ronaldo a "cry baby"? India beat Australia by eight wickets to win series Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Equities Article equities US's Citi bank applies for capital markets licence in Saudi Arabia- sources 28 March, 2017 The Citigroup sign is seen outside the Citigroup Center in New York, October 1, 2007. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Reuters/Shannon Stapleton By Reem Shamseddine, Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold KHOBAR/DUBAI, March 28 (Reuters) - Citigroup has formally applied for a licence to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a move to return to the country after an absence of nearly 13 years. The application has been made with Saudi Arabia's Capital Market Authority (CMA), whose primary role is to regulate and develop the capital market in the oil-rich kingdom, the sources said. Investment opportunities in the kingdom are opening up as the government diversifies its economy away from oil under its National Transformation Plan. The government is also preparing to list up to 5 percent of oil giant Saudi Aramco in an initial public share offering that could raise as much as $100 billion. Citi declined to comment on its Saudi plans. No one at the CMA was immediately available to comment. Advertisement Citi is "positive" that it will gain a licence this year, a third source said. If successful, Citi could also pursue with the Saudi central bank permission for a full bank branch licence, potentially joining other banks such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank . After operating in the oil-rich kingdom for five decades, Citigroup pulled out of Saudi Arabia in 2004 when it sold its 20-percent stake in Samba Financial Group , saying then it was reallocating capital to core investments. In 2015 it won permission from the Saudi Arabian regulator to invest directly in the local stock market, the first step towards returning to the country. Citi had approached bankers about potential jobs in anticipation of the bank gaining a licence and building a team in the kingdom, one of the sources said. Citi is not the only global bank looking to expand in Saudi Arabia. Credit Suisse is also seeking a banking licence, as it wants to build a fully-fledged onshore private banking business there, the bank told Reuters in an email in late February. Goldman Sachs is also exploring the possibility of gaining a licence from the CMA to conduct share sales and trading in Saudi Arabia, a source briefed on the plan said. The Wall Street bank has held preliminary talks with regulators, the source said. Bloomberg earlier reported Goldman's plans. Goldman declined to comment on that report. "Saudi Arabia has ambitious plans to establish industries and privatise companies led by the Aramco initial public offering, which attracts a lot of attention of banks," said Reinhold Leichtfuss, senior partner and managing director at The Boston Consulting Group's Middle East office. "Saudi Arabia is also the biggest market in the Gulf in terms of population and corporates so it makes sense for banks to be there." There are 13 licensed foreign bank branches in the kingdom, including Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas , JPMorgan Chase and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , according to the central bank's website. Citi chief executive Michael Corbat met with Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman earlier this month on a visit to the kingdom, in addition to Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Al Saud, a shareholder in the bank. (Reporting by Reem Shamseddine in Khobar, Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold in Dubai; Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad in Riyadh; Editing by Mark Potter) ((Saeed.Azhar@thomsonreuters.com; +65-64035664 ; Reuters Messaging: saeed.azhar.reuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: financial services saudi arabia united states gcc Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News EU's Airbus Defence and Space appoints four new executive committee members New organisation focuses on four programme lines: Military Aircraft, Space Systems, CIS, Unmanned Aerial Systems. 2 days ago New assistant marketing manager joins Millennium Airport Hotel Dubai 26 Mar 2017 US's Coca-Cola Company announces senior leadership appointments 26 Mar 2017 US's Hilton hotels appoints Chief Customer Officer 26 Mar 2017 US's Parsons engineering welcomes Navalurkar as Vice President and program director 22 Mar 2017 Emrill appoints head of business development and work winning UAE integrated facilities management firm Emrill has appointed Sally Harrison as head of business development. 22 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Americans haven't been this confident about job market since 2001 Patti Domm | @pattidomm 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters US consumer confidence hits 125.6 in March    17 Hours Ago | 03:38 Consumer attitudes about the job market improved dramatically in the first half of March, as consumer confidence jumped to a 16-year high. Consumers who saw jobs as "plentiful" rose to 31.7 percent from 26.9 percent in February, and those who said they are "hard to get" fell slightly to 19.5 percent from 19.9 percent, according to the Conference Board. But one key number economists look at is the differential between jobs being plentiful and jobs seen as hard to get. That rose to 12.2 from 7 last month, the highest since August 2001. During the financial crisis and for the years after, it was negative, only turning positive last year. JPMorgan economists tracked the number against the unemployment rate, and its improvement shows a sharp correlation to improvements in the unemployment rate. Unemployment, at 4.7 percent, is already super low. So does this mean the government's March jobs report will be a blowout number? Perhaps not. "The correlation isn't as strong for the month-over-month change in nonfarm payrolls than it is for the unemployment rate," said Ian Lyngen, head of U.S. rates strategy at BMO. He also noted that unemployment claims ticked up in the survey week for the government employment report. Jobless claims rose by 15,000 to 258,000 for the week ended March 18. The Conference Board data, however, do show a pattern of improved consumer views toward jobs, their pay and business conditions. In the March report, consumers' outlook for the labor market improved, with consumers expecting more jobs in coming months rising to 24.8 percent from 20.9 percent. Those expecting fewer jobs fell to 12.2 percent from 13.6 percent. The percentage of consumers expecting their incomes to increase improved from 19.2 percent to 21.5 percent, while those expecting a cut in pay fell to 7 percent from 8.1 percent The Consumer Confidence Index rose to 125.6 in March from 116.1 in February, reaching its highest level since December 2000. Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DineEquity Inc (DIN) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Leoni AG (LNNNF) Downgraded to Hold at HSBC Holdings plc Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director James C. Pappas Buys 36,585 Shares Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) Director Paul Damp Acquires 15,000 Shares of Stock HNI Corp (HNI) Chairman Stanley A. Askren Sells 3,100 Shares Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Insider John Andrew Cormier Sells 10,000 Shares FY2018 EPS Estimates for Alkermes Plc Cut by Analyst (ALKS) Five Below Inc to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.58 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (FIVE) Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Major Shareholder Deer Park Road Management Comp Purchases 43,404 Shares of Stock Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) Director William E. Ferry Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Lennox International Inc. (LII) EVP Daniel M. Sessa Sells 6,990 Shares BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Insider Peter Alexander Sells 22,509 Shares Compass Group plc (CPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Greene King plc (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Omeros Co. (OMER) Given a $22.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Receives Buy Rating from Guggenheim Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research StealthGas Inc. (GASS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) have been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the six analysts that are covering the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month price objective among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $21.75. Several analysts have issued reports on CLSD shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, December 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reduced their price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. In related news, insider Venture Advisors Iii Hatteras sold 25,301 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.63, for a total transaction of $218,347.63. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.53, for a total transaction of $584,177.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 230,756 shares of company stock worth $1,770,922 in the last three months. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its position in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 1,764.2% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 9,321 shares of the company’s stock valued at $162,000 after buying an additional 8,821 shares during the last quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC bought a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth $101,000. Ellington Management Group LLC bought a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth $203,000. State Street Corp increased its position in Clearside Biomedical by 80.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 102,278 shares of the company’s stock worth $911,000 after buying an additional 45,671 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth $417,000. 33.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-given-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded up 2.86% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $7.55. 92,667 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $7.44 and a 200 day moving average of $12.43. Clearside Biomedical has a 52-week low of $5.44 and a 52-week high of $25.08. The stock’s market capitalization is $190.91 million. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.33) by $0.12. Equities research analysts expect that Clearside Biomedical will post ($2.03) earnings per share for the current year. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Signs Order Undoing Policies to Fight Climate Change By CORAL DAVENPORT and ALISSA J. RUBIN 8:54 PM ET President Trump, flanked by coal miners, described the order to undo President Obama’s climate legacy as a step toward energy independence. Climate diplomats from other major economies said they would continue to carry out their agreements with or without the U.S.  Comments Coal Miners Can Only Hope It Helps By CAMPBELL ROBERTSON For those in coal country who felt bullied by the previous administration’s policies, a rollback is cheered, though expectations remain muted. 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 Business as usual 7.0 2016 2009 6.0 Clean Power Plan Paris goal Gigatons of CO2 equivalent 5.0 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 Business as usual 7.0 2016 2009 6.0 Fuel standards Paris goal Gigatons of CO2 equivalent 5.0 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 Business as usual 7.0 2016 2009 6.0 Methane and N2O Paris goal Gigatons of CO2 equivalent 5.0 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 Business as usual 7.0 2016 2009 6.0 Energy efficiency and HFCs Paris goal Gigatons of CO2 equivalent 5.0 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 Business as usual 7.0 2016 2009 6.0 California Paris goal Gigatons of CO2 equivalent 5.0 Promises of Paris Accord Slip Further Away By NADJA POPOVICH Without Obama-era greenhouse gas regulations in place, the U.S. will fall short of its commitments in the 2015 Paris Agreement. An Industry That Needs More Than Just a Shift in Policy By CLIFFORD KRAUSS and DIANE CARDWELL Reversing clean power rules may lead to more drilling and pipelines, but economics and state initiatives still favor natural gas and renewable energy. We Fact-Checked Trump’s Claims on Energy and Jobs 9:13 PM ET What to Know About Trump’s Latest Order Russia Inquiry Stalls, Democrats Say, With Nunes Calling Shots By EMMARIE HUETTEMAN 10:39 PM ET Democrats lamented canceled meetings and questioned the impartiality of Representative Devin Nunes, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, who has rebuffed calls to recuse himself from the investigation. What Are the Rules on Surveillance? A Guide 5 Reasons Trump’s Tax Overhaul Plan Won’t Be So Easy By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS The president’s failure to push through broad health care overhaul has raised questions about the prospects of a sweeping rewrite of the tax code. Health Law Repeal Is Back on Agenda, Republicans Say By ROBERT PEAR and JEREMY W. PETERS 8:47 PM ET Under pressure from conservative activists, House Republican leaders and the White House say they have restarted negotiations.  Comments More in Politics Congress Moves to Overturn Obama-Era Online Privacy Rules Like Trump, White House Staff Will Skip Correspondents Dinner 10:40 PM ET Trump’s Job Approval Reaches New Low Mysterious Buyer of Trump’s Childhood Home Said to Be From China As ‘Brexit’ Nears, Scotland Votes for One of Its Own By STEPHEN CASTLE A vote by the Scottish Parliament sets the stage for a tussle between London and Edinburgh, with Scottish voters preferring to stay in the European Union. Machines Are Rising Over the Humans to Pick Stock Winners By LANDON THOMAS Jr. BlackRock is merging many actively managed mutual funds with peers that rely more on algorithms and models to pick stocks. For Every Robot, Up to Six Humans Lose Their Jobs The Daily 360 3:20 Crossing Cultures: K-Pop Fans in America Samantha Quick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Germany Refuses Turkey’s Request to Spy on Opponents of Erdogan 3 Storm Chasers Killed in Crash in West Texas 9:00 PM ET U.S. Men’s Soccer Has Tougher Qualifier Against Panama but Earns a Point 12:36 AM ET 2 Black Women Sue Fox News, Claiming Discrimination 10:00 PM ET Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Your Wednesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 1:39 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ President Trump wanted a faster battle plan. Iraqi leaders wanted quicker airstrikes. Is that why about 200 civilians are now dead in Mosul? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Our Favorite Weeknight Pasta Dishes From Mark Bittman NYT Cooking From the master of all things simple and spectacular, here are more than 10 pasta dishes for tonight. The Checkup How to Travel With Adult Children By PERRI KLASS, M.D. You may be dazzled to see that they are truly grown up, and yet you may still need to take care of them.  Comments What the Fight Against ISIS Looks Like to Mosul’s Terrified Civilians A photojournalist for The Times spent three weeks documenting the battlefront and humanitarian crisis in west Mosul. Here’s what he saw. Photographs and Text by IVOR PRICKETT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES U.S. ‘Probably Had a Role’ in Deadly Strike, Commander Says Right and Left: Partisan Writing You Shouldn’t Miss By ANNA DUBENKO How the other side thinks: We scoured the web for great political articles from each side of the aisle. 11 Great Reads That Have Nothing to Do With Politics Books of The Times A Florida of Sun, Sky, Sea and Mind By DWIGHT GARNER Our critic went to high school in Florida, a “supposedly fun place that has a lot of sadness clinging to it.” He reviews two new books — an essay collection and an environmental history — that explore the terrain of an unmoored state. F.D.A. Clears First Drug for Severe Multiple Sclerosis By KATIE THOMAS 10:24 PM ET The drug, Ocrevus by Genentech, can also be used to treat patients with the more common form of the disease. F.D.A. Approves Eczema Drug. It Costs $37,000 a Year. Second Thoughts on Anti-Immigrant Lawmaker in Iowa By TRIP GABRIEL Has Steve King, an outspokenly anti-immigrant congressman, finally gone too far, even for his loyal constituents? Their attitudes seem to be shifting. Fleetwood Mac and the Eagles Come to the Coasts By BEN SISARIO 2:02 AM ET The lineup for the two sets of July concerts, set for Los Angeles and New York, also includes the Doobie Brothers, Journey, Steely Dan and Earth, Wind and Fire. Smack in the Middle of the Track: An Errant Basketball By JACOB BERNSTEIN Hiding in plain sight, a dusty, orange orb evaded subway cars, sweepers and even commuters in Manhattan for weeks. The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In Norway, Women Are Joining the Hunt Hunting was once a man’s pastime in Norway, one of the last bastions of macho male culture. Today that’s no longer the case. Fame, Fortune and an Itch to Run for Office Some with wealth and renown are finding that insufficient and, like President Trump, are contemplating the political life. A Solution to Clearing the To-Do List: Don’t According to Tiffany Dufu’s “Drop the Ball” and Stephen Marche’s “The Unmade Bed,” there’s a solution to those impossible household to-do lists: Quit. The Opinion Pages Editorial President Trump Risks the Planet Reversing President Obama’s climate policies will raise emissions and undercut America’s claim to leadership on the issue of global warming.  Comments Contributing Op-Ed Writer The Stinging Insult of Hosni Mubarak’s Release By MONA ELTAHAWY The release of Egypt’s former dictator shows that our new rulers have as much contempt for justice as he did. Editorial: Paul Ryan, Brought Down to Size Brooks: Can Elephants Learn From Failure? Cohen: The Offender in Chief Leonhardt: Republicans for Single-Payer Health Care Rosenthal: What Trump and Obama Have in Common Rattner: Hurting Obamacare The Image of Emmett Till User Subscriptions ‘To the Editor’: What Happens When Readers Write Back? Postcard From China: Secret Video of a Women’s Rights Demonstration Times Insider » ‘To the Editor’: What Happens When Readers Write Back? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Hockey How a Team in Seattle Changed Hockey Forever Opinion The Left-Wing Case for Brexit The European Union is all about elite management and money-grubbing. Fashion & Style The Return of Aviator Glasses Eat Program Teaches Healthy Cooking in Schools Opinion Israel’s Next War Is Always ‘Inevitable’ Food A Glimpse Inside Nobu Downtown Times Insider Big Ben Still Tolled Opinion The Stinging Insult of Hosni Mubarak’s Release Commercial Real Estate Restoring 19th-Century Homes for Affordability Magazine Eyeing Change, Baseball Should Look to Its Past Opinion Fixes: A Guided Path Many first-generation college students need help planning their studies when they see thousands of courses to pick from. Food 12 Wine Grapes Worth Discovering Sections World » Engulfed in Battle, Mosul Civilians Run for Their Lives Germany Refuses Turkey’s Request to Spy on Opponents of Erdogan ‘Social Discontent’ Grips Ivory Coast as Economic Gains Pass Many By Business Day » Policy Shift Helps Coal, but Other Forces May Limit Effect Samsung May Bring Back Its Fire-Plagued Galaxy Note 7 Didi Chuxing, China’s Ride-Hailing Giant, Holds Talks With SoftBank Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Image of Emmett Till Editorials: Paul Ryan, Brought Down to Size David Brooks: Can Elephants Learn From Failure? U.S. » An Alabama Prison’s Unrelenting Descent Into Violence Border Agents: ‘We’re Not Going to Apologize for What we Believe In’ Lacking E.M.T.s, an Aging Maine Turns to Immigrants Technology » At BlackRock, Machines Are Rising Over Managers to Pick Stocks Automation Nation: Evidence That Robots Are Winning the Race for American Jobs Uber Releases Diversity Report and Repudiates Its ‘Hard-Charging Attitude’ Arts » Critic's Notebook: ‘Legion’ and the Rise of Surreality TV Meet the Executioner. Your Amateur Night at the Apollo Is Over. A Dance Troupe Adds Fresh Faces. The Youngest Is 66. Politics » Like Trump, White House Staff Will Skip Correspondents Dinner Fact Check: Trump’s Misleading Words on Energy and Jobs Amid White House Tumult, Pence Offers Trump a Steady Hand Fashion & Style » The Past Lives of Shirley MacLaine The Return of Aviator Glasses Ralph Toledano Resigns From Puig in Fashion World Upheaval Movies » Review: ‘Karl Marx City’ Revisits the Everyday Terror of Dictatorship New Chairman at Paramount Pictures Faces an Arduous Task ‘Beauty’ Rules the Box Office Again, as ‘Power Rangers’ Surprises New York » Mysterious Buyer of Trump’s Childhood Home Said to Be From China About New York: Vision Zero Has Made Ocean Parkway Safer, but Some See Red In Brooklyn’s Kosher Pizza War, Modern Tastes Battle Ancient Law Sports » U.S. Women’s Team Strikes a Deal With U.S.A. Hockey U.S. Has Tougher Qualifier Against Panama but Earns a Point UConn Forward Feels the Pull of the Family Name Theater » Review: In ‘Chess Match No. 5,’ the Words of John Cage, Deconstructed Review: John Leguizamo Turns Nutty Professor in ‘Latin History for Morons’ An Industrial Hellscape With You at the Center Science » Trump Signs Executive Order Unwinding Obama Climate Policies A Dream of Clean Energy at a Very High Price ScienceTake: Wonders of a Marine National Monument Obituaries » Ahmed Kathrada, Anti-Apartheid Activist in South Africa, Dies at 87 Bill Minor, Journalist Who Was Called Conscience of Mississippi, Dies at 94 Don Hunstein, Who Photographed Great Musicians, Dies at 88 Television » Critic's Notebook: ‘Legion’ and the Rise of Surreality TV Review: Rival Brothel Owners Square Off in Hulu’s ‘Harlots’ Review: In BET’s Police Drama ‘Rebel,’ Blaxploitation Matters Health » Repeal of Affordable Care Act Is Back on Agenda, Republicans Say Severe Eczema Drug Is Approved by F.D.A.; Price Tag Is $37,000 a Year In Health Bill’s Defeat, Medicaid Comes of Age Travel » Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John Surfacing: Five Places to Go in Helsinki Pursuits: Accordions, Étouffée and Nonstop Dancing in a Zydeco Capital Books » Books of The Times: A Florida of Sun, Sky, Sea and Mind Books of The Times: A Haunting Debut Looks Ahead to a Second American Civil War Nonfiction: With God on Their Side: How Evangelicals Entered American Politics Education » College Is the Goal. The Problem? Getting There. Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises Food » Restaurant Review: We’ll Always Have Paris, at Augustine A Rabbi Walks Into a Bar — and Enforces the Law To Become a Better Cook, Sharpen Your Senses Sunday Review » Opinion: Justice Springs Eternal Editorials: Congress’s Duty in the War With ISIS Frank Bruni: Trump’s Trainwreck Real Estate » Adulting, but With Your College Crowd Ask Real Estate: Endless Parties Next Door Donald Trump’s Modest Boyhood Home in Queens Sells for Millions The Upshot » Automation Nation: Evidence That Robots Are Winning the Race for American Jobs Political Calculus: A 2016 Review: Turnout Wasn’t the Driver of Clinton’s Defeat The New Health Care: Training Your Brain So That You Don’t Need Reading Glasses Magazine » Feature: Can a Former Islamist Make It Cool to Be Moderate? First Words: None of Us Are Safe From Getting ‘Owned’ On Sports: As Baseball Considers Change, It Should Look to Its Past Automobiles » Ford to Expand U.S. Production of Trucks and S.U.V.s Driven: Video Review: Mini Countryman Takes On the Big Boys Wheels: Self-Driving Cars Could Be Boon for Aged, After Initial Hurdles T Magazine » On Wellness: A Chia Bowl Recipe From ABC Home’s Newest Restaurant, ABCv 5 Brands Creating Streetwear for Women One-Thing Shops: On One Paris Street, Shopkeepers Specialize in Only One Thing Times Insider » A Surprise Trip to Prison What We’re Reading ‘To the Editor’: What Happens When Readers Write Back? Real Estate » What I Love Lena Hall’s 500-Square-Foot Apartment in Midtown By JOANNE KAUFMAN For the actress, a tidy alcove studio carpeted in silvery white has room enough for everything that really matters. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 37F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP US stock indexes close higher as consumer confidence gains By ALEX VEIGA AP Business Writer Mar 28, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 1 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from new data showing that consumer confidence in the U.S. hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are pivoting to tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. "The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform," Kinahan said. "That's all the market is really hanging its hat on." The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average's decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 percent from 2.38 percent. Since Donald Trump's presidential election win last November, investors have been optimistic that the administration would deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans' failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back on tax cuts, among other issues. "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers' assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor's CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. That's a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 percent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 percent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. In Europe, Germany's DAX gained 1.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 rose 0.6 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares added 0.7 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul's Kospi rose 0.3 percent. The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.09 yen from 110.57 yen. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 58 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $51.33 a barrel in London. Natural gas added 4 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.64 per gallon and heating oil gained a penny to $1.52 per gallon. In metals trading, the price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Currency Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Japanese Yen Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (1) comment (1) comment Asiseeit Mar 28, 2017 11:22am only one way to go, it will hit hard and fast Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION California slaying victims are mom, 2 kids and another woman Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama climate change rules House Republicans, short of votes, abruptly pull health care bill Trump's border wall with Mexico faces all kinds of obstacles Abby Lee Miller quits 'Dance Moms' before fraud sentencing Business Directory Latest Local Offers The Top Of The Rock Meat Raffle Every Friday Night Starting at 6:30pm At Top Of The Rock! Friday Night Cash Drawing is at 7:30pm! Updated Mar 22, 2017 Central States Investigation Agency, LLC $45 Local Rates. Call Central States Investigation Agency for Your Process Serving Needs. Great Rates, Fast Turn Around Time, Professional Service. Call 844-44P-INOW (844-447-4669) Today. Free Consultations Updated Mar 22, 2017 ≫ today's question Do you think city residents should be allowed to keep bees? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30536336.pdf 30536490.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Mar 28 "Putting Out the Flames of Hate" community solidarity rally Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Chair Yoga Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Mar 28 Upper Northside Logan Neighborhood Association Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Mar 28 Story time, for ages 3 to 6 Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Trivia Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Mar 28 Jazz night Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Mar 28 Open Jam: The Organic Music Cooperative Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Saving Abel and Tantric with Year of the Locust Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Mar 28 Duplicate bridge Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Mar 28 Coulee Region Professional Women Tue, Mar 28, 2017 @ 5:30 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses C21 Affiliated - Sarah Hemker 700 N 3rd St Suite 101, La Crosse, WI 54601 Better Hearing Center 515 2nd Ave S, Onalaska, WI 54650 Rocky's Supper Club 101 Main, Stoddard, WI 54658 Ritch Jacobson Real Estate Company 157 West Third Street, Winona, MN 55987 Currents Personal-finance Which states have the worst economic inequality? Health, Medicine and Fitness Which states have the highest sin taxes? +7 National Photos: Soldiers face steep climb as Army prepares for a return to the jungle Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court Saric, Covington lift 76ers over Nets 106-101 Patrik Laine scores in shootout, Jets rally to beat Devils Weal leads Flyers past Senators 3-2 in shootout Schroder, Hawks beat Suns 95-91 to snap 7-game losing streak TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Trump voters to president: Stop Twitter rants Nunes: 'Why would I not' remain intel chair? Hillary Clinton: GOP health bill failure a win New developments in Fenway Park News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HB Fuller Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HB Fuller Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HB Fuller Co (FUL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Danaos Co. (DAC) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC ALLETE Inc (ALE) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. BT Group plc (BT) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley Inchcape plc (INCH) Upgraded by BNP Paribas to Outperform Lam Research’s (LRCX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts HB Fuller Co (FUL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of HB Fuller Co (NYSE:FUL) from a sell rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Monday. They currently have $57.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “H.B. Fuller Company is a worldwide manufacturer and marketer of adhesives, sealants, coatings, paints and other specialty chemical products. The company’s largest worldwide business category is adhesives, sealants and coatings. These products are sold to customers in a wide range of industries, including packaging, woodworking, automotive, aerospace, graphic arts (books/magazines), appliances, filtration, windows, sporting goods, nonwovens, shoes and ceramic tile. “ Several other research analysts also recently issued reports on FUL. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of HB Fuller from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $49.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Seaport Global Securities downgraded shares of HB Fuller from an accumulate rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc set a $55.00 target price on shares of HB Fuller and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. HB Fuller has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $51.80. HB Fuller (NYSE:FUL) traded up 0.41% on Monday, reaching $51.76. 29,027 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $49.97 and a 200 day moving average of $47.80. HB Fuller has a 12-month low of $41.04 and a 12-month high of $53.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.39 and a beta of 1.66. HB Fuller (NYSE:FUL) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 18th. The company reported $0.74 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.01. HB Fuller had a net margin of 5.93% and a return on equity of 13.71%. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.69 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that HB Fuller will post $2.64 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “HB Fuller Co (FUL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/hb-fuller-co-ful-upgraded-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, VP Traci L. Jensen sold 16,305 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $48.82, for a total value of $796,010.10. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 39,087 shares in the company, valued at $1,908,227.34. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP Patrick M. Kivits sold 1,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.00, for a total transaction of $75,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 45 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,250. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 21,949 shares of company stock worth $1,077,796. Insiders own 3.55% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of HB Fuller by 3.1% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 666,856 shares of the company’s stock worth $30,989,000 after buying an additional 20,187 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of HB Fuller by 3.0% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 56,115 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,608,000 after buying an additional 1,658 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of HB Fuller by 34.1% in the third quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC now owns 67,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,137,000 after buying an additional 17,163 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in shares of HB Fuller by 0.5% in the third quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 22,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,032,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Mairs & Power INC increased its position in shares of HB Fuller by 0.4% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 3,540,296 shares of the company’s stock worth $164,518,000 after buying an additional 13,770 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 89.89% of the company’s stock. About HB Fuller H.B. Fuller Company is a formulator, manufacturer and marketer of adhesives, sealants and other specialty chemical products. The Company’s segments include Americas Adhesives, Europe, India, Middle East and Africa (EIMEA), Asia Pacific, Construction Products and Engineering Adhesives. The Americas Adhesives, EIMEA and Asia Pacific operating segments produce and supply industrial adhesives products for applications in various markets, including durable assembly, nonwoven and hygiene, and textile. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on HB Fuller (FUL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for HB Fuller Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HB Fuller Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. Posted 28 Mar 2017 21:35 Updated 29 Mar 2017 04:35 A trader looks at screens while working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices . The Dow Jones Transport Average , seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for US$1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for US$780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Dan Grebler) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Bloomberg Terminal Subscribers Declined For Just The Second Time Ever Last Year Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 28, 2017 11:53am   Comments Share: The Bloomberg Terminal, once considered to be the gold standard in financial data services, saw its user base shrink in 2016. According to Finextra, data from Burton-Taylor found the financial data services market rose 3.45 percent in 2016 and reached $27.48 billion. Despite the rise in spending, the total number of users who work from a Bloomberg terminal shrank for just the second time in its 36-year history. The other year of decline was 2009. The decline in Bloomberg's base shouldn't necessarily come as a surprise as various notable clients have been in talks with competing firms. For example, Bloomberg's second-biggest client, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) was in talk with rival Thomson Reuters to supply up to 2,000 terminals which would have saved the bank up to $36 million in fees. "The industry showed steady overall growth in 2016 and, in spite of rather pessimistic forecasts from market participants surveyed last year, performed surprisingly well in the Americas and Asia," Finextra quoted Douglas Taylor, founder & managing director of Burton-Taylor as saying. "Although Emea held the market back last year, MiFID II requirements and the tight regulatory environment should drive spend in all regions in 2017." Winners And Losers In Financial Data The decline has come as financial institutions and retail traders alike have sought to cut costs, leading to the rise of new research alternatives like Benzinga Pro. Finextra noted Bloomberg still dominates the financial data market with a 33.4 percent market share, while Thomson Reuters ranked second with a 23.14 percent market share. S&P Global Market Intelligence was one of the biggest winners in 2016 as its revenue grew year-over-year in 2016 by 21.85 percent. Among vendors with at least $500 million in global revenue, Platts delivered the highest five-year compound annual growth rate at 11.14 percent, followed by Global Market Intelligence (10.91 percent), Moody's Analytics (10.19 percent) and FactSet (8.72 percent). See Also: A 22-Year-Old College Student In India Figured Out How To Make Quantitative Investing Models By Googling It ComplySci Delivers Innovative Risk Management And Compliance Solution Image: TechCrunch/TCDisrupt, Flickr Posted-In: Bloomberg Bloomberg Terminal Financial Data FinextraNews Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (JPM) How You Should Diversify Your Portfolio, According To A 50-Year Wall Street Veteran Despite Many Factors Stacking Up Against JPMorgan, Rafferty Capital Wants You To Own The Stock Uber's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad 2017 This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech So What If Corporations Pay Dividends With Repatriated Cash? Citigroup, JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs And Intel: Fast Money Picks For March 14 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 QUIK, VRNT: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 CARA, OPTT: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 RAD, WBA: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New R... 4 GIII, SNX: Stocks To Watch For March 27, 2017 5 SPWH, WAGE: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Dow... 6 MSFT, GOOG: Here's Every Major... 7 IEP: The Who's Who O... 1 RHT: Red Hat Back In The Groove; 34% Upside Seen For Shares 2 SQ: Square's U.K. Launch Doesn't Impress Investors 3 TSLA, RHT: PreMarket Prep Recap For March 28: 8 Days Down On The Dow And Disc... 4 TSLA: Tesla Investor Optimism 'Will Have To' Adjust, Say P... 5 TSLA, GM: Like He Did With Apple, David Einhorn Wants GM To Crea... 6 GIL, UAA: Lululemon's Stock Could Drop 20 Percent 7 SGYP: Analyst: Synergy Pharma Could Achieve Sust... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook Higher After Upgrades To Camera
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reissued their overweight rating on shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) in a research report released on Monday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 390 ($4.90) price objective on the natural resources company’s stock. Several other research firms have also issued reports on GLEN. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on Glencore PLC from GBX 315 ($3.96) to GBX 355 ($4.46) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Societe Generale reiterated a buy rating on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Monday, March 6th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.03) target price on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.27) target price on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.78) target price on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, February 24th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 344.30 ($4.33). Shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) traded up 1.21% on Monday, hitting GBX 309.45. The stock had a trading volume of 24,515,263 shares. Glencore PLC has a one year low of GBX 124.55 and a one year high of GBX 347.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 44.10 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 324.25 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 277.97. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/glencore-plc-glen-given-overweight-rating-at-barclays-plc.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be paid a GBX 0.04 ($0.00) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pattern Energy Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Earns Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Downgraded by Macquarie Access National Co. (ANCX) Now Covered by Analysts at Merion Capital Group Bayer AG (BAYRY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Brokerages Set $165.67 Target Price for ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Macquarie cut shares of Pattern Energy Group Inc (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report released on Thursday morning. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on PEGI. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a $28.00 price objective (down from $36.00) on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Pattern Energy Group from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $22.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an outperform rating on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research report on Friday, December 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Pattern Energy Group from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $26.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on Pattern Energy Group in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a neutral rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $25.38. Shares of Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) opened at 20.30 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $20.25 and its 200-day moving average price is $20.63. The stock’s market cap is $1.77 billion. Pattern Energy Group has a 1-year low of $17.69 and a 1-year high of $25.13. Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.00 by $0.16. Pattern Energy Group had a positive return on equity of 0.16% and a negative net margin of 7.83%. The firm had revenue of $81.06 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $105.84 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.03 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 10.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Pattern Energy Group will post $0.06 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/macquarie-lowers-pattern-energy-group-inc-pegi-to-neutral.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.4138 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a boost from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. This represents a $1.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 8.15%. Pattern Energy Group’s payout ratio is currently -428.95%. In other Pattern Energy Group news, Director Patricia S. Bellinger purchased 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $19.74 per share, with a total value of $59,220.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 17,738 shares in the company, valued at $350,148.12. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.79% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bessemer Group Inc. acquired a new position in Pattern Energy Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $133,000. Bienville Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Pattern Energy Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $213,000. A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new position in Pattern Energy Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $300,000. RobecoSam USA Inc. boosted its position in Pattern Energy Group by 16.5% in the third quarter. RobecoSam USA Inc. now owns 13,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $301,000 after buying an additional 1,900 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Pattern Energy Group by 1,007.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 16,611 shares of the company’s stock worth $315,000 after buying an additional 15,111 shares in the last quarter. About Pattern Energy Group Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 29th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes veer higher as consumer confidence gains Poll Did you ever participate in the Kiwanis Music and Speech Arts Festival? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on March 28, 2017. FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) U.S. stock indexes moved slightly higher in morning trading Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings and economic news. New data showed strong gains in consumer confidence and U.S. home prices. Banks and other financial stocks led the way higher, while phone company stocks were down the most. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 60 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 20,611 as of 11:02 a.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 5 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,347. The Nasdaq composite index gained 2 points to 5,842. The Dow has fallen for eight days in a row, its longest losing streak in more than five years. THE QUOTE: “The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive.” TASTY RESULTS: Darden Restaurants jumped 8 per cent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden rose $6.08 to $81.66. STRONG QUARTER: Red Hat climbed 5.3 per cent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.35 to $86.55. SMOOTH SAILING: Carnival rose 1.4 per cent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained 84 cents to $59.71. ECONOMIC INDICATORS: The Conference Board said that its consumer confidence index rose this month to 125.6, its highest level in more than 16 years. Separately, the latest Standard & Poor’s CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index showed that home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising but that’s not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren’t a lot of homes on the market. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany’s DAX was up 0.8 per cent, while France’s CAC 40 was 0.2 per cent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.5 per cent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.5 per cent. Seoul’s Kospi rose 0.3 per cent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 per cent, at $48.27 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to rice international oils, climbed 92 cents, or 1.8 per cent, to $51.82 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro rose to $1.0869 from $1.0868, while the dollar weakened to 110.27 yen from 110.57 yen. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices edged higher. The 10-year Treasury yield fell to 2.37 per cent from 2.38 per cent. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly cloudy skies. High 56F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy this evening, then becoming cloudy after midnight. Low around 40F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 2:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Breaking Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama climate change rules Close Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP US stock indexes move higher as consumer confidence gains By ALEX VEIGA AP Business Writer Mar 28, 2017 Updated 25 min ago 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Financials companies led U.S. stock indexes broadly higher in afternoon trading Tuesday as investors drew encouragement from new data showing strong gains in consumer confidence and U.S. home prices. Energy stocks also rose as crude oil prices headed higher. Utilities were the only laggard. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 168 points, or 0.8 percent, to 20,718 as of 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 20 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,361. The Nasdaq composite index gained 44 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,885. The rally put the market on course to snap an eight-day losing streak by the Dow, its longest slide in more than five years. THE QUOTE: "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." NOT SPLITTING: General Motors gained 3 percent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares rose $1.04 to $35.75. TASTY RESULTS: Darden Restaurants jumped 8.5 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden rose $6.42 to $82. STRONG QUARTER: Red Hat climbed 5.5 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.55 to $86.75. SMOOTH SAILING: Carnival rose 1.3 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained 79 cents to $59.66. ECONOMIC INDICATORS: The Conference Board said that its consumer confidence index rose this month to 125.6, its highest level in more than 16 years. Separately, the latest Standard & Poor's CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index showed that home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was up 1.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 was 0.6 percent higher. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was up 0.7 percent. Investors, particularly in U.K.-related assets, will have more to chew on Wednesday when the British government finally triggers the two-year process by which it leaves the European Union. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.5 percent. Seoul's Kospi rose 0.3 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 81 cents, or 1.7 percent, at $48.54 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 61 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $51.51 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The euro weakened to $1.0808 from $1.0868, while the dollar strengthened to 111.07 yen from 110.57 yen. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.41 percent from 2.38 percent. METALS: The price of gold slipped 10 cents to settle at $1,255.60 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $18.25 per ounce. Copper added 4 cents to $2.68 per pound. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Currency Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Japanese Yen Stock Price Movements Stock Performance Corporate Stock Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing Limoges: Lessons learned from Muscatine mayor fight 11-hour Muscatine mayor ouster hearing dismisses without conclusion, hearing scheduled to resume April 1 Scott M. Richmond Hearing to impeach Muscatine Mayor Diana Broderson will be broadcast live Business Directory Latest Local Offers Amanda Buenemann State Farm Bilingual services available at State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann with her staff! To schedule your consultation, call now! 563-263-2744 Updated Mar 24, 2017 Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Protect yourself with retirement planning and income planning from Beckey Insurance & Financial Services. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Updated Mar 24, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 14 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page B1 Page B2 (0) More on this topic AP Exclusive: Lottery manager still on job after firing Arkansas lawmaker: Online taxes bill dead for the session Commander says US may have played role in Mosul deaths Fewer priest accusers to testify at ex-official's retrial US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Currents National Which places have the most toxic spills? Baseball MLB predictions: Who will come out on top in 2017? +16 World Photos: Indonesian farmers cement feet to protest factory Today’s top pics: Marathi New Year in India and more Your daily 6: Three burglars gunned down, famine fears worsen and pants prove to be downfall Today's Birthdays, March 28: Lady Gaga Today In History, March 28: U.S. Supreme Court Rangers 3B Beltre close to 3,000 hits, really wants 1 ring Indians sign INF Ramirez to 5-year, $26 million contract Spicy Mango Chicken Wings The healing power of art through 'Mutual Support' Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services is here to help you with all your term life insurance questions. Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Currently Open Ads State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann offers a wonderful referral program - Refer someone to our office and receive a $10 gift card. For more information, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Currently Open Ads Protect yourself with retirement planning and income planning from Beckey Insurance & Financial Services. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Trump: Order will eliminate federal overreach Mindy Kaling disses senator, gets date 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' cast reunites Trump in 2016: 'I don't have time' for golf Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money US STOCKS-Dow on track to snap 8-day losing streak as banks gain Shares1 Tue, 28 Mar 2017-09:10pm , Reuters The Dow was on track to snap an eight-day losing streak on Tuesday as financial stocks rose on the back of strong consumer data, offsetting losses in the healthcare sector. U.S. consumers' confidence in the economy rose in March to its highest level since December 2000, a survey by the Conference Board showed on Tuesday, led by optimism for finding work and a brighter assessment of business conditions. The S&P 500 financial sector rose 0.67 percent. Gains in Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan propped up the Dow. "This market is driven by two things - the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you've gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong." Tuesday's gains come after a week of declines on the Dow as investors fretted over President Donald Trump's ability to push his agenda as his healthcare bill failed to find enough supporters before being withdrawn in Congress on Friday. However, investors appeared to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. The White House late on Monday said it would take a lead role in crafting the tax reform legislature and set an August target date for the bill. At 11:01 a.m. ET (1501 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 59.54 points, or 0.29 percent, at 20,610.52, the S&P 500 was up 5.48 points, or 0.23 percent, at 2,347.07 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 2.12 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,842.49. Five of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by gains in financials, three were lower and the rest remained flat. Healthcare, which had risen the most on Monday, was off 0.4 percent, weighed down by Johnson & Johnson and Gilead. Apple's 0.6 percent gain made it the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq. General Motors rose 3 percent to $35.76 after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.3 percent to $276.66 after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent passive stake in the company for $1.78 billion. Comments from several Federal Reserve officials, including Fed Chair Janet Yellen, on Tuesday will be closely watched for more insight into the health of the U.S. economy and the timing of the next interest rate hike. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,704 to 1,063. On the Nasdaq, 1,388 issues fell and 1,235 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 12 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 56 new highs and 22 new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money GST to be taken up in Lok Sabha for debate today; govt expects consensus Money Freebies from your employer may dry up under GST regime Money Used counterfeit ID to get Aadhaar card? Be ready to live with fake identity, says UIDAI Money Bharti Airtel sells 10.3% stake in tower subsidiary Bharti Infratel for Rs 6,194 crore Money SBI to complete merger with six banks in three months Money Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling suffers on Brexit day Related Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling suffers on Brexit day Sensex bounces 172 points on positive global cues Sensex sheds 184 points as RIL stocks tank Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Donald Trump Congress General Motors Goldman Sachs Johnson & Johnson New York White House S&P U. S. Federal Reserve Janet Yellen Art Hogan Conference Board Dow Jones Industrial Average Gilead NYSE Nasdaq Composite Tencent Holdings Tesla SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News JD (U) rebuffs reports of talks with BJP to rejoin NDA Nepal asks climbers to clean quake-littered Everest camp Fog grounds flights in and out of New Zealand capital Court adjourns hearing on framing charges against ISIS suspect till Apr. 13 US judge to hear arguments on longer block to travel ban Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Stielke wants more from Korean forwards in final push Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Andrew Garfield to play war correspondent in 'Black Lion' Will Ranveer Singh be seen singing with Anushka Manchanda next? Don't write stories keeping actors in mind: Neeraj Pandey Kabir Khan to make a web series on Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army! "Spider-Man" springs into action--this time in high school Money Bank of Baroda money laundering case: ED arrests two businessmen Refined soya oil futures slide 0.43% on profit-booking Crude palm oil futures extend gain, up 0.17% on rising demand Mentha oil futures rebound 0.57% on upsurge in demand L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job offers; shares 1.25% Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cowen and Company upgraded shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note published on Thursday morning. They currently have $11.00 price target on the stock, up from their previous price target of $10.00. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on MT. Zacks Investment Research raised ArcelorMittal SA from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $8.50 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a report on Friday, February 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a buy rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a report on Friday, February 17th. Commerzbank Ag raised ArcelorMittal SA from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $7.03. Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) opened at 8.26 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $25.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.32 and a beta of 2.06. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $8.74 and a 200-day moving average price of $7.51. ArcelorMittal SA has a 1-year low of $4.15 and a 1-year high of $9.37. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/arcelormittal-sa-mt-upgraded-at-cowen-and-company.html. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Highland Capital Management LLC raised its stake in ArcelorMittal SA by 0.7% in the third quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC now owns 45,035 shares of the company’s stock worth $272,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in ArcelorMittal SA by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 37,767 shares of the company’s stock worth $276,000 after buying an additional 399 shares during the period. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its stake in ArcelorMittal SA by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 80,959 shares of the company’s stock worth $591,000 after buying an additional 466 shares during the period. Baird Financial Group Inc. raised its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 15.8% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 16,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 2,286 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 4.1% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 140,881 shares of the company’s stock worth $851,000 after buying an additional 5,580 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.46% of the company’s stock. ArcelorMittal SA Company Profile ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Dow on track to snap 8-day losing streak as banks gain By Reuters Published: 11:38 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 11:38 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan March 28 (Reuters) - The Dow was on track to snap an eight-day losing streak on Tuesday as financial stocks rose on the back of strong consumer data, offsetting losses in the healthcare sector. U.S. consumers' confidence in the economy rose in March to its highest level since December 2000, a survey by the Conference Board showed on Tuesday, led by optimism for finding work and a brighter assessment of business conditions. The S&amp;P 500 financial sector rose 0.67 percent. Gains in Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan propped up the Dow. "This market is driven by two things - the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you've gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong." Tuesday's gains come after a week of declines on the Dow as investors fretted over President Donald Trump's ability to push his agenda as his healthcare bill failed to find enough supporters before being withdrawn in Congress on Friday. However, investors appeared to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. The White House late on Monday said it would take a lead role in crafting the tax reform legislature and set an August target date for the bill. At 11:01 a.m. ET (1501 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 59.54 points, or 0.29 percent, at 20,610.52, the S&amp;P 500 was up 5.48 points, or 0.23 percent, at 2,347.07 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 2.12 points, or 0.04 percent, at 5,842.49. Five of the 11 major S&amp;P 500 sectors were higher, led by gains in financials, three were lower and the rest remained flat. Healthcare, which had risen the most on Monday, was off 0.4 percent, weighed down by Johnson &amp; Johnson and Gilead. Apple's 0.6 percent gain made it the top stock on the S&amp;P and the Nasdaq. General Motors rose 3 percent to $35.76 after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.3 percent to $276.66 after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent passive stake in the company for $1.78 billion. Comments from several Federal Reserve officials, including Fed Chair Janet Yellen, on Tuesday will be closely watched for more insight into the health of the U.S. economy and the timing of the next interest rate hike. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,704 to 1,063. On the Nasdaq, 1,388 issues fell and 1,235 advanced. The S&amp;P 500 index showed 12 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 56 new highs and 22 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'A touching portrayal of grief': Fans pen their 'utmost respect' for Rio Ferdinand after his 'heartbreaking' documentary about the loss of his wife Rebecca That'll leave a sour taste! Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond shares TV chef's striking good looks at 23... but none of her winning charm Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' Instigated split after series of family dramas Meet my new bit on the side(boob)! TOWIE's Amber Turner remains steely as she sees giggling ex Jamie Reed and his busty squeeze Jade Lewis Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio It's all in the jeans She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least £50million seven years after they nervously auditioned on The X Factor 'Signature pose... got to do it!': Ice T's racy wife Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Not much material, girl Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Bathing beauty! Home & Away star Pia Miller showcases her model physique in a colourful string bikini and daisy dukes as she films iconic soap A blooming lovely couple! Mark Wright makes wife Michelle Keegan laugh out loud as she stuns in a floral jumpsuit Out for a London stroll Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung leads style queens Rosamund Pike, Arizona Muse and Donna Air at the ultra-glamorous National Portrait Gallery Gala It's OK, Rio - there is nothing wrong with the stiff upper lip: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews ex-footballer's Being Mum and Dad documentary  TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her eye-popping cleavage in plunging wrap dress as she shirks Pete Wicks love woes on girls' night out 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  MIC's Alex Mytton brings ex Jess Woodley to magazine launch... days after EXPLOSIVE 'drunken' row with girlfriend Lottie Moss His other blonde... Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims  So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Hint at why she always pouts 'I love with everything in me': Kerry Katona shares poignant message about mental health as she admits to feeling 'a little blue' on social media That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Go on, my son! Wayne Rooney's one-year-old Kit follows in his father's footballing footsteps with his first goal... ONE WEEK after learning to walk Jeremy McConnell pines for son Caben Albi as he's forced to share 'throwback' moment... yet keeps silent over row with Stephanie Davis Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tropical getaway Katie Price names and shames Internet trolls targeting her disabled son Harvey, as she launches petition to make online bullying a criminal offence 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils widened in SECOND nose job as her airwaves are being painfully restricted Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring What's going on here then? Footballer Ched Evans and girlfriend Natasha Massey roll past the Duchess of Cambridge as they miss out on the Portrait Gala 'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again Blonde bombshell Bianca Gascoigne shows off her endless legs in a white skirt suit for restaurant launch Looked sexily sophisticated at bash Vanessa White puts on a subtly saucy display in sheer floral crop top and casual jeans as she joins a grungy Ashley James at Notion Magazine bash Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie Leaving hair experts green with envy Love Island's Olivia Buckland displays her honed pins in blush coloured denims as she enjoys a date night in Essex with fiancé Alex Bowen 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Top tip 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC Stunned at the event  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl SHEER-an generosity! Now Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the Teenage Cancer Trust after saving Liberian street boys on Comic Relief 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour She wishes she was Gone, Girl! Nancy Dell'Olio and Rosamund Pike sport strikingly similar white lace gowns at National Portrait Gallery gala SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna struggles to hold back tears as she confronts Pete Wicks about their relationship in new TOWIE scenes Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Share six children  Just like mum! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Earl's girl Kitty drives David Walliams dotty! Social media photo leads comedian to comment: 'Oh my'  Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview Sheer daring! Sai Bennett flashes her legs in a see-through skirt and hot pants as she steps out at star-studded Portrait Gala  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Big night for women in entertainment 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date in LA 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Looking (Love)good! Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she opts for Fifties-style glamour at Warner Bros Studio launch The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Revealed baby bump  'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show New music  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed pins in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch 'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy Arizona Muse stuns in backless silk gown as she joins fiancé Boniface Verney-Carron at National Portrait Gallery gala Paparazzo in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport A beaming appearance 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon Embraced comfort  Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Beachy shoot There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as 'demeaning'  Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album  'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Sad news SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Asian stocks mixed as investors weigh US data, Brexit plans 2017-03-29T02:44:57Z2017-03-29T02:44:57Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on W... By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks were uneven on Wednesday as investors weighed strong U.S. economic reports against uncertainty as Britain readies a formal request to leave the European Union. KEEPING SCORE: Tokyo's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was practically unchanged at 19,208.10 and South Korea's Kospi rose less than 0.1 percent to 2,164.32. Hong Kong's Hang Seng climbed 0.4 percent to 24,432.61 but the Shanghai Composite index lost 0.5 percent to 3,237.36. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.8 percent to 5,866.80. CONFIDENCE RISING: The U.S. economy, the world's biggest, continues to strengthen, according to two data reports. The Conference Board's consumer confidence index rose in March to its highest level since 2000, in an upbeat sign of consumer future expectations. Also, U.S. home prices in January jumped at the fastest pace in nearly 2½ years because the tightening supply of houses for sale sparked bidding wars in many cities. QUOTEWORTHY: "While it's possible that U.S. consumer confidence may be tempered a little next month following the government's failure to achieve its healthcare reforms, the latest figure indicates a high base for confidence which should help support consumption and U.S. economic growth over coming months," said Ric Spooner, chief analyst at CMC Markets. BREXIT: British Prime Minister Theresa May's plan on Wednesday to trigger Article 50 of the European Union's key treaty has sent the pound lower. The request will trigger two years of negotiations before the U.K can exit the EU, a move that's divided Britain and leaves 3 million EU citizens living in the country worried about their future. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.7 percent to end at 20,701.50, turning in its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 0.7 percent to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 0.6 percent to 5,875.14. CURRENCIES. The dollar strengthened to 111.25 yen from 110.57 yen. The euro rose to $1.0821 from $1.0810. The pound fell to $1.2413 from $1.2447. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil futures rose 11 cents to $48.48 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose 64 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $48.37 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, climbed 7 cents to $51.49 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> APNewsBreak: Cyanide device on US land broke agency policy APNewsBreak: Cyanide device on US land broke agency policy Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:55:27 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:55:27 GMT Officials say a cyanide device for killing coyotes that spewed the poison on a boy and killed his dog was set up on public land in Idaho in February despite a decision months earlier to halt use of the devices on...More >> Officials say a cyanide device for killing coyotes that spewed the poison on a boy and killed his dog was set up on public land in Idaho in February despite a decision months earlier to halt use of the devices on all the state's U.S.-owned land.More >> Undercover videos of fetal tissue talks spur felony charges Undercover videos of fetal tissue talks spur felony charges Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:35 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:35:12 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-03-29 06:36:23 GMT Two anti-abortion activists who secretly recorded Planned Parenthood conversations about fetal tissue must each face more than a dozen felony charges.More >> Two anti-abortion activists who secretly recorded Planned Parenthood conversations about fetal tissue must each face more than a dozen felony charges.More >> New York foster father faces trial in sex abuse case New York foster father faces trial in sex abuse case Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:35 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:35:25 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:36 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:36:27 GMT A New York foster father who took in more than 100 troubled boys over 20 years is set to go on trial on charges he sexually abused eight of the children.More >> A New York foster father who took in more than 100 troubled boys over 20 years is set to go on trial on charges he sexually abused eight of the children.More >> Israeli lawmakers reach out to US Jews on anti-Semitism Israeli lawmakers reach out to US Jews on anti-Semitism Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:35 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:35:12 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:36 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:36:23 GMT A group of lawmakers representing a cross-section of Israel's political spectrum is reaching out to American Jews to discuss anti-Semitism in the United States.More >> A group of lawmakers representing a cross-section of Israel's political spectrum is reaching out to American Jews to discuss anti-Semitism in the United States.More >> Ex-Christie aides to be sentenced in New Jersey bridge case Ex-Christie aides to be sentenced in New Jersey bridge case Posted: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:25 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:25:08 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 29 2017 12:25 AM EDT2017-03-29 04:25:08 GMT Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday for their roles in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal.More >> Two former aides to Republican New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday for their roles in the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Commerzbank Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) has been assigned a €8.40 ($9.13) price objective by research analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. equinet AG set a €7.50 ($8.15) price objective on shares of Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.10 ($7.72) price target on shares of Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Nord/LB set a €7.00 ($7.61) price target on shares of Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €8.10 ($8.80) price target on shares of Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €7.60 ($8.26) price target on shares of Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. Commerzbank Ag currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €7.00 ($7.61). Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) traded up 2.858% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching €8.744. 142,418 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Commerzbank Ag has a 52-week low of €5.16 and a 52-week high of €8.76. The stock has a market cap of €10.95 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 39.211. The company has a 50-day moving average of €7.81 and a 200-day moving average of €7.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/commerzbank-ag-cbk-pt-set-at-8-40-by-citigroup-inc.html. About Commerzbank Ag Receive News & Ratings for Commerzbank Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) a €123.00 Price Target March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML) has been assigned a €123.00 ($133.70) price target by research analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on ML. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA in a research note on Monday. Jefferies Group LLC set a €93.00 ($101.09) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Morgan Stanley set a €110.00 ($119.57) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($125.00) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, S&P Global set a €100.00 ($108.70) price objective on shares of Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €106.83 ($116.12). Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML) opened at 111.40 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of €106.40 and a 200-day moving average of €101.88. The firm has a market cap of €20.06 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.34. Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA has a 52 week low of €79.80 and a 52 week high of €112.45. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/citigroup-inc-analysts-give-cie-gnrl-des-etblsmnts-michelin-sca-ml-a-123-00-price-target.html. About Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin SCA (Michelin SCA) is a France-based company, which is mainly engaged in the manufacture and distribution of tires for a variety of vehicles. In addition, it publishes maps and guides, and offers digital products and services. The Company’s main activity is the production of tires for passenger cars, two-wheeled vehicles, trucks, agricultural equipment and aircraft, among others, which are sold through such distribution divisions as Euromaster in Europe and TCI in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) closes Tuesday at new-all-time high >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Is Becoming a Tech Stock BofA's technology platform makes BAC stock a buy ... but technology platforms are made to be disrupted By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 28, 2017, 9:21 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Tesla Inc (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk Pulls a Model 3 Bait-and-Switch The Core of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is at Risk Bank of America: BAC Stock Is a SAFETY Play? Recent Posts: Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Sees Groceries as Its Holy Grail Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Is Becoming a Tech Stock Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Is Still More Beast Than Beauty View All Posts Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) has realized that, today, the cost of gathering deposits and handling routine transactions isn’t primarily salaries and benefits, but technology. Source: Shutterstock Even during the past decade, banks gathered deposits by having a lot of branches or “stores” staffed by people. As I helped a friend gather emergency cash yesterday, I saw how this has changed. No one went in the “branch” bank I visited. Instead they walked up, or drove up, to four ATM machines. There were some drive-up windows at the suburban Atlanta location we visited, but they went unused. Bank of America’s understanding of tech’s role would seem to be its chief advantage, alongside JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), in dominating consumer banking. The bank’s latest branches don’t have any employees at all. I have written that this helps make BAC stock a safety play. But is it, really? I bank with Charles Schwab Corp (NYSE:SCHW). I could use all the Bank of America ATM machines, free, the charge being refunded to me every month. The credit union we had used started charging for accounts that allowed you to use a teller. When we ran out of paper checks recently, I realized we didn’t need them. The process of consumer banking has changed in this decade. And while Bank of America has worked hard to stay on top of it, with 100,000 people now working on or operating its technology platforms, the extent to which its investments play to its advantage — and to the advantage of its investors — remains unclear. Banking vs. Moore’s Law A bank ATM machine costs about $10,000 for a merchant to set up, plus the cost of real estate, with operating costs of just a few hundred dollars per month. This is dirt-cheap compared to the cost of hiring tellers and staffing bank branches. New machines can take Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple Pay and other phone-based payment systems using near-field communications. Checks are read directly by the machine, and no longer go into envelopes. The latest machines can take loan payments, cash checks and split deposits among accounts. While there are risks to running ATMs — from skimmers that read cards to thieves who will cut into the machine for the cash or just take the whole thing — these costs are manageable. Now, even ATMs are quickly being replaced. Once a bank’s full functions are on your phone, you don’t even go to the ATM. I began depositing my checks through my phone last year, and no longer even visit my Schwab branch. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/why-bank-of-america-corp-bac-tech-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Blue Chips to Sell in April 3 Picks for a ‘Trump Trade’ Reversal 4 Retail REITs That Must Face the Music The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April The 3 Best Vanguard ETFs for Retirement 4 Retail REITs That Must Face the Music Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Might Have a Chink in Its Armor 3 Investments to Buy If the ‘Trump Trade’ Reverses Course Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Swift Transportation Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swift Transportation Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €101.00 Price Target Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Rating Lowered to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Swift Transportation Co (NYSE:SWFT) was downgraded by equities research analysts at Barclays PLC from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $24.00 price objective on the stock, down from their previous price objective of $29.00. Barclays PLC’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 22.57% from the stock’s previous close. SWFT has been the subject of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Swift Transportation from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $31.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Swift Transportation from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, December 17th. Wells Fargo & Co downgraded shares of Swift Transportation from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Seaport Global Securities began coverage on shares of Swift Transportation in a research note on Friday, December 16th. They set a “buy” rating and a $30.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Longbow Research raised shares of Swift Transportation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $26.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $24.77. Swift Transportation (NYSE:SWFT) opened at 19.58 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $21.57 and a 200-day moving average of $22.69. Swift Transportation has a 52 week low of $14.31 and a 52 week high of $27.18. The stock has a market cap of $2.61 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.80 and a beta of 1.71. Swift Transportation (NYSE:SWFT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.40. Swift Transportation had a net margin of 4.05% and a return on equity of 29.46%. The firm earned $1.04 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.04 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.53 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Swift Transportation will post $1.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/swift-transportation-co-swft-rating-lowered-to-equal-weight-at-barclays-plc.html. In other Swift Transportation news, Director Strategic Value Partners, Llc bought 805,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Sunday, January 22nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $28.50 per share, with a total value of $22,942,500.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 44.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Harvest Fund Management Co. Ltd acquired a new stake in Swift Transportation during the fourth quarter worth about $115,000. New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in Swift Transportation by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 6,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc. increased its stake in Swift Transportation by 42.2% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 6,662 shares of the company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 1,976 shares during the period. Fiera Capital Corp acquired a new stake in Swift Transportation during the fourth quarter worth about $200,000. Finally, Ellington Management Group LLC acquired a new stake in Swift Transportation during the fourth quarter worth about $212,000. 73.76% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Swift Transportation Company Profile Swift Transportation Company is a multi-faceted transportation services company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated fleets of truckload equipment in North America from over 40 terminals near key freight centers and traffic lanes. The Company’ segments include Truckload, Dedicated, Swift Refrigerated and Intermodal. Receive News & Ratings for Swift Transportation Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swift Transportation Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €101.00 Price Target Galapagos NV (GLPG) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Habit Restaurants Inc (HABT) Earns Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) Price Target Cut to $18.50 Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Price Target Cut to $44.00 Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) a €123.00 Price Target Andrew (Andy) Sukawaty Purchases 98 Shares of Sky Plc (SKY) Stock Zedge Inc (ZDGE) Director Sells $18,852.58 in Stock Perpetual Energy Inc. (PMT) Insider Sells C$21,060.00 in Stock Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Teck Resources (TECK.B) Allergan plc (AGN) Price Target Raised to $265.00 G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (GIII) Price Target Cut to $22.00 by Analysts at Cowen and Company Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Downgraded by Berenberg Bank to “Sell” March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank cut shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) to a sell rating in a research note published on Monday. They currently have GBX 55 ($0.69) price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on LLOY. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. They issued a neutral rating and a GBX 65 ($0.82) target price for the company. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 70 ($0.88) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 68 ($0.85) to GBX 70 ($0.88) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a sell rating and issued a GBX 52 ($0.65) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 58 ($0.73) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 69.91 ($0.88). Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 66.19 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 67.87 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 61.77. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 47.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 74.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 46.73 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Downgraded by Berenberg Bank to “Sell”” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy-downgraded-by-berenberg-bank-to-sell.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 2.20 ($0.03) per share. This is a boost from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 3.17%. In other Lloyds Banking Group PLC news, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.87), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($126,456.35). In the last three months, insiders have acquired 784 shares of company stock worth $52,758. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Must-Read Money Stories for Tuesday, March 28 by Timothy Johns March 28, 2017 Share this! The world’s largest gold coin, estimated to be worth $4.5 million, has been stolen in Berlin. (Photo from Flickr). Wall Street bullish on Snap Snap Inc., the maker of popular app Snapchat is enjoying a rush of love on Wall Street, according to Bloomberg. On Monday, banks including Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. issued a raft of “buy” or “neutral” ratings on the firm’s newly listed stock. The recommendations follow the expiration of a waiting period that prevented underwriters on the company’s $3.1 billion IPO earlier this month. Is the Trump bump over? Wall Street’s main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republicans pulled their Obamacare replacement bill last Friday, raising questions about President Trump’s ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda, reports CBS News. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 percent and the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 percent. The dollar, too, lost some of its luster and hit its lowest point since Nov. 11. Gold, a traditional safe haven, shot up to a one-month high. Investors will await their next clues on the economy from a slew of Fed officials due to speak later this week. Going for the gold At least one bad guy in Berlin was paying attention to the gold market. The world’s largest coin, a 221-pound behemoth called the Big Maple Leaf, was stolen overnight from the Bode Museum in Berlin, Germany, according to the New York Times. The coin measures about 21 inches in diameter—the size of a large serving platter—and more than an inch thick, with the head of Queen Elizabeth II on one side and a maple leaf on the other. Its face value is one million Canadian dollars, but by weight in gold alone, it is worth several times that amount. Experts estimate it could bring as much as $4.5 million at current market prices. Wells Fargo’s card-free ATMs Business Insider has reported that Wells Fargo is planning to roll out a smartphone ATM withdrawal feature, which will let customers access the machines without their cards. Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase were the first mega banks in the United States to add the feature to some of their ATM machines, but Wells Fargo will reportedly be the first major bank to upgrade its entire network, which includes 13,000 machines nationwide. The bank is hoping that its new digital features will lure customers in the wake of its recent fake application scandal. Get a quick snapshot of the day’s most newsworthy business stories in your mailbox each morning. It’s fast and free. Sign up here. Related Posts Must-Read Money Stories for Monday, March 27 business Must-Read Money Stories Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Explaining Community News to Your Community Share this!I was recently tapped by the Democratic Women of March 28, 2017 Must-Read Money Stories for Tuesday, March 28 Share this!Wall Street bullish on Snap Snap Inc., the maker March 28, 2017 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Get daily money story ideas when you get Must Read Money delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, March 29, 2017 3:02 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Citi applies for capital markets licence in Saudi Arabia, sources say Tuesday March 28, 2017 07:16 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: MyPetrol app helps you find the cheapest petrol The Edit: Meaty monkfish roasted to perfectioin The Edit: Bob Dylan keeps Sweden wondering about Nobel lecture Brazil first to qualify for 2018 World Cup after Uruguay upset Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work in the Citigroup booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York City. Citi applied for a licence to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia. ― Reuters picDUBAI, March 28 — Citigroup has formally applied for a licence to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a move to return to the country after an absence of nearly 13 years. The application has been made with Saudi Arabia’s Capital Market Authority (CMA), whose primary role is to regulate and develop the capital market in the oil-rich kingdom, the sources said. Investment opportunities in the kingdom are opening up as the government diversifies its economy away from oil under its National Transformation Plan. The government is also preparing to list up to 5 per cent of oil giant Saudi Aramco in an initial public share offering that could raise as much as US$100 billion (RM441.7 billion). Citi declined to comment on its Saudi plans. No one at the CMA was immediately available to comment. Citi is “positive” that it will gain a licence this year, a third source said. If successful, Citi could also pursue with the Saudi central bank permission for a full bank branch licence, potentially joining other banks such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank. After operating in the oil-rich kingdom for five decades, Citigroup pulled out of Saudi Arabia in 2004 when it sold its 20-per cent stake in Samba Financial Group, saying then it was reallocating capital to core investments. In 2015 it won permission from the Saudi Arabian regulator to invest directly in the local stock market, the first step towards returning to the country. Citi had approached bankers about potential jobs in anticipation of the bank gaining a licence and building a team in the kingdom, one of the sources said. Citi is not the only global bank looking to expand in Saudi Arabia. Credit Suisse is also seeking a banking licence, as it wants to build a fully-fledged onshore private banking business there, the bank told Reuters in an email in late February. Goldman Sachs is also exploring the possibility of gaining a licence from the CMA to conduct share sales and trading in Saudi Arabia, a source briefed on the plan said. The Wall Street bank has held preliminary talks with regulators, the source said. Bloomberg earlier reported Goldman’s plans. Goldman declined to comment on that report. “Saudi Arabia has ambitious plans to establish industries and privatise companies led by the Aramco initial public offering, which attracts a lot of attention of banks,” said Reinhold Leichtfuss, senior partner and managing director at The Boston Consulting Group’s Middle East office. “Saudi Arabia is also the biggest market in the Gulf in terms of population and corporates so it makes sense for banks to be there.” There are 13 licensed foreign bank branches in the kingdom, including Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, JPMorgan Chase and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, according to the central bank’s website. Citi chief executive Michael Corbat met with Saudi Arabia’s Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman earlier this month on a visit to the kingdom, in addition to Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Al Saud, a shareholder in the bank. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Activist targets GM share structure, board Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Ringgit trading shrivels offshore as crackdown deters investors Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Film festival opens in cinema-less Saudi Arabia Saudi cuts taxes on oil firms ahead of Aramco sale Saudi in ‘serious discussions’ with NYSE for Aramco IPO listing Saudi king’s Asia tour trumpets Aramco’s moves downstream Saudis study US$65b in China investments during King Salman’s trip Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jagged Peak Energy Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jagged Peak Energy Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BMO Capital Markets reissued their hold rating on shares of Jagged Peak Energy Inc (NYSE:JAG) in a report released on Wednesday. The firm currently has a $17.00 target price on the mining company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on JAG. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc started coverage on shares of Jagged Peak Energy in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They set a positive rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Jagged Peak Energy in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an overweight rating and a $23.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Jagged Peak Energy in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an outperform rating and a $23.00 price target for the company. KeyCorp started coverage on shares of Jagged Peak Energy in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an overweight rating and a $18.00 price target for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Jagged Peak Energy in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an outperform rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Jagged Peak Energy has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $19.00. Jagged Peak Energy (NYSE:JAG) opened at 11.85 on Wednesday. Jagged Peak Energy has a 12-month low of $11.67 and a 12-month high of $15.08. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $13.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.50. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.52 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/jagged-peak-energy-inc-jag-receives-hold-rating-from-bmo-capital-markets.html. In other Jagged Peak Energy news, Director John R. Sult acquired 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $15.00 per share, with a total value of $375,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 25,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $375,000. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Roger L. Jarvis acquired 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 27th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $14.15 per share, with a total value of $141,500.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at $141,500. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. About Jagged Peak Energy Jagged Peak Energy Inc is an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition and development of unconventional oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas reserves in the Southern Delaware Basin. The Company’s acreage is located on contiguous blocks in the adjacent counties of Winkler, Ward, Reeves and Pecos, with original oil-in-place within multiple stacked hydrocarbon-bearing formations. Receive News & Ratings for Jagged Peak Energy Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jagged Peak Energy Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Opinion Op-Ed Op-Ed Trump's Treasury secretary is an Artificial Intelligence denier Trump and Steven Mnuchin Evan Vucci / AP Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 22. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin listens at right as President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Feb. 22. (Evan Vucci / AP) Amy Webb Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last week made a dangerously ignorant prediction. When asked about the future of artificial intelligence, automation and the workforce, this was his reply: "It's not even on our radar screen,” he said at a media event, adding that significant workforce disruption due to AI is “50 to 100" years away. "I'm not worried at all" about robots displacing humans in the near future, Mnuchin said. "In fact I'm optimistic." The Trump administration has repeatedly rejected evidence-based research and objective analysis on issues that include climate and human biology. When confronted with a complicated technology, like machine learning, administration officials now appear to be rejecting curiosity, too. If Mnuchin was speaking in earnest, then we apparently have a Treasury secretary who, like the president he serves, does not read. To argue that we’re “50 to 100” years away from AI and automation tells us that Mnuchin took office without bothering to look over any of the economic studies or policy papers about the future of technology and the American workforce written during the past four decades. It means that, somehow, he’s missed thousands of news stories published in the American Spectator, the Economist, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, the National Review, this newspaper and elsewhere. It means that Mnuchin hasn’t even been paying attention to the future of his own industry –– otherwise he’d know that JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, in his 2016 annual letter to shareholders, cited AI as a significant threat to jobs in the banking sector. AI won’t just affect [truck drivers], of course, it will soon affect every worker who processes transactions, and that includes white collar jobs. Mnuchin’s statements also reveal that he is willfully and actively ignoring critical signals about our future. He suffers from the paradox of the present — the delusion that the way things are now will continue indefinitely. Because he lacks direct exposure to the enormously complicated AI ecosystem, he outright rejects its reality. Like his buddies in the Cabinet, he is obsessed with making America great again — with trying to rebuild the past. He is foolishly optimistic that we can all return to what’s familiar and comfortable. And yet here’s what we already know is on the horizon. The same week that President Trump climbed into the seat of a big rig wearing an “I ♥ TRUCKS” lapel pin, two autonomous trucking companies, Otto and Embark, were readying their driverless vehicles for the open road. The machine learning algorithms and sensors that power the autopilot capabilities in cars and trucks already exist today. In the near future, humans may still be needed to navigate local roads and parking lots, but it won’t take long — certainly not “50 to 100” years — before American truck drivers need to start looking for other work. And, yes, there are many possible roadblocks along the way to full autonomy — for example, government restrictions seeking to protect truckers’ jobs — but we’re speeding toward a scenario in which America’s 3.5 million professional truck drivers won’t be needed anymore. As an AI-denier, Mnuchin is also disregarding the millions of other jobs in adjacent industries that are at risk. Once we no longer have truck drivers, we’ll have no need for truck stops, which will hurt the bottom line of fast food chains, soda and water companies, vending machine operators, and even the restroom supply chain (toilet paper, soap, paper towels). With autonomous cars and trucks, we won’t need the Highway Patrol, either. Companies that supply radar guns will go under unless they find another product to produce. There will be a sharp decline in speeding and parking tickets issued, which will cut into city and state budgets. If we no longer have speeding tickets, we’ll have no need for traffic court — and all of the lawyers, judges, magistrates and clerks who currently earn their livings there. But AI won’t just affect driving, of course, it will soon affect every worker who processes transactions, and that includes white collar jobs. Already, machines are out-performing humans at storied investment banks like Goldman Sachs, where four traders can be replaced by one computer engineer and a handful of complex trading algorithms with machine-learning capabilities. According to a January study by the McKinsey Global Institute, nearly 23% of a lawyer’s job can be automated right now. Legal startup Ross, which leverages IBM Watson’s AI technology, takes just seconds to process a research request that would require a high-paid human lawyer 10 hours. AI will not obviate all jobs. As the ecosystem matures we will create millions of new jobs with titles that don’t yet exist: We’ll need medical data specialists, engineers who can securely encrypt the cloud, congressional staffers with technical expertise, skilled workers who know how to prevent and fix glitches in the system, even ethicists who will help machines learn to make decisions. It’s plausible that Mnuchin already knows all of this and was optimistic about our American grit and adaptability. Or maybe he is disconnected from reality. Or perhaps he was simply employing the Trump administration’s default position: placating the masses with a blanket assurance that everything will be OK. Regardless, you should be concerned. Amy Webb is the author of “The Signals Are Talking: Why Today’s Fringe Is Tomorrow’s Mainstream” and is the chief executive of the Future Today Institute. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions says the White House will crack down on 'sanctuary cities.' A renegade group of House lawmakers helped defeat the GOP healthcare plan. The Lakers and the Raiders shake up the sports world. Movie studios are pushing for earlier movie rentals. Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions says the White House will crack down on 'sanctuary cities.' A renegade group of House lawmakers helped defeat the GOP healthcare plan. The Lakers and the Raiders shake up the sports world. Movie studios are pushing for earlier movie rentals. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions says the White House will crack down on 'sanctuary cities.' A renegade group of House lawmakers helped defeat the GOP healthcare plan. The Lakers and the Raiders shake up the sports world. Movie studios are pushing for earlier movie rentals. Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions says the White House will crack down on 'sanctuary cities.' A renegade group of House lawmakers helped defeat the GOP healthcare plan. The Lakers and the Raiders shake up the sports world. Movie studios are pushing for earlier movie rentals. Caption Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions criticizes 'sanctuary cities' but offers no new policies Decrying the safety risk posed when cities don't cooperate with federal immigration authorities, Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions repeated previous statements that the Trump administration would seek to deny so-called sanctuary cities some federal grant funds, but offered no new policies. Decrying the safety risk posed when cities don't cooperate with federal immigration authorities, Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions repeated previous statements that the Trump administration would seek to deny so-called sanctuary cities some federal grant funds, but offered no new policies. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Reporters from OC Weekly say they were assaulted by Trump supporters at a Huntington Beach rally. An airstrike is believed to have killed more than 200 civilians in Mosul. Big Sur's broken bridge means a return to the quiet place it once was. Phoenix is getting hotter and drier, but doesn't have the resources to deal with climate change.    Reporters from OC Weekly say they were assaulted by Trump supporters at a Huntington Beach rally. An airstrike is believed to have killed more than 200 civilians in Mosul. Big Sur's broken bridge means a return to the quiet place it once was. Phoenix is getting hotter and drier, but doesn't have the resources to deal with climate change.    Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss The L.A. Marathon was a serious athletic event -- with a festive twist. The House hearing on Russian meddling produced two setbacks for Trump. Four L.A. County social workers must face trial in the horrific death of an 8-year-old boy, a judge ruled. An incident at a Huntington Beach restaurant has touched a nerve. L.A.'s sheriff has angered Trump over misgivings about getting involved in deportations. U.S. intelligence agencies inadvertently intercepted communications involving the Trump transition team. Immigrant advocates are preparing communities for the worst -- a raid or detention. The L.A. Marathon was a serious athletic event -- with a festive twist. The House hearing on Russian meddling produced two setbacks for Trump. Four L.A. County social workers must face trial in the horrific death of an 8-year-old boy, a judge ruled. An incident at a Huntington Beach restaurant has touched a nerve. L.A.'s sheriff has angered Trump over misgivings about getting involved in deportations. U.S. intelligence agencies inadvertently intercepted communications involving the Trump transition team. Immigrant advocates are preparing communities for the worst -- a raid or detention. Caption President Trump discusses canceling the vote on Affordable Care Act repeal President Trump addresses the cancellation of a vote Friday on the GOP's plan to overhaul the Affordable Care Act. President Trump addresses the cancellation of a vote Friday on the GOP's plan to overhaul the Affordable Care Act. Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook MORE FROM OPINION Note to Republicans: Drop the crusade against Planned Parenthood California was once a bastion of xenophobia and racism. If we can change, so can the rest of the country Who's to blame for Trump's failures? Must be Paul Ryan Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Medical Research Steven Mnuchin Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase & Co. Intellectually disabled Texan gets court reprieve over his death sentence Here's an easy way to fight L.A.'s traffic and boost transit ridership — reward commuters who don't drive Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 65°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pattern Energy Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €101.00 Price Target Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Pattern Energy Group Inc (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the eleven ratings firms that are covering the firm. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and six have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $24.33. A number of research analysts have issued reports on PEGI shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Pattern Energy Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Pattern Energy Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $26.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and set a $28.00 price target (down previously from $36.00) on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/pattern-energy-group-inc-pegi-receives-average-recommendation-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Shares of Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) opened at 20.30 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $20.25 and a 200 day moving average of $20.63. Pattern Energy Group has a 52-week low of $17.69 and a 52-week high of $25.13. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.77 billion. Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.00 by $0.16. Pattern Energy Group had a negative net margin of 7.83% and a positive return on equity of 0.16%. The business had revenue of $81.06 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.84 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.03 EPS. Pattern Energy Group’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Pattern Energy Group will post $0.06 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.4138 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 8.15%. This is a positive change from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. Pattern Energy Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently -428.95%. In other Pattern Energy Group news, Director Patricia S. Bellinger acquired 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $19.74 per share, for a total transaction of $59,220.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 17,738 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $350,148.12. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 1.79% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PEGI. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Pattern Energy Group during the fourth quarter worth $15,756,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new stake in Pattern Energy Group during the fourth quarter worth $416,000. American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. raised its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. now owns 23,380 shares of the company’s stock worth $444,000 after buying an additional 725 shares during the last quarter. Worth Venture Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Pattern Energy Group during the fourth quarter worth $498,000. Finally, Boothbay Fund Management LLC raised its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 29.8% in the fourth quarter. Boothbay Fund Management LLC now owns 24,227 shares of the company’s stock worth $460,000 after buying an additional 5,556 shares during the last quarter. Pattern Energy Group Company Profile Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. BT Group plc (BT) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley Inchcape plc (INCH) Upgraded by BNP Paribas to Outperform Lam Research’s (LRCX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has $10.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “Annual estimates for ArcelorMittal have been going up of late. ArcelorMittal has outperformed the Zacks categorized Steel-Producers industry over a year. The company should gain from its efforts to reduce debt, lower costs, expand capacity and improve efficiency. It is making a significant progress in its cost reduction initiatives under the Action 2020 program. Moreover, ArcelorMittal is looking to sell its non-core assets to focus on important operations and also expanding its advanced high strength steel product line.” MT has been the subject of a number of other reports. Commerzbank Ag raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a buy rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $7.03. ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) opened at 8.26 on Wednesday. ArcelorMittal SA has a 52 week low of $4.15 and a 52 week high of $9.37. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $8.74 and its 200 day moving average is $7.51. The company has a market capitalization of $25.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.32 and a beta of 2.06. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/arcelormittal-sa-mt-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of MT. Baird Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 15.8% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 16,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 2,286 shares during the last quarter. Scotia Capital Inc. acquired a new position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $137,000. Advisor Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA during the third quarter worth approximately $115,000. FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $182,000. Finally, Suntrust Banks Inc. acquired a new position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA during the third quarter worth approximately $181,000. 3.46% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ArcelorMittal SA Company Profile ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ArcelorMittal SA (MT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 38-58 We set you thinking Wednesday 29 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore A second shot at youth and intimacy 1490731500 World Ryanair calls on Britain to put aviation at top of Brexit agenda 1490770002 Entertainment Gay moment in Beauty And The Beast is ‘light’, says Malaysia 1490769402 World Japan’s startup founders are flocking to this seaside city in Japan 1490757360 China&India Investigation of accident at Hong Kong mall finds key components of escalator’s driving gear ‘all broken’ 1490768400 World Floods in Peru threaten to sweep away rich archaeological legacy - explorer 1490763416 World Army assesses damage after storm 'absolutely smashes' north Australia 1490764576 Business Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling cold shouldered on Brexit day 1490765363 World Please don’t call my husband ‘first gentleman’: HK’s chief executive-elect 1490763240 Voices Fare payment via Mastercard has room for improvement 1490765807 Singapore SUTD graduates receive higher starting pay compared to peers: Survey 1490765801 World Duterte offers authoritarianism as Philippine panacea 1490764621 World Strong quake of 6.9 magnitude hits Russia's far east: USGS 1490761704 Business Akzo shareholder Elliott says 25 percent of owners want talks: FD newspaper 1490762641 Tech Samsung faces ‘biggest test’ with Galaxy S8 launch 1490764305 Business Toshiba's Westinghouse to file for Chapter 11: Japan government 1490763430 Entertainment New arts festival director Kripalani to stay involved at SRT 1490731500 World Jokowi not trying to promote secularism in Indonesia: Party official 1490761260 Singapore Nothing fishy about this 1490731500 Business Changi sees increase in passenger and freight traffic for February year-on-year 1490761015 Entertainment Al Gore presents new trailer for An Inconvenient Sequel 1490761008 Sports Messi fined, banned for four internationals for insulting assistant referee 1490760420 Commentary Fake news tells more than just lies 1490731500 Singapore Trio arrested for impersonating police officers in S$70k scam 1490716920 Daily Focus More online addicts seek overseas boot camps to kick habit 1490731500 Singapore Doctors seek clearer rules on MCs for foreign workers 1490731500 China&India Trump, Xi expected to meet April 6-7 in Florida: Media reports 1490751120 Singapore About that time of the month 1490731500 World British PM May to fire starting gun on Brexit 1490742600 Singapore Kallang River set to get a facelift 1490755320 Singapore Record customer satisfaction levels achieved for service in 2016 1490758200 World Former MP, navy chief among Malaysians who had stakes in North Korean firm: Report 1490758004 World Johor Umno leader charged with consuming drugs at police HQ 1490757710 Singapore Train signalling trial goes smoothly; SMRT to hold another on Thursday 1490714100 World China says Taiwan man being investigated for endangering state 1490755179 World Former Mexican ruling party governor wanted over embezzlement 1490755791 Sports S'pore win clutch of silvers, bronzes on final day of SEA Youth Athletics C'ships 1490749440 World Cyclone-ravaged Australia like ‘a war zone’ 1490746560 Business Coming soon: New mall, GPO at SingPost Centre 1490731500 Sports Asian Cup: Lions dig deep to steal a draw against hosts Bahrain 1490749320 World Chinese anger, fears exposed in France after police killing 1490756204 World 10 police cars in 35km chase after two wanted men in Johor 1490755906 Entertainment The xx return with a show at the Indoor Stadium 1490753160 World Boeing airliner catches fire in Peru, no serious injuries reported 1490749535 World Cuba's Raul Castro attends interment of younger sister 1490749635 Business With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message 1490750213 Sports Offend it like Beckham: England star upsets Hong Kong 1490750512 World Australia holds emergency meeting with China after extradition treaty failure 1490747793 World Nicaragua restores diplomatic ties to Israel after 2010 break 1490747335 Business General Motors reaches deal with Argentine port operator to import cars 1490745966 Business Citi applies for capital markets license in Saudi Arabia: sources mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:00 PM, March 28, 2017 KHOBAR/DUBAI - Citigroup has formally applied for a license to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a move to return to the country after an absence of nearly 13 years. The application has been made with Saudi Arabia's Capital Market Authority (CMA), whose primary role is to regulate and develop the capital market in the oil-rich kingdom, the sources said. Investment opportunities in the kingdom are opening up as the government diversifies its economy away from oil under its National Transformation Plan. The government is also preparing to list up to 5 percent of oil giant Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] in an initial public share offering that could raise as much as $100 billion. Citi declined to comment on its Saudi plans. No one at the CMA was immediately available to comment. Citi is "positive" that it will gain a license this year, a third source said. If successful, Citi could also pursue with the Saudi central bank permission for a full bank branch license, potentially joining other banks such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank. After operating in the oil-rich kingdom for five decades, Citigroup pulled out of Saudi Arabia in 2004 when it sold its 20-percent stake in Samba Financial Group, saying then it was reallocating capital to core investments. In 2015 it won permission from the Saudi Arabian regulator to invest directly in the local stock market, the first step towards returning to the country. Citi had approached bankers about potential jobs in anticipation of the bank gaining a license and building a team in the kingdom, one of the sources said. Citi is not the only global bank looking to expand in Saudi Arabia. Credit Suisse is also seeking a banking license, as it wants to build a fully-fledged onshore private banking business there, the bank told Reuters in an email in late February. Goldman Sachs is also exploring the possibility of gaining a license from the CMA to conduct share sales and trading in Saudi Arabia, a source briefed on the plan said. The Wall Street bank has held preliminary talks with regulators, the source said. Bloomberg earlier reported Goldman's plans. Goldman declined to comment on that report. “Saudi Arabia has ambitious plans to establish industries and privatize companies led by the Aramco initial public offering, which attracts a lot of attention of banks," said Reinhold Leichtfuss, senior partner and managing director at The Boston Consulting Group's Middle East office. "Saudi Arabia is also the biggest market in the Gulf in terms of population and corporates so it makes sense for banks to be there.” There are 13 licensed foreign bank branches in the kingdom, including Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, JPMorgan Chase and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, according to the central bank's website. Citi chief executive Michael Corbat met with Saudi Arabia’s Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman earlier this month on a visit to the kingdom, in addition to Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Al Saud, a shareholder in the bank. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message Westinghouse woes could raise power bills in Georgia, South Carolina Wells Fargo to pay $110 million to settle lawsuit over account abuses Wells Fargo says flunked test for community lending Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust Wary of Trump, China launches EU charm offensive: diplomats Walmart announces plan to invest $800 million in Chile Inside Today World Ryanair calls on Britain to put aviation at top of Brexit agenda Duterte offers authoritarianism as Philippine panacea Army assesses damage after storm 'absolutely smashes' north Australia Floods in Peru threaten to sweep away rich archaeological legacy - explorer Please don’t call my husband ‘first gentleman’: HK’s chief executive-elect Business Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling cold shouldered on Brexit day Toshiba's Westinghouse to file for Chapter 11: Japan government Akzo shareholder Elliott says 25 percent of owners want talks: FD newspaper Changi sees increase in passenger and freight traffic for February year-on-year With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message Sports Messi fined, banned for four internationals for insulting assistant referee Offend it like Beckham: England star upsets Hong Kong S'pore win clutch of silvers, bronzes on final day of SEA Youth Athletics C'ships Asian Cup: Lions dig deep to steal a draw against hosts Bahrain Independent candidates Lim, Tan join forces for FAS polls Entertainment Gay moment in Beauty And The Beast is ‘light’, says Malaysia Al Gore presents new trailer for An Inconvenient Sequel The xx return with a show at the Indoor Stadium New arts festival director Kripalani to stay involved at SRT Nobel laureate writes disparaging play about Trump About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Citi applies for capital markets license in Saudi Arabia: sources Add to ... By Reem Shamseddine, Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold KHOBAR/DUBAI — Reuters Published Tuesday, Mar. 28, 2017 5:06AM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Mar. 28, 2017 5:34AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Citigroup has formally applied for a license to conduct capital markets business in Saudi Arabia, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a move to return to the country after an absence of nearly 13 years. The application has been made with Saudi Arabia's Capital Market Authority (CMA), whose primary role is to regulate and develop the capital market in the oil-rich kingdom, the sources said. Investment opportunities in the kingdom are opening up as the government diversifies its economy away from oil under its National Transformation Plan. The government is also preparing to list up to 5 percent of oil giant Saudi Aramco [IPO-ARMO.SE] in an initial public share offering that could raise as much as $100 billion. Citi declined to comment on its Saudi plans. No one at the CMA was immediately available to comment. Citi is "positive" that it will gain a license this year, a third source said. If successful, Citi could also pursue with the Saudi central bank permission for a full bank branch license, potentially joining other banks such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank. After operating in the oil-rich kingdom for five decades, Citigroup pulled out of Saudi Arabia in 2004 when it sold its 20-percent stake in Samba Financial Group, saying then it was reallocating capital to core investments. In 2015 it won permission from the Saudi Arabian regulator to invest directly in the local stock market, the first step towards returning to the country. Citi had approached bankers about potential jobs in anticipation of the bank gaining a license and building a team in the kingdom, one of the sources said. Citi is not the only global bank looking to expand in Saudi Arabia. Credit Suisse is also seeking a banking license, as it wants to build a fully-fledged onshore private banking business there, the bank told Reuters in an email in late February. Goldman Sachs is also exploring the possibility of gaining a license from the CMA to conduct share sales and trading in Saudi Arabia, a source briefed on the plan said. The Wall Street bank has held preliminary talks with regulators, the source said. Bloomberg earlier reported Goldman's plans. Goldman declined to comment on that report. “Saudi Arabia has ambitious plans to establish industries and privatize companies led by the Aramco initial public offering, which attracts a lot of attention of banks," said Reinhold Leichtfuss, senior partner and managing director at The Boston Consulting Group's Middle East office. "Saudi Arabia is also the biggest market in the Gulf in terms of population and corporates so it makes sense for banks to be there.” There are 13 licensed foreign bank branches in the kingdom, including Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, JPMorgan Chase and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, according to the central bank's website. Citi chief executive Michael Corbat met with Saudi Arabia’s Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman earlier this month on a visit to the kingdom, in addition to Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Al Saud, a shareholder in the bank. (Reporting by Reem Shamseddine in Khobar, Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold in Dubai; Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad in Riyadh; Editing by Mark Potter) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   C-NCitigroup Inc Latest Price$59.42 0.00 (0.00%) CS-NCredit Suisse Group AG Latest Price$15.09 0.00 (0.00%) DB-NDeutsche Bank AG Latest Price$17.38 0.00 (0.00%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$229.33 0.00 (0.00%) Updated March 28 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG Riyadh Citigroup Inc. Tom Arnold Saudi Aramco Saudi Arabia The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Deutsche Bank AG Dubai Credit Suisse Group AG Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Globe Drive Redesigned Mercedes coupe changes lanes without us touching the wheel News Thieves steal 100-kilogram gold coin worth millions Report on Business Markets on alert for 'Trump tantrum' News What is 'shuanggui', and why did it send this Chinese man to prison? News Opinion: 'Feminism looks very different to different people' Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four things millennials need to know about getting started as an investor News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station Report on Business Britain's new pound coin most secure 'in the world' Report on Business Two U.S. ETFs that offer low costs and good diversification News Calgary train driver returns lost purse with $1,300 News Hillary Clinton gives first post-election speech Life Chef Basics: See how easy falafel is to make at home with chef Matt DeMille ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive With increased computerization comes growing fear of hacking into cars Report on Business Female entrepreneurs tread into male-dominated world of tech startups More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Home Capital shares sink; a renewed push for lobbying transparency Arts Brilliant scholar Penelope Reed Doob had a passion for dance Most popular Liberal green light for Chinese takeover deal a turning point for Canada: experts March 29: Your daily horoscope Trump’s bid to reverse climate agenda puts pressure on Ottawa Intel chairman under fire, won't step down amid protests over Russia probe Rising housing costs may price many out of Vancouver: report X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Precision Drilling Corp’s (PDS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Ferrari (RACE) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Brokers Offer Predictions for Inogen Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (INGN) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) – Equities research analysts at Leerink Swann lifted their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Inogen in a note issued to investors on Monday. Leerink Swann analyst D. Antalffy now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.10 per share for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $0.09. Leerink Swann also issued estimates for Inogen’s Q2 2018 earnings at $0.38 EPS. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Inogen from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 target price on shares of Inogen and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Stifel Nicolaus upped their target price on shares of Inogen to $65.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Needham & Company LLC upped their target price on shares of Inogen from $78.00 to $83.00 and gave the company a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $72.60. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/brokers-offer-predictions-for-inogen-incs-q1-2017-earnings-ingn.html. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 75.90 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $71.32 and a 200-day moving average of $64.40. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.55 billion, a PE ratio of 78.25 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen has a 1-year low of $40.25 and a 1-year high of $79.94. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Inogen during the third quarter worth approximately $211,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of Inogen during the fourth quarter worth approximately $211,000. Trexquant Investment LP bought a new stake in shares of Inogen during the fourth quarter worth approximately $275,000. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 4.6% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 4,780 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $286,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. In other news, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total value of $184,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,833 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $356,917.05. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 5,105 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.31, for a total value of $333,407.55. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 31,851 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,080,188.81. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 51,358 shares of company stock valued at $3,394,316. 5.18% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device weighing approximately 4.8 or seven pounds. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Precision Drilling Corp’s (PDS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Ferrari (RACE) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued their sell rating on shares of Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has a $4.50 target price on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Windstream Holdings from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $8.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Deutsche Bank AG decreased their price target on shares of Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a hold rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of Windstream Holdings from an underperform rating to a hold rating and set a $7.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Citigroup Inc decreased their price target on shares of Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Windstream Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a neutral rating and a $7.00 target price on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Windstream Holdings currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $7.21. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) opened at 5.27 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.81 and its 200 day moving average is $7.79. Windstream Holdings has a 1-year low of $5.16 and a 1-year high of $10.45. The firm’s market cap is $512.71 million. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.94) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.63) by $0.31. The business had revenue of $1.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.34 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.41 EPS. Windstream Holdings’s quarterly revenue was down 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Windstream Holdings will post ($1.00) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reaffirms-sell-rating-for-windstream-holdings-inc-win.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 11.39%. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,596,000. WFG Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 17,811.2% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 30,449 shares of the company’s stock valued at $430,000 after buying an additional 30,279 shares in the last quarter. Numeric Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 48.0% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 123,392 shares of the company’s stock valued at $904,000 after buying an additional 39,992 shares in the last quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC increased its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 25.4% in the fourth quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 22,871 shares of the company’s stock valued at $168,000 after buying an additional 4,632 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP increased its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 2,297.8% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 834,741 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,119,000 after buying an additional 799,928 shares in the last quarter. Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Has $888,000 Stake in Citigroup Inc (C) Saia Inc (SAIA) Position Cut by Guggenheim Capital LLC FireEye Inc (FEYE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Buys 98 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in Astronics Co. (ATRO) Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Position Decreased by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 54,676 Shares of West Corp (WSTC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1,057,000 Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) JW Asset Management LLC Has $3,201,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Position Cut by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $176,000 Stake in EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) 400,000 Shares in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Acquired by Southpoint Capital Advisors LP Leuthold Group LLC Reduces Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 23,956 Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Care.com Inc (CRCM) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Investments LP FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Pagegroup PLC (LON: PAGE): 3/9/2017 – Pagegroup PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 360 ($4.52) to GBX 390 ($4.90). They now have an “underweight” rating on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Pagegroup PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 490 ($6.16) price target on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Pagegroup PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 410 ($5.15) to GBX 440 ($5.53). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Pagegroup PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 390 ($4.90) price target on the stock. 1/30/2017 – Pagegroup PLC had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 440 ($5.53) to GBX 490 ($6.16). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/30/2017 – Pagegroup PLC had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 410 ($5.15) price target on the stock. Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) opened at 419.70 on Tuesday. Pagegroup PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 156.30 and a 1-year high of GBX 444.20. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 426.60 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 390.68. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.30 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a dividend of GBX 8.23 ($0.10) per share. This represents a yield of 1.92%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Horizon National Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Precision Drilling Corp’s (PDS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Ferrari (RACE) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Horizon National Corp (FHN) to Hold March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “First Horizon’s shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Southeast Banks industry over the last six months. Higher legal costs resulting from numerous litigations are likely to weigh on the company’s profitability. Also, various regulatory issues are likely to restrict its business investments, leading to a rise in compliance costs. However, the company’s focus on cost control and efforts to strengthen its core Tennessee banking franchise bodes well for the long term growth. Also, its enhanced capital deployment activities are encouraging. Further, the recent interest rate hikes by the Fed has eased the pressure on margin to some extent.” Several other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. JMP Securities began coverage on shares of First Horizon National Corp in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of First Horizon National Corp from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of First Horizon National Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of First Horizon National Corp from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Barclays PLC lifted their price target on shares of First Horizon National Corp from $16.00 to $20.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.57. Shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) opened at 18.06 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $4.22 billion, a PE ratio of 19.21 and a beta of 1.17. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $19.55 and a 200-day moving average of $18.19. First Horizon National Corp has a 52 week low of $12.46 and a 52 week high of $20.84. First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $0.23 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.25 by $0.02. First Horizon National Corp had a net margin of 16.57% and a return on equity of 8.73%. The firm had revenue of $319.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $330.89 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.21 EPS. First Horizon National Corp’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that First Horizon National Corp will post $1.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be given a dividend of $0.09 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.99%. This is a boost from First Horizon National Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.07. First Horizon National Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.79%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-first-horizon-national-corp-fhn-to-hold.html. In other news, EVP John M. Daniel sold 28,987 shares of First Horizon National Corp stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.96, for a total transaction of $578,580.52. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 259,042 shares in the company, valued at $5,170,478.32. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in FHN. State Street Corp boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 10,994,845 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $220,000,000 after buying an additional 645,042 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 5.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 9,057,078 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $137,939,000 after buying an additional 479,504 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 21.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,895,097 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $135,472,000 after buying an additional 1,545,151 shares during the last quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 4,571,230 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $91,470,000 after buying an additional 303,799 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 404.0% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 4,175,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $83,546,000 after buying an additional 3,346,800 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.70% of the company’s stock. About First Horizon National Corp First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) is a bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank National Association (the Bank). The Company has four segments: regional banking, fixed income, corporate and non-strategic. The Company’s regional banking segment offers financial products and services, including traditional lending and deposit taking, to retail and commercial customers in Tennessee and other selected markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on First Horizon National Corp (FHN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for First Horizon National Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Buys 98 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in Astronics Co. (ATRO) Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Position Decreased by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 54,676 Shares of West Corp (WSTC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1,057,000 Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) JW Asset Management LLC Has $3,201,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Position Cut by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $176,000 Stake in EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) 400,000 Shares in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Acquired by Southpoint Capital Advisors LP Leuthold Group LLC Reduces Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 23,956 Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Care.com Inc (CRCM) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Investments LP FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Access National Co. (ANCX) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Scotiabank Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Tudor Pickering Begins Coverage on Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) in a report published on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 415 ($5.22) target price on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Macquarie boosted their price target on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 350 ($4.40) to GBX 360 ($4.52) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 384 ($4.83) price target on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 350 ($4.40) to GBX 385 ($4.84) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 340 ($4.27) price target on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 389 ($4.89). Shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 334.25 on Wednesday. Arrow Global Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 168.66 and a one year high of GBX 344.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 582.84 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 318.22 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 301.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/arrow-global-group-plc-arw-rating-reiterated-by-numis-securities-ltd.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a GBX 6.40 ($0.08) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This is a boost from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. This represents a yield of 1.97%. In related news, insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($4.07), for a total value of £437,678.64 ($550,054.84). Over the last three months, insiders purchased 150 shares of company stock worth $47,700. Arrow Global Group PLC Company Profile Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /columns/29 March 2017. 8am /columns/29 March 2017. 8am /columns/29 March 2017. 8am /columns/29 March 2017. 8am Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets finished in negative territory yesterday, dragged down by losses in commodity and banking sector stocks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:11 28 Mar 2017 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished in negative territory yesterday, dragged down by losses in commodity and banking sector stocks. Miners, BHP Billiton, Glencore and Antofagasta declined 3.9%, 4.4% and 4.7%, respectively, tracking losses in base metals prices. Lenders, HSBC Holdings, Barclays and Lloyds Banking Group dropped 0.3%, 1.2% and 1.6%, respectively. BT Group slid 0.2%, after the company was fined £42.0 million by the UK’s communications regulator over contract and regulatory breaches by its infrastructure business, Openreach. Bucking the trend, Hurricane Energy soared 8.8%, after the oil exploration firm announced that it had made the “largest undeveloped discovery” of oil in UK waters. Precious metal miners, Randgold Resources and Fresnillo added 0.2% and 0.3%, respectively, amid gains in gold prices. The FTSE 100 declined 0.6%, to close at 7,293.5, while the FTSE 250 fell 0.4%, to settle at 18,900.0. US Market Snapshot US markets closed mostly lower yesterday, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 indices posting losses, weighed down by a slump in financial sector stocks. Banks, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs Group declined 0.1%, 0.4% and 1.3%, respectively. On the positive side, Priceline Group, Netflix and Tesla climbed 1.1%, 1.4% and 2.7%, respectively. Apple gained 0.2%, after a Chinese court overturned a ruling against the company held by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Services over patent infringement case. Amazon.com added 0.1%. The company’s bid to acquire the Middle East’s largest online retailer, Souq.com was challenged by Dubai’s Emaar Malls after it made an $800.0 million offer for Souq. The S&P 500 slipped 0.1%, to settle at 2,341.6. The DJIA shed 0.2%, to settle at 20,551.0, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.2% to close at 5,840.4. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the red yesterday, on concerns that Donald Trump may not be able to push through his reforms. Steel makers, voestalpine, Outokumpu and ArcelorMittal dipped 2.4%, 3.8% and 4.9%, respectively. Software dropped 1.3%, after the company announced that it had acquired Cumulocity GmbH, to extend its Internet of Things (IoT) technology leadership. Zurich Insurance Group shed 1.2%. The insurer denied reports which stated that it could issue new shares to raise its capital. Banks, BNP Paribas, Societe Generale and UBS Group slipped 0.2%, 0.4% and 0.6%, respectively. On the flipside, Ferrari advanced 2.9%, after its victory in the Australian Formula One Grand Prix helped it to regain the top spot. The FTSEurofirst 300 index declined 0.4%, to close at 1,479.1. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slid 0.6%, to close at 11,996.1, while the French CAC-40 fell 0.1%, to settle at 5,017.4. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning, amid a rise in crude oil prices. In Japan, oil companies, JX Holdings, Showa Shell Sekiyu KK and Inpex have advanced 1.8%, 2.4% and 3.0%, respectively. Exporters, Toyota Motor, Mazda Motor and Panasonic have gained 0.9%, 1.8% and 2.9%, respectively. In Hong Kong, gaming stocks, Galaxy Entertainment Group and Melco International Development have jumped 2.9% and 5.1%, respectively. However, China Southern Airlines has declined 2.2%. The company inked a deal to sell its share to American Airlines at a premium of 4.6%. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics, POSCO and LG Chem have added 0.8%, 1.5% and 2.8%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 1.1% higher at 19,189.4. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.5% up at 24,306.0, while the Kospi index is trading 0.2% higher at 2,161.0. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Chenavari Capital Solutions Limited Red, 7digital Group Interim Dividend Payment Date BHP Billiton Trading Announcements Thomas Cook Group, United Utilities Group Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Adept4, Amino Technologies, Angus Energy, MCB Bank Ltd GDR (Reg S), St. Modwen Properties EGMs Fair Oaks Income Fund Limited Final Dividend Payment Date Blackrock Throgmorton Trust, CC Japan Income & Growth Trust Interim Dividend Payment Date Beazley Special Dividend Payment Date Beazley Trading Announcements Stagecoach Group, TUI AG Reg Shs (DI) Key Economic News Euro-zone three-month average of M3 money supply advanced in the December-February 2017 period In the December-February 2017 period, on a YoY basis, the three-month average of M3 money supply in the Euro-zone climbed 4.90%. The three-month average of M3 money supply had risen 5.00% in the November-January 2017 period. Euro-zone M3 money supply advanced less than expected in February On a YoY basis, in the Euro-zone, M3 money supply recorded a rise of 4.70% in February, lower than market expectations for an advance of 4.90%. M3 money supply had climbed by a revised 4.80% in the prior month. German Ifo business climate index unexpectedly rose in March The Ifo business climate index climbed unexpectedly to 112.30 in Germany, in March, compared to market expectations of an unchanged reading. The Ifo business climate index had recorded a revised level of 111.10 in the previous month. German Ifo current assessment index unexpectedly advanced in March The Ifo current assessment index advanced unexpectedly to 119.30 in March, in Germany, compared to market expectations of a drop to 118.30. In the previous month, the Ifo current assessment index had recorded a reading of 118.40. German Ifo business expectations index rose in March In Germany, the Ifo business expectations index registered a rise to 105.70 in March, compared to a revised reading of 104.20 in the previous month. Market expectation was for the Ifo business expectations index to advance to 104.30. US Dallas Fed manufacturing business index slid in March In March, the Dallas Fed manufacturing business index registered a drop to 16.90 in the US, lower than market expectations of a fall to 22.00. In the prior month, the Dallas Fed manufacturing business index had recorded a reading of 24.50. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 43 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 29, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 29, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 43 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Congress between banks and retailers on fee rule By ELIZABETH DEXHEIMER Bloomberg News First Published Mar 28 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Mar 28 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article Congressional Republicans are eager to overhaul the Dodd-Frank financial law. One part, however, they wouldn't mind putting off. That's the provision that limits how much money debit-card companies are allowed to collect from each consumer sale. Generally speaking, banks are against the limit and retailers are in favor. Persuading Congress to change the 2010 banking law is a longshot, but that's not stopping both industries from spending millions to remind lawmakers, sometimes multiple times a day, that a vote the other way will displease them. Titans such as JPMorgan Chase, who say they use revenue from so-called swipe fees to beef up cybersecurity and offer rewards programs, contend the government shouldn't set prices. Behemoths like Wal-Mart Stores, who say lower fees translate to lower prices, argue the credit-card industry operates like a monopoly and needs more regulation. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The years-long lobbying fight has been reinvigorated by President Donald Trump's call to rip up financial rules. Stuck in the middle are lawmakers from both parties who prefer cordial relations, and campaign contributions, from both sides. "This is like choosing between children," said Issac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. "It's brutal for everyone involved." Swipe fees, also known as interchange fees, are set by Visa Inc. and MasterCard Inc., but most of the money goes to banks. A provision of the Dodd-Frank law added by Illinois Democratic Sen. Richard Durbin capped fees for debit cards at about 24 cents per transaction while leaving credit cards alone. Before the Durbin amendment, the average swipe fee for debits was about 44 cents. That means the measure has cost the banking industry $9 billion in revenue, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs. Other rules in Dodd-Frank, such as the Volcker Rule restricting bank trading and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, get more attention. The Durbin amendment, however, is probably disliked most by banks. Many Republicans and Democrats agree on one thing about swipe-fee limits: they're a pain in the neck. "This issue always makes me grumpy," said Rep. Jim Himes, a Connecticut Democrat and former Goldman Sachs banker. "I'm being forced to choose between the competing interests of two big industries." "We're listening to everyone," said Scott Tipton, a Colorado Republican. "This is an ongoing issue." "We haven't taken a position on this yet," said Rep. Claudia Tenney, a Republican from New York. "If you contact our office, we'll talk to you about that at another time when I'm prepared to talk about that," said Texas Democrat Al Green. A major annoyance for elected officials: the 4.7 million stores and restaurants across the country that accept debit cards and the 5,000 commercial banks that issue them. The vast numbers increase the odds that in each of the country's 435 congressional districts, regardless of the outcome of the vote, someone will be pitching a fit. Making changes to Dodd-Frank won't be quick or easy, especially with Congress distracted by tax reform and infrastructure. The battle has been going on for years in court, too, with retailers squaring off against Visa and MasterCard over interchange fees. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES 'No one is really saying he's guilty,' says victim after ex-Mormon bishop allowed to go free followi Will the Word of Wisdom ever change? Sen. Orrin Hatch would consider stepping aside for Mitt Romney Kirby: All in favor of voting yes on every Mormon sustaining? Not me. Real Salt Lake to name Mike Petke new head coach on Wednesday, sources say ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coty Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Intel Co. (INTC) Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) PLC (MAB1) Raises Dividend to GBX 10.50 Per Share Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Coty Inc (COTY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the fourteen ratings firms that are presently covering the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $23.46. A number of brokerages have commented on COTY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Coty in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “underweight” rating and a $16.00 price objective on the stock. B. Riley restated a “neutral” rating and set a $18.50 price objective on shares of Coty in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut Coty from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Barclays PLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on shares of Coty in a research note on Sunday, February 12th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reduced their price objective on Coty from $23.00 to $22.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. In other news, insider Sebastien Froidefond acquired 32,300 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.50 per share, with a total value of $597,550.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 49,179 shares in the company, valued at $909,811.50. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Greerson Greene Mcmullen acquired 40,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 10th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.50 per share, with a total value of $749,250.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now owns 40,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $749,250. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 4,248,307 shares of company stock worth $78,918,928. Corporate insiders own 16.10% of the company’s stock. An institutional investor recently bought a new position in Coty stock. Marlowe Partners LP acquired a new stake in shares of Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor acquired 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,160,000. Coty makes up 0.8% of Marlowe Partners LP’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. 38.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/coty-inc-coty-receives-consensus-rating-of-hold-from-analysts.html. Shares of Coty (NYSE:COTY) opened at 18.26 on Thursday. The firm’s market capitalization is $13.64 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $18.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $20.31. Coty has a 12 month low of $17.94 and a 12 month high of $31.60. Coty (NYSE:COTY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $2.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.37 billion. Coty had a positive return on equity of 13.87% and a negative net margin of 0.20%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 89.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.38 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Coty will post $0.77 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 28th were given a dividend of $0.125 per share. This represents a $0.50 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.74%. The ex-dividend date was Friday, February 24th. Coty’s payout ratio is -118.18%. Coty Company Profile Coty Inc is a beauty company. The Company operates through four segments: Fragrances, Color Cosmetics, Skin & Body Care and Brazil Acquisition. Its fragrance products include a range of men’s and women’s products. Its fragrance brands include Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Davidoff, Chloe, Balenciaga, Beyonce, Bottega Veneta, Miu Miu and Roberto Cavalli. Receive News & Ratings for Coty Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ABB Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) ABB’s (ABB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. A number of other analysts have also issued reports on the company. Royal Bank of Canada raised ABB from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Bank of America Corp raised ABB from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Nordea Equity Research raised ABB from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of ABB in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of ABB in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $24.38. Shares of ABB (NYSE:ABB) opened at 23.37 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $49.98 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.65 and a beta of 1.23. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $22.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.08. ABB has a 1-year low of $18.72 and a 1-year high of $23.90. ABB (NYSE:ABB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $8.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.93 billion. ABB had a return on equity of 18.00% and a net margin of 5.80%. The business’s revenue was down 2.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.35 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that ABB will post $1.19 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/abbs-abb-buy-rating-reiterated-at-morgan-stanley.html. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a dividend of $0.7546 per share. This represents a yield of 3.28%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 18th. ABB’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 79.35%. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Eqis Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in ABB during the third quarter worth $383,000. Fisher Asset Management LLC raised its position in ABB by 92.8% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 704,153 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,851,000 after buying an additional 338,922 shares during the period. Creative Planning raised its position in ABB by 146.4% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 28,324 shares of the company’s stock worth $638,000 after buying an additional 16,830 shares during the period. Keystone Financial Planning Inc. raised its position in ABB by 1.2% in the third quarter. Keystone Financial Planning Inc. now owns 230,835 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,196,000 after buying an additional 2,702 shares during the period. Finally, Ronald Blue & Co. LLC bought a new position in ABB during the third quarter worth $216,000. 3.08% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About ABB ABB Ltd (ABB) is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation, Power Grids, and Corporate and Other. It operates through four divisions: Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation and Power Grids. It is engaged in serving customers in utilities, industry and transport and infrastructure. Receive News & Ratings for ABB Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (CCO) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages RWE AG (RWEOY) Lowered to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. HB Fuller Co (FUL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Danaos Co. (DAC) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC ALLETE Inc (ALE) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Daimler AG (DAI) Receives “Buy” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. BT Group plc (BT) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Morgan Stanley Inchcape plc (INCH) Upgraded by BNP Paribas to Outperform Lam Research’s (LRCX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $407.55 Average PT from Analysts March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the fourteen analysts that are presently covering the company. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and seven have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $407.55. Several analysts have issued reports on BLK shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut BlackRock from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $410.00 to $403.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Barclays PLC cut their price objective on BlackRock from $411.00 to $396.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Citigroup Inc increased their price target on BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $464.00 price target on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Shares of BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) opened at 375.00 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $61.17 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.70 and a beta of 1.72. BlackRock has a 1-year low of $317.60 and a 1-year high of $399.46. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $384.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $373.17. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The company reported $5.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $5.02 by $0.12. BlackRock had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 28.44%. The firm had revenue of $2.89 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.93 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $4.75 earnings per share. BlackRock’s revenue for the quarter was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that BlackRock will post $21.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 23rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 6th were given a $2.50 dividend. This is a boost from BlackRock’s previous quarterly dividend of $2.29. This represents a $10.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.67%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. BlackRock’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 48.11%. In related news, insider J. Richard Kushel sold 8,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $374.92, for a total value of $3,214,189.16. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CFO Gary Shedlin sold 2,417 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $375.00, for a total value of $906,375.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 26,614 shares of company stock worth $10,014,028. 2.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of BLK. Williams Jones & Associates LLC boosted its stake in BlackRock by 30.9% in the second quarter. Williams Jones & Associates LLC now owns 1,058 shares of the company’s stock valued at $362,000 after buying an additional 250 shares in the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in BlackRock by 3.5% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 61,714 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,139,000 after buying an additional 2,059 shares in the last quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in BlackRock during the third quarter valued at approximately $227,000. Naples Global Advisors LLC boosted its stake in BlackRock by 3.3% in the third quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC now owns 4,931 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,787,000 after buying an additional 156 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Fisher Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in BlackRock by 2.5% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 72,061 shares of the company’s stock valued at $26,119,000 after buying an additional 1,740 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.82% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/blackrock-inc-blk-receives-407-55-average-pt-from-analysts.html. About BlackRock BlackRock, Inc is an investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients across the world. Its offerings include single and multi-asset class portfolios investing in equities, fixed income, alternatives and money market instruments. Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vereit Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FireEye Inc (FEYE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Buys 98 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in Astronics Co. (ATRO) Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Position Decreased by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 54,676 Shares of West Corp (WSTC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1,057,000 Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) JW Asset Management LLC Has $3,201,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Position Cut by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $176,000 Stake in EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) 400,000 Shares in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Acquired by Southpoint Capital Advisors LP Leuthold Group LLC Reduces Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 23,956 Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Care.com Inc (CRCM) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Investments LP FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Access National Co. (ANCX) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Scotiabank Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Vereit Inc (VER) a $10.00 Price Target March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BMO Capital Markets set a $10.00 target price on Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER) in a report issued on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on VER. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Vereit from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. JMP Securities raised shares of Vereit from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a hold rating and set a $11.00 price objective on shares of Vereit in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Bank of America Corp cut shares of Vereit from a neutral rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $9.89. Shares of Vereit (NYSE:VER) opened at 8.47 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is $8.25 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $8.65 and its 200 day moving average is $8.90. Vereit has a 1-year low of $7.99 and a 1-year high of $11.09. Vereit (NYSE:VER) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.17 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.01) by $0.18. Vereit had a negative net margin of 18.02% and a negative return on equity of 3.12%. The company earned $351.87 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $309.69 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.20 EPS. Vereit’s revenue was down 8.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Vereit will post $0.02 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Vereit Inc (VER) a $10.00 Price Target” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/bmo-capital-markets-analysts-give-vereit-inc-ver-a-10-00-price-target.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.138 dividend. This is a boost from Vereit’s previous dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Vereit’s dividend payout ratio is -141.02%. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of VER. Private Advisor Group LLC boosted its stake in Vereit by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 11,517 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 576 shares during the period. Trust Co. of Vermont boosted its stake in Vereit by 152.5% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 10,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. ClariVest Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Vereit during the third quarter valued at $110,000. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC purchased a new stake in Vereit during the fourth quarter valued at $110,000. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in Vereit by 8.1% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 11,203 shares of the company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 837 shares during the period. 82.54% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Vereit VEREIT, Inc is a full-service real estate operating company. The Company operates through two business segments: real estate investment (REI) segment and investment management segment, Cole Capital. As of December 31, 2016, through its REI segment, the Company owned and managed a portfolio of 4,142 retail, restaurant, office and industrial real estate properties with an aggregate of 93.3 million square feet, which are located in 49 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Vereit Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Wednesday, March 29, 2017. Nisan 2, 5777 Time in Israel: 10:02 AM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business Israeli Advertisers Not Eager To Act on Boycott of YouTube Only a handful of overseas companies have barred local ads. Nati Tucker Mar 28, 2017 12:39 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon The YouTube website. Richard Vogel/AP The boycott of YouTube by multinationals who don’t want their ads being paired with offensive content hasn’t spread to Israel, although some global firms have pulled Israeli advertising from the platform. YouTube’s parent company, Google, has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside YouTube videos carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed to overhaul its practices, and said last week it began an extensive review of its advertising policies. British brands like HSBC and Marks & Spencer were the first to pull advertising from the site, early last week. They’ve been joined by a host of U.S. advertisers including Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase & Company. But Israeli advertisers, who spend from 100 million to 120 million shekels ($28 million to $33 million) a year on YouTube ads, are still sitting on the fence, industry sources said. “It’s amazing that international companies are a lot more sensitive to anti-Semitic content and rushed to cancel ads, while Israeli companies of all things keep on advertising,” said one Israeli marketing executive who asked not to be named. The few exceptions are companies like Osem, a wholly owned unit of Swiss food maker Nestle, which was instructed by its parent company to stop advertising on YouTube and other Google outlets. “We are in constant contact to ensure a solution for filtering inappropriate content on the network. Until a solution is found, advertising by Osem on Google is suspended,” an Osem spokesman said. Some foreign firms that advertise in Hebrew for the Israeli market have also told local ad agencies and media buyers to pull YouTube ads. “I got unambiguous instructions,” the executive said. “I was told not to talk about it but to stop immediately all advertising on YouTube in all categories.” YouTube’s troubles prompted Artimedia, which aggregates local videos and carries advertising, to boycott YouTube, saying they could find their messages appearing next to content that is racist and inciting violence. A spokesman for Google Israel said the company was overhauling its policies. “We have begun a thorough review of our advertising policies and we publicly committed to implementing changes that will give brands better control over where their ads appear. We’re also raising the bar on our ad policies to better protect our advertiser brands.”   Nati Tucker Haaretz Contributor Nati Tucker Send me email alerts for new articles by Nati Tucker Send Close Email * Please enter your email Nati Tucker For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Nati Tucker Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Israel's Settlers Are Beginning to Miss Obama Does the Political Scientist Who Foresaw the Trump Era Still Believe in Democracy's Future? The Jewish Voice at the Heart of the Boycott Israel Movement Left-Wing Lawmaker Blasted for Protesting Occupation Outside AIPAC 50 Shades of Benjamin Netanyahu's Gray-ish Hair By Haaretz19 hours ago U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns By Gili Cohen38 minutes ago 3 comments 3 Israeli Air Force Holds Joint Exercise With United Arab Emirates, U.S. and Italy By Gili Cohen16 hours ago Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor By Chemi Shalev16 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Promoted content Smurfette Latest Victim of Israel's ultra-Orthodox Modesty Wars By Nirit Anderman15 hours ago 1 comments 1 U.S. Jewish Leaders Have Been Quietly Warning Israel Against Trump Russian State Bank Confirms Jared Kushner Met Its Executives By Reuters21 hours ago Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Security & Aviation Hamas Faces Dilemma After Accusing Israel of Killing Top Militant in Gaza Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Assassins of Top Hamas Militant Arrived by Sea, Gaza Reports Say Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says skip - Subscribe element skip - Read Now: U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests ICYMI Scroll back Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor Auschwitz Shuts Down After Nude Protesters Slaughter Sheep, Chain Selves to Gate Mossad Turned French Spies Into Double Agents After Joint Syria Op Flynn May Have Turned on Trump, Becomes FBI Informant, CNN Analyst Suggests This Canadian Model Is a Comedy Sensation in Israel Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says This Israeli Anchorwoman Is Terrifying Netanyahu Report: Israel Is Eighth Most Powerful Country in the World Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Vice Co-founder Lists the '10 Things He Hates the Most About Jews' Mark Twain's Trumpian Book on the Holy Land Elite Nazi-allied Order: Trump Adviser Is Sworn Member I Arrive in Israel on March 21. Arrest Me Explained: What Just Happened Between Turkey and the Netherlands Secret Doc Reveals Israel Expelled Gazans After Six-Day War Next War With Lebanon Must Hit Civilians Where It Hurts, Bennett Says Richard Gere to Haaretz: The Occupation Is Indefensible Children Find a Treasure in Holocaust Survivors' Suitcase Locked for Decades Crusader Shipwreck, Gold Found by Diving Archaeologists in Israel Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - new Analytics skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas Singapore The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas Business The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas Malaysia The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas Asia The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas World The Nation/ANN Thai PM Prayut kills proposal for new national oil company The Straits Times Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert The Straits Times Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities The Straits Times Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned The Business Times Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Few set up trust fund to care for kin with disabilities Policy changes needed to develop cyber-security ecosystem: Expert Details of ex-worker given on WhatsApp; firm warned Softening of medical tourism nudges health groups overseas 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' cast reunites in one pic A TV that doubles as wall art? Samsung seeks to redefine television Fatal floods blamed on deforestation in Indonesia UOB to expand board from 9 to 12 members Medisave allowed in hospitals overseas UOB chief takes home less money for 2nd year running URA probes barriers at Clifford Pier Make sure bus, train fare increases are tied to service improvements Asia Reuters Wednesday, Mar 29, 2017 Share this article News PostPurchase this article for republication. Tags Fosun CHINA Asia China's Fosun says co-founder steps down in surprise reshuffle Reuters | Wednesday, Mar 29, 2017 A view of the headquarters of Shanghai Fosun Pharma Group in Shanghai Photo: Reuters Reuters Wednesday, Mar 29, 2017 HONG KONG - Fosun International Ltd , one of China's most aggressively acquisitive conglomerates, said late on Tuesday that its co-founder and chief executive would step down in a broader reshuffle announced alongside annual earnings. The leisure-to-insurance group, one of China's largest privately held firms, said in a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange that Liang Xinjun had resigned for health reasons. It gave no further details. Senior vice-president Ding Guoqi also stepped down from the group. Read also: China calls for explanation after Paris police shoot dead Chinese man Liang has been a public face of Fosun, particularly around the battle for French leisure group Club Med. He founded Fosun in 1992 with chairman Guo Guangchang and a handful of others, with the aim of emulating the strategy of US investor Warren Buffet, using insurance cash for more lucrative investments. For Fosun, that has included bets on everything from Portuguese insurance to One Chase Manhattan Plaza, the headquarters of JPMorgan, bought in 2013. Fosun said in the statement that its net profit rose 28 per cent to a record high of over 10 billion yuan (S$2 billion). In the Tuesday statement Guo emphasised the group's strategy to contain funding costs while investing heavily in new technologies, including artificial intelligence and automation. Sign up for our e-newsletter now! Get all the latest news, lifestyle and trending stories, delivered to your inbox! Name Email Address I have read and accept the Privacy Policy Please wait No comments yet. Be the first to post comment. follow us SHOPPING Lenovo Ideapad Now On Sale! Check Out Now! LG 360 VR Headset Now On Sale! Get $10 coupon + 20X Rewards with Citi Rewards Card iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street posts sharp gains, fuelled by strong consumer data Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Mar 29, 2017 | 5:18am IST Wall Street posts sharp gains, fuelled by strong consumer data By Lewis Krauskopf U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labour market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fuelled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector .SPSY jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Bank of America (BAC.N) giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares .SPNY gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices CLc1. The Dow Jones Transport Average .DJT, seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple (AAPL.O) rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors (GM.N) rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla (TSLA.O) rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings (0700.HK) had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for $1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants (DRI.N) jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Dan Grebler) A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly/File Photo Next In Money News Rupee near 1-1/2 year high; Sensex up on foreign flows The rupee hit its strongest level against the dollar in nearly 1-1/2 years while shares edged up on Wednesday as strong foreign investments into the country continued, although broader gains were capped ahead of earnings results. India's economic data not politically influenced, Arvind Subramanian says HONG KONG India's chief economic adviser rejected the notion that official data was politically influenced as "utter nonsense", after surprisingly strong growth in the wake of a government ban on high denomination bank notes caused raised eyebrows among independent analysts. Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling cold shouldered on Brexit day SYDNEY Asian shares inched ahead on Wednesday while the dollar and commodities held gains as investors shook off disappointment about U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare bill and focussed on an improving outlook for global growth. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India's economic data not politically influenced, Arvind Subramanian says Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
BREAKING NEWS: �Radd-ul-Fasaad will bring long-term stability, peace to Pakistan: COAS … CPEC: Framing the right policy issues … Tourism: Need for central coordination … Can Pakistan grow muscle on meat exports? … Rice export blues … Trump's funding request for US border wall hits snag among some Republicans � … US Fed's Fischer worried by possible rise of protectionism � … US stocks shake slump on consumer data, higher oil � … PML-N to win election 2018 due to performance: Talal … Senate to vote April 7 on US Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch � � … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy  Radd-ul-Fasaad will bring long-term stability, peace.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 11:58 PML-N to win election 2018 due.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 02:50 SECP approves recommendations of committee on.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 01:50 Country to meet electricity requirements by.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 01:24 PML-N follows reconciliation policy with democratic.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 01:18 CM announces Rs25bn package for Lodhran.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 01:08 PML-N welcomes PM’s development projects in.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 00:59 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Trump’s funding request for US border.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 04:09 Senate to vote April 7 on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 02:41 ‘Monster’ cyclone Debbie batters northeast Australia.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 02:23 French candidate Fillon’s wife charged in.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 02:18 North Korea could be in final.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 01:10 Gorsuch faces uphill climb for US.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:49 Argentina posts February trade deficit .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:38 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate US Fed’s Fischer worried by possible.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 03:25 Swiss National Bank can’t raise rates.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 01:16 ECB replaces Brussels head, annuls four.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:59 VW supervisory board backs Stadler, top.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:36 ECB must face closer democratic scrutiny:.. Parvez Jabri Mar 28th, 2017 14:30 Bank of England to check banks.. Imaduddin Mar 27th, 2017 18:44 Toshiba’s US atomic unit to file.. Parvez Jabri Mar 27th, 2017 14:02 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM US stocks shake slump on consumer.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 03:20 Earnings, deal talk drive European share.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 01:45 North Sea Crude-Forties under pressure from.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 01:21 Arabica coffee near 3-month low, robusta.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 01:18 CBOT corn ends up on bargain-buying,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:55 Gold falls below 1-month high as.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:52 Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:47 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Golf: PGA to test distance-measuring devices.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 02:19 Tennis: Nishikori safely through in Miami Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 01:51 ICC Champions Trophy coming to Pakistan.. Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 15:58 Aussies no longer friends, says Kohli Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 15:21 Breaking 130-yr-old tradition: England to launch.. Imran Kazmi Mar 28th, 2017 14:57 PCB slammed for ignoring Imran Khan Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 13:31 Everything we know about wrestlers visiting.. Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 11:55 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music WWE Kane to run for Mayor Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 14:35 Noor ends marriage for the fourth.. Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 11:54 Laptop ban hits Dubai for 1.1mn.. Imaduddin Mar 25th, 2017 13:42 Twitter eyes paid ‘premium’ service for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 24th, 2017 22:20 Shahid Kapoor and Kangana Ranaut squabble.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 17:05 Scientists create chemical to reverse signs.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 12:06 Twinkle Khanna sexually harassed at work Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 11:43 Sci-Tech Bengali ‘tree’ girl, refused further hospital.. Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 18:20 Facebook adds camera features, moving closer.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:52 UK researchers mass-produce artificial blood Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 13:23 Scientists create heart tissue from spinach.. Aagha Majid Mar 27th, 2017 16:18 Scientists discover new hidden features of.. Aagha Majid Mar 27th, 2017 13:56 German Scientists create first ever ‘artificial.. Aagha Majid Mar 25th, 2017 15:20 Indian parrots turn opiate addicts Aagha Majid Mar 25th, 2017 13:16 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Americas » US stocks shake slump on consumer data, higher oil   Americas US stocks shake slump on consumer data, higher oil   Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 03:20 0   NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks scored solid gains Tuesday, and snapped an eight-day losing streak for the Dow, as higher oil prices and a record reading on US consumer confidence boosted sentiment. The gains followed a report showing consumer confidence in March hit its highest level in 16 years, while oil prices climbed due to an outage in Libya that helped ease worries about a supply glut. Analysts also cited a boost from President Donald Trump's shift towards passing tax cuts after last week's health care reform proposal died. "The agenda narrative from the administration has shifted," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.7 percent to close the session at 20,701.64. The broad-based S&P 500 also advanced 0.7 percent to end at 2,358.57, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.6 percent to 5,875.14. Major gainers in the Dow included Apple, Caterpillar, DuPont, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, all up 1.5 percent or more. General Motors climbed 2.5 percent after activist investor David Einhorn unveiled a proposal to try to boost GM's share price by creating two classes of stock. But GM criticized the idea as risky and said it also intends to fight an Einhorn effort to nominate four candidates to the GM board. Ford rose 1.7 percent as it announced it will invest $1.2 billion in three Michigan plants as part of a 2015 labor agreement committing to $9 billion in investment through 2019, about half of which has now been announced. Tesla Motors advanced 2.7 percent after China's Tencent disclosed in a US securities filing that it bought a five percent stake in the US company for $1.8 billion. The Chinese technology company runs WeChat, the world's most popular messaging service, as well as many mobile game platforms. Darden Restaurants, which owns Olive Garden and other chains, shot up 9.3 percent after reporting that third-quarter net profit rose 56.6 percent from the year-ago period to $165.6 million.   Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017        Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous PML-N to win election 2018 due to performance: Talal Next US Fed's Fischer worried by possible rise of protectionism   Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 29 March 2017 | MYT 6:34 AM Wall Street posts sharp gains, fuelled by strong consumer data The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. NEW YORK: U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector <.SPSY> jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan <JPM.N> and Bank of America <BAC.N> giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares <.SPNY> gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices <CLc1>. The Dow Jones Transport Average <.DJT>, seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple <AAPL.O> rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors <GM.N> rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla <TSLA.O> rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings <0700.HK> had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for $1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants <DRI.N> jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Banking , Commodities , Economy , Foreign News , Corporate News , Banking , Economy , Forex , Investing , Oil & Gas , Markets Related Stories You May Be Interested Soccer - Messi banned for four international matches Cracking the whip on child sex offenders Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees You May Be Interested Soccer - Messi banned for four international matches Cracking the whip on child sex offenders Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees Others Also Read Dutch parliament hit by ransomware attack Quest in love with the durian Pliskova beats Lucic-Baroni to reach Miami semis Property Related advertisement Latest News China's Fosun CEO and VP step down in surprise reshuffle Stronger quarters ahead for V.S. Industry Solid growth seen for China's manufacturers in March as construction booms Vietnam's economic growth slips to 3-year low in Q1 Mah Sing Group to continue launching projects every quarter Most Viewed in Business RM 55bil East coast rail kicks off Ringgit lower against US$ early Wednesday Blue chips lower at noon Wednesday, ringgit jumps against pound BNM sees March inflation exceeding eight year high Astro expects better year Mah Sing Group to continue launching projects every quarter BAT shares fall on impact from possible price hike World's biggest money manager cuts fees and jobs Malaysia's insurance sector likely to consolidate further HLIB Research retains Buy on DRB-Hicom with RM2 target price advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Kevin Frayer/Getty Images China Stocks Have Best Start to Year Since 2006 by Sofia Horta E Costa @SofiaHC1 More stories by Sofia Horta E Costa March 28, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT March 28, 2017, 10:43 PM EDT MSCI China gauge rebounds after sinking in previous quarter Gauge is most expensive in six years as volatility ebbs What a difference a quarter makes. The MSCI China Index’s 15 percent jump this year is its strongest start since 2006, and one of its best performances versus world equities since the global financial crisis. Traders are now willing to pay the most in six years for the gauge as the yuan stabilizes and concerns ease over global trade -- risks that helped the measure sink 7.1 percent in the previous three months. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up With calm returning to the market -- even as some Hong Kong-listed stocks endure wild trading -- and a steady flow from mainland buyers supporting valuations, Axa Framlington Asia’s Mark Tinker says international investors will soon flip the switch on Chinese equities too. Overseas funds have so far been reluctant, yanking some $2 billion from exchange-traded funds tracking the shares. Tinker says increasing evidence that the rally isn’t just another false start will restore confidence. “There’s stability and corporate fundamentals are good,” said Tinker, head of Axa Framlington in Hong Kong. “This rally is playing out in a non-hysterical way. If you’re a global investor holding expensive U.S. stocks and fearing political risk in Europe, you do start to wonder, why not own China? Nobody’s thinking that the economy or the currency are going to collapse anymore.” Better-than-expected data and signs that declines in foreign-currency reserves are easing have improved sentiment toward China’s economy this year. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s Beijing visit this month reassured investors that America won’t immediately punish China over its trade practices, a sign that Washington’s new administration may soften its tone on foreign policy. The gains have captivated investors from the mainland, who’ve sent $14.4 billion into the Hong Kong stock market through cross-border trading links as capital controls make H shares one of the few offshore investments permitted by the government. With a weak currency driving mainland investors away from yuan-denominated assets, the daily average of net purchases of shares traded in the city via the Shanghai stock link is up 11 percent from 2016. “The stock connect is one way to get a little bit of so-called overseas exposure,” said Ayaz Ebrahim, the Hong Kong-based head of Asia-Pacific asset allocation at JPMorgan Asset Management, which owns more Chinese stocks than represented in global benchmarks. The MSCI China Index is still cheap “as long as there’s economic stability,” he said. The stock gauge trades at about 12 times its members’ expected earnings for the next year, or 11 percent more expensive than at the end of 2016. Though the discount has narrowed, that’s still 22 percent lower than the multiple for the MSCI All-Country World Index. Last week’s collapse and suspension of Huishan Dairy Holdings Co.’s shares was a reminder why Hong Kong-listed equities command some of the lowest valuations among the world’s largest markets. While Huishan makes up just 0.1 percent of the MSCI China Index, such violent swings and the city’s record of long trading halts have kept international investors at bay. “It’s one of those things where if it hits a stock you don’t own, you breathe a sigh of relief,” said Tony Hann, the head of equities at London-based Blackfriars Asset Management Ltd. “Investors like us are certainly not blasé about it. Fortunately, the weighting of Huishan shares wasn’t significant enough.” Broader sentiment toward China is improving. Fewer global investors count a major devaluation of the yuan or a trade war as their biggest risks, according to a Bank of America Corp. fund-manager survey in March. While there’s been some rotation into emerging markets and out of the U.S., investors are still hoarding about 4.8 percent of their portfolios in cash, the survey showed. Sherwood Zhang, a money manager at Matthews Asia in San Francisco, is among those waiting for a dip to buy more stocks in the MSCI China Index. Tighter monetary policy in China or aggressive U.S. protectionism could cut the rally short, according to Zhang, who is bullish on the gauge in the longer term. “Volatility is rarely absent from the Chinese stock market,” said Zhang, whose firm oversees about $26 billion. “A healthy selloff would present a good opportunity for us because the market has gone up a lot. Sentiment has improved and even international investors, though still negative, are less worried.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade The Biggest Risk From the Dollar's Drop May Not Be What You Would Guess Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple, JPMorgan Dominate DJIA Tuesday By Paul Ausick March 28, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 28, 2017: Markets opened slightly higher Tuesday but took a turn for the better almost at once. Surging consumer confidence did the heavy lifting. Only the utilities sector was looking to close with a loss Tuesday as financials and materials carried the day. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $48.37 a barrel, up 1.3% on the day. April gold dropped 10 cents on the day to settle at $1,255.60. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.78% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.78%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.67%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Tuesday was Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) which traded up 2.16% at $143.93. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $144.04, a new 52-week high set this afternoon. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 27.3 million. The company had no specific news, but one analyst had some very bullish comments on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded up 1.73% at $88.75. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) traded up 1.72% at $93.08. The stock’s 52-week range is $69.04 to $99.46. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 5.2 million shares. The company had no specific news. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded up 1.63% at $229.16. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $255.15. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The company had no specific news Tuesday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 27 are on track to close higher Tuesday and just 3 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead GGP, CenturyLink Drop into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The Most Dangerous States in America Trump Magic May Be Wearing Off: Time to Move to These 5 Safe Stocks Recent Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P500 GGP, CenturyLink Drop into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, JPMorgan Dominate DJIA Tuesday The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Is the Microsoft Xbox Game Pass Worth $10 per Month? Will E-Sports Drive the Next Phase of Growth for Video Game Companies? 5 Things FedEx Corporation Management Wants You to Know Vertex shares surge 22% as after-hour trading resumes Darden Restaurants shares close Tuesday up 9.3% Darden Restaurants price target raised to $80 from $72 at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Renewed Obamacare Repeal Effort Sends Hospital Stocks Down Ford (F) and General Motors (GM) Stocks Rally On Trump???s Approval Could Stocks Double in the Next 5 Years? Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling cold shouldered on Brexit day BlackRock cuts fees and jobs; stockpicking goes high-tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Nikkei Edges Higher in Choppy Trade Broadband Privacy Repeal Sparks Interest in VPNs Akzo shareholder Elliott says 25 percent of owners want talks: FD newspaper What We Get Wrong When We Talk About Food Stamps And Immigrants Donald Trump Promised 'Clean Coal,' But It Doesn't Exist This State Shows Us What A Future With A Hobbled EPA Could Look Like Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 43 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 29, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 29, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 43 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. markets close higher on consumer confidence By ALEX VEIGA The Associated Press First Published Mar 28 2017 03:57PM    •    Last Updated Mar 28 2017 03:57 pm FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - This July 16, 2013, file photo, shows a Wall Street street sign outside the New York Stock Exchange. European stock markets traded in fairly narrow ranges Tuesday, March 28, 2017, following a late recovery on Wall Street at the end of a session that had been dominated by concerns over the ability of the Trump administration to deliver on its economic and tax plans following its defeat on health care reform. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stock indexes sharply higher Tuesday, snapping an eight-day losing streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The rally was broad, with materials and industrial companies among the biggest gainers. Energy stocks notched a big gain as crude oil prices moved higher. The market got a boost from new data showing that consumer confidence in the U.S. hit its highest level since 2000. Investor optimism that Congress and the White House are pivoting to tax cuts and other business-friendly policy proposals after spending recent weeks focused on health care also helped send the market higher, said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "The consumer confidence number was really good, but more importantly, it seems like both sides of the aisle do want to get something done around tax reform," Kinahan said. "That's all the market is really hanging its hat on." The Dow rose 150.52 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,701.50. The 30-company average's decline in the previous eight consecutive days was its longest slide in more than five years. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 16.98 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,358.57. The Nasdaq composite index gained 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Bond prices edged lower. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.42 percent from 2.38 percent. Since Donald Trump's presidential election win last November, investors have been optimistic that the administration would deliver on promises to slash taxes, loosen regulations for companies and institute other business-friendly policies. Republicans' failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act last week dashed some of that optimism, pulling down stocks. But this week, Republicans appear to be shifting their focus back on tax cuts, among other issues. "The market is sort of in a holding pattern waiting for additional clarity from the administration on corporate tax reform," said Nadia Lovell, U.S. equity strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "We do view the pivot away from health care reform on Friday as an overall net positive." Trading got off to a downbeat start Tuesday as investors weighed the latest batch of company earnings news. But the market livened up around midmorning when the Conference Board said its consumer confidence index rose this month to its highest level in more than 16 years. The index measures both consumers' assessment of current conditions and their expectations for the future. Both improved this month. Traders also got some encouragement from the latest Standard & Poor's CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed that U.S. home prices rose at the fastest pace in more than two years in January. Mortgage rates are rising, but that's not expected to affect home sales yet because hiring is still strong, rates are low and there aren't a lot of homes on the market. That's a positive combination for homebuilders, many of which have seen their stocks move sharply higher this year. Beazer Homes USA notched the biggest gain among builders Tuesday, adding 38 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $12.06. The stock remains down 9.3 percent this year. Several companies reported improved quarterly results or outlooks, which also helped put traders in a buying mood. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent after the owner of Olive Garden reported strong quarterly results and said it will buy the Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen chain for $780 million. Cheddar has 165 locations in 28 states. Darden was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, rising $7.04 to $82.62. Red Hat climbed 5.2 percent after the open-source software company reported strong sales and solid guidance for the current quarter. The stock added $4.28 to $86.48. Carnival rose 0.7 percent after the cruise line operator served up solid first-quarter results and a better-than-expected estimate for the second quarter. The stock, which closed at an all-time high on Monday, gained another 39 cents to $59.26. General Motors rose 2.4 percent after its board voted to reject a proposal from investor David Einhorn to split the automaker's stock into two classes. GM shares picked up 85 cents to $35.56. Several major stock indexes overseas closed higher. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES 'No one is really saying he's guilty,' says victim after ex-Mormon bishop allowed to go free followi Will the Word of Wisdom ever change? Sen. Orrin Hatch would consider stepping aside for Mitt Romney Kirby: All in favor of voting yes on every Mormon sustaining? Not me. Real Salt Lake to name Mike Petke new head coach on Wednesday, sources say ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. Posted 28 Mar 2017 21:35 Updated 29 Mar 2017 04:35 A trader looks at screens while working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices . The Dow Jones Transport Average , seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for US$1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for US$780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Dan Grebler) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US stocks end higher on consumer data, higher oil News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US stocks end higher on consumer data, higher oil Wall Street stocks scored solid gains on Tuesday, and snapped an eight-day losing streak for the Dow, as higher oil prices and a record reading on US consumer confidence boosted sentiment. Posted 29 Mar 2017 04:36 Updated 29 Mar 2017 04:40 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks scored solid gains on Tuesday (Mar 28), and snapped an eight-day losing streak for the Dow, as higher oil prices and a record reading on US consumer confidence boosted sentiment. The gains followed a report showing consumer confidence in March hit its highest level in 16 years, while oil prices climbed due to an outage in Libya that helped ease worries about a supply glut. Analysts also cited a boost from President Donald Trump's shift towards passing tax cuts after last week's health care reform proposal died. "The agenda narrative from the administration has shifted," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 150.52 points (0.73 per cent) to close the session at 20,701.50. The broad-based S&P 500 also advanced 16.98 points (0.73 per cent) to end at 2,358.57, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose 34.77 points (0.60 per cent) to 5,875.14. Major gainers in the Dow included Apple, Caterpillar, DuPont, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, all up 1.5 per cent or more. General Motors climbed 2.5 per cent after activist investor David Einhorn unveiled a proposal to try to boost GM's share price by creating two classes of stock. But GM criticised the idea as risky and said it also intends to fight an Einhorn effort to nominate four candidates to the GM board. Ford rose 1.7 per cent as it announced it will invest US$1.2 billion in three Michigan plants as part of a 2015 labour agreement committing to US$9 billion in investment through 2019, about half of which has now been announced. Tesla Motors advanced 2.7 per cent after China's Tencent disclosed in a US securities filing that it bought a five per cent stake in the US company for US$1.8 billion. The Chinese technology company runs WeChat, the world's most popular messaging service, as well as many mobile game platforms. Darden Restaurants, which owns Olive Garden and other chains, shot up 9.3 per cent after reporting that third-quarter net profit rose 56.6 per cent from the year-ago period to US$165.6 million. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Wednesday, Mar 29, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Wall St. posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak REUTERS Published on March 28, 2017 The American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. Nov. 2015. ASSOCIATED PRESS BLADE Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print U.S. stocks ended sharply higher today, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. BLADE Enlarge RELATED: Searchable stock index U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data “underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets,” said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. “You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform,” said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices. The Dow Jones Transport Average, seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for $1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows.  Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money US STOCKS-Wall St posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data Shares1 Wed, 29 Mar 2017-01:57am , Reuters U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices. The Dow Jones Transport Average, seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for $1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money GST to be taken up in Lok Sabha for debate today; govt expects consensus Money Freebies from your employer may dry up under GST regime Money Used counterfeit ID to get Aadhaar card? Be ready to live with fake identity, says UIDAI Money Bharti Airtel sells 10.3% stake in tower subsidiary Bharti Infratel for Rs 6,194 crore Money SBI to complete merger with six banks in three months Money Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling suffers on Brexit day Related Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling suffers on Brexit day Sensex bounces 172 points on positive global cues Sensex sheds 184 points as RIL stocks tank Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Donald Trump Bank of America General Motors Illinois Indiana Jim Davis Olive Garden S&P Dow Jones Industrial Average Nasdaq Composite Darden Hammond NYSE Springfield Tencent Holdings Tesla SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Lloyd's of London picks Brussels for EU subsidiary -report JD (U) rebuffs reports of talks with BJP to rejoin NDA Nepal asks climbers to clean quake-littered Everest camp Fog grounds flights in and out of New Zealand capital Court adjourns hearing on framing charges against ISIS suspect till Apr. 13 Sport Cricket-Spirited Australia must continue to improve, says board Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Apart from shooting for 'Mubarakan' here's what Athiya Shetty is upto in London! Andrew Garfield to play war correspondent in 'Black Lion' Will Ranveer Singh be seen singing with Anushka Manchanda next? Don't write stories keeping actors in mind: Neeraj Pandey Kabir Khan to make a web series on Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army! Money Bank of Baroda money laundering case: ED arrests two businessmen Refined soya oil futures slide 0.43% on profit-booking Crude palm oil futures extend gain, up 0.17% on rising demand Mentha oil futures rebound 0.57% on upsurge in demand L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job offers; shares 1.25% Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data By Reuters Published: 16:23 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 16:23 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail By Lewis Krauskopf March 28 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&amp;P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&amp;P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&amp;P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&amp;P 500. Energy shares gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices. The Dow Jones Transport Average, seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&amp;P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for $1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&amp;P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&amp;P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'A touching portrayal of grief': Fans pen their 'utmost respect' for Rio Ferdinand after his 'heartbreaking' documentary about the loss of his wife Rebecca That'll leave a sour taste! Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond shares TV chef's striking good looks at 23... but none of her winning charm Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' Instigated split after series of family dramas Meet my new bit on the side(boob)! TOWIE's Amber Turner remains steely as she sees giggling ex Jamie Reed and his busty squeeze Jade Lewis Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio It's all in the jeans She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least £50million seven years after they nervously auditioned on The X Factor 'Signature pose... got to do it!': Ice T's racy wife Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Not much material, girl Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Bathing beauty! Home & Away star Pia Miller showcases her model physique in a colourful string bikini and daisy dukes as she films iconic soap A blooming lovely couple! Mark Wright makes wife Michelle Keegan laugh out loud as she stuns in a floral jumpsuit Out for a London stroll Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung leads style queens Rosamund Pike, Arizona Muse and Donna Air at the ultra-glamorous National Portrait Gallery Gala It's OK, Rio - there is nothing wrong with the stiff upper lip: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews ex-footballer's Being Mum and Dad documentary  TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her eye-popping cleavage in plunging wrap dress as she shirks Pete Wicks love woes on girls' night out 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  MIC's Alex Mytton brings ex Jess Woodley to magazine launch... days after EXPLOSIVE 'drunken' row with girlfriend Lottie Moss His other blonde... Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims  So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Hint at why she always pouts 'I love with everything in me': Kerry Katona shares poignant message about mental health as she admits to feeling 'a little blue' on social media That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Go on, my son! Wayne Rooney's one-year-old Kit follows in his father's footballing footsteps with his first goal... ONE WEEK after learning to walk Jeremy McConnell pines for son Caben Albi as he's forced to share 'throwback' moment... yet keeps silent over row with Stephanie Davis Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tropical getaway Katie Price names and shames Internet trolls targeting her disabled son Harvey, as she launches petition to make online bullying a criminal offence 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils widened in SECOND nose job as her airwaves are being painfully restricted Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring What's going on here then? Footballer Ched Evans and girlfriend Natasha Massey roll past the Duchess of Cambridge as they miss out on the Portrait Gala 'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again Blonde bombshell Bianca Gascoigne shows off her endless legs in a white skirt suit for restaurant launch Looked sexily sophisticated at bash Vanessa White puts on a subtly saucy display in sheer floral crop top and casual jeans as she joins a grungy Ashley James at Notion Magazine bash Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie Leaving hair experts green with envy Love Island's Olivia Buckland displays her honed pins in blush coloured denims as she enjoys a date night in Essex with fiancé Alex Bowen 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Top tip 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC Stunned at the event  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl SHEER-an generosity! Now Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the Teenage Cancer Trust after saving Liberian street boys on Comic Relief 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour She wishes she was Gone, Girl! Nancy Dell'Olio and Rosamund Pike sport strikingly similar white lace gowns at National Portrait Gallery gala SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna struggles to hold back tears as she confronts Pete Wicks about their relationship in new TOWIE scenes Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Share six children  Just like mum! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Earl's girl Kitty drives David Walliams dotty! Social media photo leads comedian to comment: 'Oh my'  Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview Sheer daring! Sai Bennett flashes her legs in a see-through skirt and hot pants as she steps out at star-studded Portrait Gala  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Big night for women in entertainment 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date in LA 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Looking (Love)good! Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she opts for Fifties-style glamour at Warner Bros Studio launch The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Revealed baby bump  'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show New music  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed pins in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch 'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy Arizona Muse stuns in backless silk gown as she joins fiancé Boniface Verney-Carron at National Portrait Gallery gala Paparazzo in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport A beaming appearance 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon Embraced comfort  Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Beachy shoot There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as 'demeaning'  Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album  'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Sad news SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Get There Perspective Perspective Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Yes, pro athletes often make poor money decisions early in their careers. But didn’t you, too? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Memphis Grizzlies' Zach Randolph, right, is defended by the Golden State Warriors' Draymond Green on March 26 in Oakland, Calif. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press) By Michelle Singletary By Michelle Singletary Columnist March 28 at 4:02 PM Follow @SingletaryM As I watch the young men hustle on the basketball court during March Madness and make what seem like impossible three-point shots, part of me is thinking, “Ka-ching!” And just as quickly, I wonder how many of those young men, a few of whom eventually make it to the NBA, will leave the league broke after having earned millions. In 2009, Sports Illustrated examined the finances of former National Football League and National Basketball Association players in a report that still stands as one of the most in-depth looks at athletes and their money. The magazine found that, after just two years of retirement, 78 percent of former NFL players were stressed financially or had gone bankrupt. Sixty percent of former NBA players were broke within five years. I ran an online search for stories about athletes and their finances, and here are some of the headlines that came up: ●“Pro athletes and their bad money habits” ●“10 pro athletes who’ve hit financial rock bottom” ●“How pro athletes lose everything” Then there’s ESPN’s documentary “Broke,” which is often cited as evidence that athletes are financially reckless. “Sucked into bad investments, stalked by freeloaders, saddled with medical problems, and naturally prone to showing off, many pro athletes get shocked by harsh economic realities after years of living the high life,” the film’s summary read upon its release. “Director Billy Corben. . . paints a complex picture of the many forces that drain athletes’ bank accounts, placing some of the blame on the culture at large while still holding these giants accountable for their own hubris.” We think we know the story. A pro athlete makes a lot of money. He spends wildly on cars, homes, booze, vacations, watches, women, family and his entourage. We shake our heads at the conspicuous consumption and bad business deals. We judge the athletes harshly for their haughty lifestyle. You may think, “If I had that kind of money . . . ” But here’s where the judgment lacks context. If you came into the millions like some pro athletes do in their late teens or early 20s, would you really do things differently than you did — or are currently doing — with your thousands? Probably not, says Maverick Carter, childhood friend and now business partner of basketball superstar LeBron James. In 2015, the two launched Uninterrupted, a digital multimedia network focused on sports. Its new interview series “Kneading Dough,” in partnership with JPMorgan Chase, aims to change the dialogue around the money misadventures of athletes. The debut episode, which you can view at Uninterrupted.com, features Golden State Warriors forward Draymond Green. Carter hosts. A second-round draft pick, Green says he made $850,000 in his first year in the NBA. He didn’t hire a financial manager, as many players do. Instead, he wanted to learn how to manage money on his own. Although he concedes that he earns more than the average American household, he has dreams of becoming mega-wealthy. “Every day, every decision I make, [I ask:] How is this helping me to be a billionaire?” Green says. When Carter asks him about a purchase or decision he made that he later realized was stupid, Green doesn’t have to think long. “A $21,000 night at the club,” he says. “I had a blast for sure, but I could have had a blast for $4,000.” (I wanted to shout as I was watching the episode, “Or $40!”) And what did he learn? Green tells Carter he was “hot” because, even considering the millions he makes now, it was wasteful. “That is $21,000 I can never get back.” Most of the athletes we are judging make the vast majority of their income in their early 20s, Carter points out when I interview him. They are just out of high school or college and have had little to no time to develop good money-management skills. “Any normal person, no matter how many the zeroes, will establish a certain lifestyle,” Carter said. For its part in the venture, JPMorgan Chase says it sees highlighting athletes and their money-management successes and struggles as a different way to reach people and encourage them to save and invest. “Financial fitness and literacy can feel so condescending,” said Kristin Lemkau, chief marketing officer for JPMorgan Chase. “We wanted to do something that was more than a bank wagging their finger at people telling them to save.” I look forward to peeking into the financial lives of the next athletes profiled because, as Carter and JPMorgan Chase envision the series, it will show what my grandmother always told me: It’s not how much money you make that matters. It’s how you make do with what you have. Readers may write to Michelle Singletary at The Washington Post, 1301 K St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071 or michelle.singletary@washpost.com. To read more, go to http://wapo.st/michelle-singletary. business get-there true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Michelle Singletary writes the nationally syndicated personal finance column, “The Color of Money.” Follow @SingletaryM 1 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 The House just voted to wipe away the FCC’s landmark Internet privacy protections 2 Republicans voted to roll back landmark FCC privacy rules. Here’s what you need to know. 3 Analysis Spiders could theoretically eat every human on Earth in one year 4 One of the most troubling ideas about climate change just found new evidence in its favor 5 Trump touts jobs as Ford invests $1.2 billion in Michigan plants. But there are some caveats. Market Watch DJIA 0.73% NASDAQ 0.6% Get quote Last Update: 03/29/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business get-there Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters The Latest Color of Money Columns Yes, pro athletes often make poor money decisions early in their careers. But didn’t you, too? I wrote about being a child on Medicaid. A reader called me the N-word. Claiming deceitful tax deductions could get you put in the doghouse washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow's bounce ends eight-day losing streak Margreet Dietz Wednesday March 29, 2017 Share Play NBR radio on Wall Street rose, stemming an eight-day drop in the Dow, as US consumer confidence climbed to the highest level in 16 years, while oil also gained. A Conference Board report showed its consumer confidence index unexpectedly rallied 9.5 points to 125.6 in March, the highest since December 2000. "Consumers feel current economic conditions have improved over the recent period, and their renewed optimism suggests the possibility of some upside to the prospects for economic growth in the coming months," Lynn Franco, director of economic indicators at the Conference Board, said in a statement, Bloomberg reported. Oil also gained, adding 1.3% to $US48.37 a barrel after slipping a day earlier. Major traders gathered in Switzerland, including Russell Hardy, Vitol's chief executive for Europe, Middle East and Africa They flagged that they expected OPEC and non-OPEC producers to extend their agreement to curtail output in the second half of the year, Reuters reported. To be sure, an extension would depend on the oil price at the time of the next OPEC meeting, scheduled for May 25, Mr Hardy noted. "At $US50 per barrel there's a lot of incentive to continue the policy, at $US60 per barrel, no. It'll depend on how fundamentals exert themselves in the second quarter," he said, according to Reuters. Dow climbs 150 points At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 150.52 points, or 0.7%, to 20,701.50. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.6% to 5875.14 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index climbed 0.7% to 2358.57. Despite the Trump administration's failure on a Republican healthcare bill, investors remain optimistic it will successfully negotiate tax reform that is seen as supportive for business. "This market is driven by two things-the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. "Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you've gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong," he said. Advances in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of DuPont, up 1.7% and 1.6% respectively, led the Dow higher. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.6% advance from the previous close. France's CAC 40 Index increased 0.6%, the UK's FTSE 100 Index added 0.7%, while Germany's DAX Index rose 1.3%. On Wednesday, UK Prime Minister Theresa May is set to trigger Article 50, marking the start of two years of negations about the terms for the country's exit from the European Union. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Wall St Donald Trump Republican healthcare bill tax cuts crude oil Theresa May Related Articles:  While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow extends longest slide since 2011 Tue 28 Mar 17 1 World week ahead: Optimism turns to tax cuts Mon 27 Mar 17 While you were sleeping: UPDATED US healthcare stocks fall as vote is delayed Fri 24 Mar 17 While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St mixed as Nike knocks Dow Thu 23 Mar 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7009 0.0005 0.07% AUD 0.9165 0.0009 0.10% EUR 0.6479 0.0005 0.08% GBP 0.5651 0.0009 0.16% HKD 5.4436 0.0029 0.05% JPY 78.0000 0.0210 0.03% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1255.6 -4.880 2017-03-28T00: Oil Brent 51.4 0.570 2017-03-28T00: Oil Nymex 48.4 0.650 2017-03-28T00: Silver Index 18.2 0.140 2017-03-28T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7070.6 7133.6 7065.2 0.97% NASDAQ 5836.5 5888.7 5840.4 0.60% DAX 12062.7 12158.7 11996.1 1.28% DJI 20542.1 20735.6 20551.0 0.73% FTSE 7293.5 7349.6 7293.5 0.68% HKSE 24470.7 24470.7 24345.9 0.01% NI225 19216.8 19251.3 19202.9 0.08% ASX 5821.2 5876.4 5821.2 0.90% Most Popular Read US Congress votes to put people's web browser histories up for sale Russia willing to re-start NZ free-trade talks frozen over Crimea conflict ComCom flooded with last minute evidence – delays ‘StuffMe’ decision again MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares gain; A2, Fletcher, TeamTalk rise, Metro Glass, Infratil fall Misters eatery launches crowdfunding round to fund franchise Commented Stakes are too high not to have an inquiry on Hager book allegations Defence Force confirms people killed but Hager's book got claims wrong GeoOp sounds out investor interest for ASX listing China FTA upgrade talks to begin next month Momentum grows to replace the RMA Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Synlait CFO Nigel Greenwood on the one-off costs in the first-half results NBR's Tim Hunter on ComCom's delayed ‘StuffMe’ decision Simplicity founder Sam Stubbs says the KiwiSaver market will bifurcate as it hits scale Fonterra COO Jacqueline Chow on the key reasons for food safety investment New pro-coal executive order as Kushner gets a new Washington job, on Trump’s Beltway Only available on Previous article One law for urban planning and RMA – Productivity Commission NZ dollar falls after jump in US consumer confidence that may signal economic pickup Next article NZ dollar falls after jump in US consumer confidence that may signal economic pickup Future Mobility Solutions says Malaysia makes order for 23 amphibious craft Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow's bounce ends eight-day losing streak
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street posts sharp gains, fueled by strong consumer data U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. Posted 28 Mar 2017 21:35 Updated 29 Mar 2017 04:35 A trader looks at screens while working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: U.S. stocks ended sharply higher on Tuesday, with financial and energy shares surging as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The S&P 500's best day in nearly two weeks came after a record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November had stalled this month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average snapped an eight-day losing streak, which had been its longest run of losses since 2011. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism, while the trade deficit in goods narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 150.52 points, or 0.73 percent, to 20,701.5, the S&P 500 gained 16.98 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,358.57 and the Nasdaq Composite added 34.77 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,875.14. Tuesday's gains follow declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "You have got maybe some rethinking of the political calculus related to the demise of healthcare, but what that may mean for a quicker focus on tax reform," said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.4 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&P 500. Energy shares gained 1.3 percent, supported by stronger oil prices . The Dow Jones Transport Average , seen by some as a barometer of the economy, gained 1.8 percent for its second-best day of the year. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.4 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.7 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for US$1.78 billion. Darden Restaurants jumped 9.3 percent, making it the best performer on the S&P 500, after the Olive Garden owner announced quarterly results and said it would buy Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen for US$780 million. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.91-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.63-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 33 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Dan Grebler) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Complaints About Student Loan Servicing Increased 429% In Past Year Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Complaints About Student Loan Servicing Increased 429% In Past Year Image courtesy of Adam Fagen March 28, 2017 2:47 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a look at the complaints complaints consumer financial protection bureau credit card complaints credit cards navient snapshot student loans That's A Big Increase wells fargo In the past year, federal regulators and consumer advocates have highlighted issues with student loans and the servicing of these often crippling debts: from finding that educational loans continue to haunt older borrowers, to suing Navient, the largest student loan servicing company. Because of this, it might not come as much of a surprise that the number of complaints the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau received related to student loans has skyrocketed.  Today, the Bureau released its monthly complaint snapshot [PDF], which shows a 429% increase in student loan complaints received in a year-to-year comparison of just three months. According to the report, the CFPB received 2,913 complaints from Dec. 2016 to Feb. 2017, a significant increase from the 551 complaints written between Dec. 2015 to Feb. 2016. The CFPB notes that the surge in complaints is likely tied not only to an increased awareness of student loan servicing issues, but the fact that the Bureau updated its intake form on accepting complaints in Feb. 2016. Additionally, the Bureau believes that taking “major enforcement action” against a student loan servicer contributed to a student loan complaint volume spike in Jan. 2017. The CFPB doesn’t explicitly name the company, but the Bureau — along with two states — sued Navient, alleging the company cheated borrowers out of repayment rights. While the CFPB didn’t provide specific complaint volume for that time, the snapshot shows that Navient was the tenth most complained about company from Oct. 2016 to Dec. 2016, receiving an average of 236 complaints each month. When the complaints are compared to the same three-month period in Oct. 2015 to Dec. 2015, the CFPB found a 52% increase. In all, the Bureau says it received 10,637 student loans-related complaints for all of 2016. Rohit Chopra, senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America, is a former assistant director and student loan ombudsman for the CFPB. He tells Consumerist that the Bureau’s snapshot is just the latest finding in a long line of data points that show signs of big trouble in the broken student loan market. “The agency’s lawsuit against Navient was a wake-up call to many borrowers that they too may have been preyed upon by the company’s illegal conduct,” he says of the increases, adding that borrowers may also be filing more complaints with the CFPB because companies are more likely to provide an in-writing response through this portal. Suzanne Martindale, staff attorney for Consumer Union, tells Consumerist that the CPFB’s report provides just another reason why a strong consumer watchdog is needed. “If anything, this increase shows that there’s a real problem out there – and that consumers increasingly rely on the CFPB to stand up for them,” she said, noting that CFPB provides an outlet for people who would otherwise suffer in silence when financial companies mistreat them. Other Highlights The CFPB’s monthly snapshot of complaints also highlighted issues with credit card companies and a national complaint overview. As of March 1, 2017, the Bureau says it has handled approximately 116,200 credit card complaints, many involving issues related to being billed for fraudulent charges, confusion over reward programs, and being the victims of identity theft. Of the complaints the CFPB received, the most involved Citibank, Capital One, and JPMorgan Chase. These companies received about 90% of all credit card complaints received by the Bureau from Oct. 2016 to Dec. 2016. Wells Fargo received the greatest increase credit card complaints — about 99% — when comparing consumer gripes between Oct. 2015 and Dec. 2015 to those received between Oct. 2016 to Dec. 2016. While the CFPB doesn’t mention it, the increased complaints came immediately after Wells Fargo’s fake account fiasco was uncovered. In Sept. 2016, the CFPB — along with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Los Angeles city attorney — ordered the bank to pay $185 million in refunds and penalties after finding that employees opened nearly two million unauthorized consumers accounts in order meet high-pressure sales quotas. While student loans and credit card companies accounted for many complaints received by the CFPB, it was actually debt collection that was the most-complained about financial product or service. Of the approximately 26,000 complaints handled in February, there were 7,755 complaints about debt collection. The second most-complained-about consumer product was credit reporting — accounting for 4,902 complaints — followed by mortgages, which accounted for 3,718 complaints. March 28, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a look at the complaints complaints consumer financial protection bureau credit card complaints credit cards navient snapshot student loans That's A Big Increase wells fargo Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related taking them to task Student Loan Giant Navient Sued By CFPB & Two States Over Alleged Illegal Practices always be complaining CFPB Receives Double The Consumer Complaints In 2013, But Sought Fewer Explanations not getting any easier Student Loan Servicing Issues Contribute To Older Borrowers’ Defaults a rise in defaults More Than 1.1M Federal Student Loan Borrowers Entered Default Last Year So Many Complaints Bank Of America, Wells Fargo Top List Of Most Complained About Mortgage Issuers Previous Denver Broncos Hope To Not Play Another Season At Stadium Sponsored By Retailer That Doesn’t Exist Next Crayola Is Getting Rid Of One Crayon Color From Its 24-Count Box Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Crayola Is Getting Rid Of One Crayon Color From Its 24-Count Box Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data By Reuters Published: 14:58 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 14:58 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail By Lewis Krauskopf March 28 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks posted sharp gains on Tuesday, with bank and energy stocks surging, as data showed U.S. consumer confidence soaring to a more than 16-year high. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was on track to snap an eight-day losing streak, its longest since 2011. U.S. equities have surged to record highs in the wake of President Donald Trump's election in November, but the rally had stalled this month. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March amid growing labor market optimism while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply in February. The economy's strengthening fundamentals were bolstered by other data showing further increases in house prices in January. The data "underscore what has been going on really in this whole rally, and that is that confidence is pretty high and optimism is high and that has kind of been underpinning the resiliency of the equity markets," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Springfield, Illinois. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 172.26 points, or 0.84 percent, to 20,723.24, the S&amp;P 500 gained 20.73 points, or 0.89 percent, to 2,362.32 and the Nasdaq Composite added 46.25 points, or 0.79 percent, to 5,886.62. Tuesday's gains come after declines last week as investors fretted over Trump's ability to enact his agenda after his fellow Republicans failed to pass their healthcare bill. However, investors appear to have shrugged off the setback, choosing instead to focus on Trump's promise of reforming the U.S. tax code, which has been a key driver in the post-election record rally. "This market is driven by two things - the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. The financial and energy sectors, which have lagged the broader market this year, fueled the S&amp;P 500 on Tuesday. The financial sector jumped 1.7 percent, with JPMorgan and Bank of America giving big boosts to the S&amp;P 500. Energy shares gained 1.2 percent, supported by stronger oil prices. Apple rose 2.1 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&amp;P and the Nasdaq, as the shares hit an all-time high. In corporate news, General Motors rose 2.9 percent after activist investor David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 3.4 percent after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 percent stake in the electric car maker for $1.78 billion. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.89-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.73-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&amp;P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 30 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'A touching portrayal of grief': Fans pen their 'utmost respect' for Rio Ferdinand after his 'heartbreaking' documentary about the loss of his wife Rebecca That'll leave a sour taste! Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond shares TV chef's striking good looks at 23... but none of her winning charm Kris Jenner, 61, 'splits from younger boyfriend Corey Gamble to focus on her family and their reality show' Instigated split after series of family dramas Meet my new bit on the side(boob)! TOWIE's Amber Turner remains steely as she sees giggling ex Jamie Reed and his busty squeeze Jade Lewis Baby got back! Khloe Kardashian shows off her famous derriere in skin-tight denim heading home from a visit to Kanye's studio It's all in the jeans She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery One Direction, five fortunes: Each member of the boy band is now worth at least £50million seven years after they nervously auditioned on The X Factor 'Signature pose... got to do it!': Ice T's racy wife Coco Austin shares sneak peek at lingerie shoot in some VERY revealing pieces Not much material, girl Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Bathing beauty! Home & Away star Pia Miller showcases her model physique in a colourful string bikini and daisy dukes as she films iconic soap A blooming lovely couple! Mark Wright makes wife Michelle Keegan laugh out loud as she stuns in a floral jumpsuit Out for a London stroll Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung leads style queens Rosamund Pike, Arizona Muse and Donna Air at the ultra-glamorous National Portrait Gallery Gala It's OK, Rio - there is nothing wrong with the stiff upper lip: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews ex-footballer's Being Mum and Dad documentary  TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her eye-popping cleavage in plunging wrap dress as she shirks Pete Wicks love woes on girls' night out 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  MIC's Alex Mytton brings ex Jess Woodley to magazine launch... days after EXPLOSIVE 'drunken' row with girlfriend Lottie Moss His other blonde... Sir Elton John was 'very upset' at falling out with George Michael over drugs warning, says friend DJ Paul Gambaccini made the claims  So that explains it! Famously pouty Victoria Beckham steps out in a T-shirt with slogan 'Fashion Stole My Smile' Hint at why she always pouts 'I love with everything in me': Kerry Katona shares poignant message about mental health as she admits to feeling 'a little blue' on social media That's one dapper date! Alexa Chung's father Philip steps in as she leaves beau Alexander Skarsgard at home for a night at the National Portrait Gala Go on, my son! Wayne Rooney's one-year-old Kit follows in his father's footballing footsteps with his first goal... ONE WEEK after learning to walk Jeremy McConnell pines for son Caben Albi as he's forced to share 'throwback' moment... yet keeps silent over row with Stephanie Davis Looking ace! Serena Williams shows off curvaceous figure in swimsuit as she documents island getaway on Snapchat Tropical getaway Katie Price names and shames Internet trolls targeting her disabled son Harvey, as she launches petition to make online bullying a criminal offence 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils widened in SECOND nose job as her airwaves are being painfully restricted Strike a pose, Vogue! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, makes his modelling debut for Adidas in new campaign in collaboration with Alexander Wang Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring What's going on here then? Footballer Ched Evans and girlfriend Natasha Massey roll past the Duchess of Cambridge as they miss out on the Portrait Gala 'I love him to bits and he's funny': Helen McCrory calls husband Damian Lewis her 'best friend' and says they'd love to act together again Blonde bombshell Bianca Gascoigne shows off her endless legs in a white skirt suit for restaurant launch Looked sexily sophisticated at bash Vanessa White puts on a subtly saucy display in sheer floral crop top and casual jeans as she joins a grungy Ashley James at Notion Magazine bash Edgy Zayn Malik ditches his raven man-bun in favour of a bright green chop in brooding new selfie Leaving hair experts green with envy Love Island's Olivia Buckland displays her honed pins in blush coloured denims as she enjoys a date night in Essex with fiancé Alex Bowen 'I drink green juice every single morning:' Martha Stewart, 75, reveals her secret weapon in anti-aging process Top tip 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Back in black! Anne Hathaway dazzles in ruffling back-baring Armani at the premiere of Colossal in NYC Stunned at the event  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl SHEER-an generosity! Now Ed teams up with David Beckham, Roger Daltrey for the Teenage Cancer Trust after saving Liberian street boys on Comic Relief 'Like almond butter': Lily Collins looks smooth as she flashes her toned abs in knotted top with cheeky message as she heads for a mani-pedi 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her mermaid locks and pert posterior in figure hugging bodysuit and jeans EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour She wishes she was Gone, Girl! Nancy Dell'Olio and Rosamund Pike sport strikingly similar white lace gowns at National Portrait Gallery gala SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna struggles to hold back tears as she confronts Pete Wicks about their relationship in new TOWIE scenes Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Friendly exes! Brad Pitt 'secretly joined' Angelina Jolie during trip to Cambodia in February 'so he could spend time with the kids' Share six children  Just like mum! Courteney Cox's girl Coco lands role in music video... two decades on from Friends star's big break in Bruce Springsteen clip SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Earl's girl Kitty drives David Walliams dotty! Social media photo leads comedian to comment: 'Oh my'  Hoping for big Money? Floyd Mayweather puts his $4.8m Koenigsegg hypercar on the market... one of only two in the world Elton John teams with Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice to turn Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat into animated film 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview Sheer daring! Sai Bennett flashes her legs in a see-through skirt and hot pants as she steps out at star-studded Portrait Gala  Dynamic duo! Drew Barrymore and America Ferrera lead the honorees at upcoming Gracie Awards Big night for women in entertainment 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv Can't stop the (new home) feeling! Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel buy $27.5 million penthouse in Tribeca Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  She's a chameleon! Olivia Wilde wears black wig and loses the fake bump while shooting Life Itself... a week after filming as a 'pregnant' blonde What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'Your wish is my command': Ryan Reynolds superfan gets the star's name tattooed on his backside and shares the results on Twitter A chip off the old block! Brenton Thwaites confirmed as son of Orlando Bloom's character in upcoming Pirates Of The Caribbean film 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  Homerun humor! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez share a laugh as they enjoy intimate double date in LA 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Looking (Love)good! Harry Potter star Evanna Lynch is worlds away from dippy Luna as she opts for Fifties-style glamour at Warner Bros Studio launch The first awakens! Oscar Isaac and girlfriend Elvira Lind are expecting their first child together Revealed baby bump  'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours Angels on Earth! Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes look heavenly flaunting their taut tummies after a bite in Beverly Hills Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Veep vet Chris Addison has been chosen to direct Dirty Rotten Scoundrels remake starring Anne Hathaway and Rebel Wilson Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her ongoing philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Own direction: 1D's Harry Styles to perform solo as musical guest on SNL's first live coast-to-coast show New music  She'll put a spell on you! Stephanie Pratt parades her honed pins in sizzling emerald mini dress at Forbidden Forest launch 'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy Arizona Muse stuns in backless silk gown as she joins fiancé Boniface Verney-Carron at National Portrait Gallery gala Paparazzo in LAX brawl with One Direction star Louis Tomlinson 'harassed' an ex girlfriend and has sued other entertainment big shots for MILLIONS Paris Hilton can't keep her hands off new beau Chris Zylka days after she claims he's 'the one' as they arrive at LAX airport A beaming appearance 'We got very lucky!': Mila Kunis raves about her children's sibling bond... as put on stylish display at CinemaCon Embraced comfort  Scorpion's Katharine McPhee looks happy on Malibu set alongside rumored boyfriend Elyes Gabel Beachy shoot There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out 'It's about to get tough': Kevin Hart admits he's terrified his 12-year-old daughter Heaven is starting to talk about boys Mayim Bialik lectures against describing women as 'girls' in a furious video, noting that calling a man a 'boy' would be seen as 'demeaning'  Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach EXCLUSIVE The honeymoon crasher! Vanderpump Rules newlyweds Tom and Katie share luxury holiday album  'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Uptown (sales)girl: Christie Brinkley, 63, is stunningly gorgeous at HSN offices where she prepares to sell hair clip-ons and face masks Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Tony Curtis's ex wife and Austria's first Golden Globe winner Christine Kaufmann dies aged 72 Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Parks & Recreation vets Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman are reuniting to host the reality competition show The Handmade Project Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Supergirl's Melissa Benoist can't keep her hands off co-star Chris Wood as duo confirm romance in Mexico 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris 'You brought me so much joy': Nina Dobrev pays emotional tribute to her beloved cat who died aged 18 years Sad news SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Johnny Depp accuses former business managers of 'smear campaign' after they claimed he 'squandered' his money on lavish lifestyle Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:06pm Wed 29 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street regroups oil gained By Margreet Dietz 7:27 AM Wednesday Mar 29, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets Mobile Business New York Stock Exchange United States A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photo / Getty Images Wall Street rose, stemming an eight-day drop in the Dow, as US consumer confidence climbed to the highest level in 16 years, while oil also gained. A Conference Board report showed its consumer confidence index unexpectedly rallied 9.5 points to 125.6 in March, the highest since December 2000. "Consumers feel current economic conditions have improved over the recent period, and their renewed optimism suggests the possibility of some upside to the prospects for economic growth in the coming months," Lynn Franco, director of economic indicators at the Conference Board, said in a statement, Bloomberg reported. Oil also gained. Major traders gathered in Switzerland including Russell Hardy, Vitol's chief executive for Europe, Middle East and Africa, flagged that they expect OPEC and non-OPEC producers to extend their agreement to curtail output in the second half of the year, Reuters reported. To be sure, an extension would depend on the oil price at the time of the next OPEC meeting, scheduled for May 25, Hardy noted. "At US$50 per barrel there's a lot of incentive to continue the policy, at US$60 per barrel, no. It'll depend on how fundamentals exert themselves in the second quarter," Hardy said, according to Reuters. Wall Street moved higher. In 1.30pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.6 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.5 per cent. In 1.14pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index climbed 0.6 per cent. Despite the Trump administration's failure on a Republican health care bill, investors remain optimistic it will successfully negotiate tax reform that is seen as supportive for business. Continued below. Related Content Laptop ban: What it means for Kiwi travellers SFO charges former F&P Healthcare worker Fonterra looks to replicate co-op structure abroad "This market is driven by two things-the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. "Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you've gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong," Hogan noted. Advances in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of DuPont, up 1.7 per cent and 1.6 per cent respectively, led the Dow higher. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.6 per cent advance from the previous close. France's CAC 40 Index increased 0.6 percent, the UK's FTSE 100 Index added 0.7 per cent, while Germany's DAX Index rose 1.3 percent. On Wednesday UK Prime Minister Theresa May is set to trigger Article 50, marking the start of two years of negations about the terms for the country's exit from the European Union. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Onerahi link for movie man A Vista CEO grabbing a global slice of the movie market is a New Zealander. Hawke's Bay Today Double bubbles for wine business graduates Kavya Vunnam and Bharath Gadiparthi are graduating from EIT. Bay of Plenty Times NZ's finest young triathletes are good to go Preparations ready for NZ Schools Triathlon champs with opening ceremony on Wednesday… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Turns out Tesla buyers don't care about reliability, report says New report from J.D. Power suggests Tesla image trumps reliability statistics... Viva Restaurant review: Clooney, Freemans Bay Clooney's new chef, Jacob Kear, raises the bar of Auckland's dining scene True Commercial Grey Lynn property in prime location An investment property for sale in Grey Lynn is generating over $200,000. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 29 Mar 2017 20:06:25 Processing Time: 1025ms
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Luxoft Holding Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Luxoft Holding Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Precision Drilling Corp’s (PDS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Ferrari (RACE) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Luxoft Holding Inc (NYSE:LXFT) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Thursday morning. According to Zacks, “Luxoft Holding, Inc. offers software development services and information technology solutions. Its software development services consist of software development and support, product engineering and testing and technology consulting. The Company focuses on six industry verticals: financial services, travel and aviation, technology, telecom, automotive and transport and energy. It operates primarily in Western Europe and North America. Luxoft Holding, Inc. is based in Tortola, Virgin Islands. “ A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on LXFT. Wedbush raised shares of Luxoft Holding from a neutral rating to an outperform rating and increased their price target for the company from $62.00 to $67.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued a neutral rating and issued a $55.00 price target on shares of Luxoft Holding in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Cowen and Company raised shares of Luxoft Holding from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and set a $65.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, December 19th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $68.00. Shares of Luxoft Holding (NYSE:LXFT) opened at 60.45 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $2.01 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.17 and a beta of 1.52. The company’s 50 day moving average is $58.35 and its 200-day moving average is $55.54. Luxoft Holding has a 12 month low of $46.58 and a 12 month high of $66.18. Luxoft Holding (NYSE:LXFT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The company reported $0.82 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.01. Luxoft Holding had a net margin of 8.80% and a return on equity of 22.83%. The company earned $206.90 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $207.73 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.72 earnings per share. Luxoft Holding’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Luxoft Holding will post $2.89 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/luxoft-holding-inc-lxft-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Jacobson & Schmitt Advisors LLC increased its position in Luxoft Holding by 3.2% in the third quarter. Jacobson & Schmitt Advisors LLC now owns 68,065 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,597,000 after buying an additional 2,094 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. increased its position in Luxoft Holding by 458.8% in the third quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. now owns 278,892 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,740,000 after buying an additional 228,980 shares during the last quarter. Rit Capital Partners PLC acquired a new position in Luxoft Holding during the third quarter worth approximately $3,114,000. Wasatch Advisors Inc. increased its position in Luxoft Holding by 11.0% in the third quarter. Wasatch Advisors Inc. now owns 1,750,597 shares of the company’s stock worth $92,519,000 after buying an additional 172,807 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Luxoft Holding by 10.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,023,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,918,000 after buying an additional 194,848 shares during the last quarter. 91.04% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Luxoft Holding Company Profile Luxoft Holding, Inc is a provider of software development services and information technology solutions to a client base consisting of multinational corporations. The Company’s software development services consist of custom software development and support, product engineering and testing, and technology consulting. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Luxoft Holding (LXFT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Luxoft Holding Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Luxoft Holding Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Where are London's banks going post-Brexit? Here's a rundown of who's staying and who's looking elsewhere   UK officially sign Article 50 on Wednesday, triggering 2 years of divorce talks Banks put contingency plans in place and been eyeing up new EU headquarters  By Mark Shapland For This Is Money Published: 09:53 EDT, 28 March 2017 | Updated: 10:02 EDT, 28 March 2017 e-mail 16 shares 37 View comments Article 50 will officially be triggered this Wednesday, putting in jeopardy UK banks' access to the Single Market and potentially leaving many unable to properly service their global clients. Britain's financial sector has most to lose from Brexit, with the industry employing roughly 2 million people in the UK and making up 12 per cent of GDP.   Although Prime Minister Theresa May has promised the best deal possible for the City, many of the banks in the Square Mile have decided to make contingency plans for their EU headquarters should talks over the next two years move in the wrong direction. Under pressure: UK headquartered banks have drawn up contingency plans should Brexit negotiations take an ugly turn The chief concern is losing what is known in the industry as 'passporting' - something that helped turn London into the finance capital of the world in the last twenty years. Passporting is a major selling point as it allows financial institutions to sell their products throughout Europe, despite not being part of the single currency.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Top Bundesbank official says Brexit will end London's status... Why have Britain's banks been hit so hard by Brexit? The... Brexit: Now we'll find out what it REALLY means - with staff... Bosses EU alert: Farmers, retailers, and food groups warn... Share this article Share 16 shares If passporting were taken away then the City of London will have to turn to what is known legally as equivalence so that institutions can continue cross border trading with Europe. This states that businesses from one country can offer financial services in another on the grounds that their standards are similar enough that customers will be protected. But experts have dismissed 'equivalence', labeling it a second rate option.  Here we outline what the City's biggest financial institutions have said about the potential fallout from leaving the EU and what action they will take should negotiations become ugly.  UK banks  Lloyds Banking Group is near to making Berlin its EU base to secure Single Market access when Britain leaves the bloc. It is understood it is examining steps to turn its branch in Berlin into a subsidiary and may apply for a licence later this year. Lloyds has not stated how many jobs it would shift from London to the German capital should the bank's plans go ahead, but 97 per cent of its businesses remains in the UK for now.  Lloyds is eyeing Berlin as a possible hub for its Europe business HSBC has stated it will move around 1,000 jobs to Paris when the UK leaves the European Union. In January chief executive Stuart Gulliver said: 'We will move in about two years time when Brexit becomes effective.' He added:  'I don’t see the foreign exchange market moving, the investment grade bond market moving, the equity market moving and the high-yield bond market moving.' 'Specifically what will happen is those activities covered specifically by European financial regulation will need to move, looking at our own numbers - that’s about 20 per cent of the revenue.' HSBC has an edge over its competitors after buying Credit Commercial de France in 2002, which means it already has a base in Europe. HSBC already has a foothold in Europe, putting it in good stead for Brexit Barclays has chosen Dublin as its headquarters within the European Union. According to a report by Bloomberg, the bank is also aiming to add 150 staff in its Dublin office. Dublin is best known for its pint pulling and maybe one of the reasons the City is set to become the European HQ of Barclays  Barclays has already started scouring the city for more office space.  Standard Chartered is also considering making Dublin its legal base inside the European Union. But there are also reports that the lender is in talks with Germany’s regulator about choosing Frankfurt.  Simon Kutner, head of media relations, said: 'Our approach is to maximise planning and preparedness while we observe further developments, including the triggering of Article 50, and we are in the advanced stages of our planning for continued market access for our clients.'  Royal Bank of Scotland has remained tight-lipped about its specific plans post-Brexit, probably as a result of it still being 80 per cent owned by the Government. Nevertheless the chairman Sir Howard Davies has talked more widely about the damage Brexit could do to the financial sector. Who wins?  Dublin - Barclays, Standard Chartered, JP Morgan, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse Frankfurt - Standard Chartered, JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, UBS  London - RBS, Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank  Berlin - Lloyds  Paris -  HSBC *Citigroup, Standard Chartered, Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan have not made firm decisions  Back in November he called on Theresa May to draw up transitional arrangements for the country’s exit from the EU. He added that it would be damaging if there was no transitional plan and that banks would have to make decisions based on uncertainty. He told ITV’s Peston On Sunday programme: 'I think it is damaging if we don’t get a transitional deal because I think you will then see banks and financial institutions making decisions on the basis of uncertainty.' 'They will not wait because they have to make a decision which will allow them to be, to continue to function in the event of a hard Brexit if that’s a possibility.' He added: 'So they will not sit back, they are currently making contingency plans and once you’ve got a contingency plan – hey, there is a risk you might implement it one day.'  What about the foreign banks in London?  US banks Goldman Sachs is considering making Frankfurt its main hub inside the EU and could move 1,000 employees. JPMorgan Chase has scouted for office space in both Dublin and Frankfurt, with boss Jamie Dimon saying as many as 4,000 of its 16,000 UK employees could be moved. Citigroup is also weighing up Ireland and Frankfurt, with a decision expected by the summer.  Morgan Stanley would likely move 1,000 of about 6,000 UK employees out of the country make its European headquarters in Dublin or Frankfurt. Bank of America Merrill Lynch has hired property agents CBRE to identify sites in London as big as 500,000 square feet, meaning it is likely to keep its European headquarters in the UK.  European banks Deutsche Bank has begun negotiations over a move to new London headquarters in 2023, showing the bank’s commitment to the UK despite Brexit. Credit Suisse is exploring options for expanding in Dublin after Brexit. UBS chairman Axel Weber said this month that the bank will make a final decision on whether to move as many as 1,500 UK investment banking staff soon after Brexit is triggered. The Swiss bank’s German subsidiary in Frankfurt is licensed to do investment banking. EDITOR'S DEALS OF THE WEEK Current account Current account 1.5% interest on £20,000 123 account Savings account Savings account 1.1% easy access account* Top savings deal Peer-to-peer Peer-to-peer Invest £5k and earn £100 cashback Innovative Finance Isa Credit card Credit card 5% cashback for 3 months then 1.25% Platinum cashback Curent account Current account 3% interest on up to £1,500 To £165 cashback For current account rewards and interest conditions may apply eg. using provider's full switching service, min deposits and direct debits. For savings, access maybe limited, min/max deposits may apply. See T&Cs. Representative example: If you spend £1,200 at a purchase interest rate of 18.95% p.a. (variable) your representative rate will be 18.9% APR (variable). *Not FCSC protected. Read more: Lloyds Banking Group PLC ORD Share Price | This is Money HSBC Holdings PLC Share Price | This is Money Barclays PLC Share Price | This is Money Royal Bank of Scotland Group (The) PLC Share Price | This is Money Standard Chartered PLC Share Price | This is Money Share or comment on this article e-mail 16 shares When I found my £180,000 life savings had gone I sat on... Cancer sufferer Eileen cut her £3,000 travel cover bill... End this fraud epidemic: Santander should refund every... Councils that fine you if your parking ticket falls on... Why has Tesco been forced to compensate shareholders and... MARKETS CLOSE: London shares finish higher, while the... Italian police foil plot to steal the body of Enzo... Aviva boss sees his pay fall 20% in a year - but still... London listed Wolseley ditches its 130 year old name and... ASK TONY: Can you help a masonic lodge find a lost... Sterling's plummeting value since Brexit vote cost Virgin... Protect laptops on planes: Insurers hastily adapt... How to drink in profits from the craft beer boom: Real... Ladbrokes Coral takes £200m hit from merger as boss... ALEX BRUMMER: Paying EU's Brexit ransom request would be... Tesco takes a £235m hit for cooking books: Supermarket... Virgin Media suspend four workers over delayed roll-out... Where to find best rates for your Isa cash: Coventry best... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 37 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Free trades to 30 April Exchange traded funds - (ETFs). Terms apply Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS What type of investor are you? Work out your investing character Sponsored How can you save on the costs of owning a car... from a classic to a new one? Our guide, as the new road tax is introduced next month  MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany  Brexit: Now we'll find out what it REALLY means Staff and shoppers set to pay a heavy price SALLY HAMILTON: Start saving early to save yourself from a Grimm pension tale  UK savings crisis Two-fifths of the working age population have less than £100 in the bank I'm hopeless with money, says actor IAN MCNEICE who let a firm claim back his PPI and started investing in a pension at 60 NEIL WOODFORD PROFILE How patience and long-termism turned the Berkshire boy into the UK's top fund manager Why it may be the best time to bet on Europe Activating Article 50 should spark an extended period of volatility How to navigate the legal minefield before putting your house on the market In dispute with your neighbours or no building regulations for renovations? I want to drip feed money into an investing Isa in case markets crash... - is it still possible this close to the deadline? The top 10 reasons banks turn borrowers away From the generation rent trap to starting a family or an ex-partner's debts. The modified cars that keep their value: Overfinch's Range Rovers retain their 30% premium... - but now Land Rover wants to take tuners' business. Manchester sees the highest house price growth in the country over the last year... - while London drops to 10th place. Investing isn't only for the rich and is not too complicated Here's our free guide to getting started MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Investors clean up as our tip Johnson rises 501% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Affordable homes builder MJ Gleeson lifted by Generation Brexit MIDAS BOND TIP: Care home charity Greensleeves to fund expansion with £30m retail bond offering 4.25% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Compensation shake-up set to boost adviser Frenkel Topping which helps victims of terrible accidents MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Treatt's strategy bears fruit MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property trust LXI builds on solid foundations as it gears up for stock market float MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Delisting caps bitter period for cocoa bean company United Cacao MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Dundee-born Low & Bonar now has 15 factories worldwide as materials firm looks to grow         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets THE SCOTTISH INVESTMENT TRUST: The lone wolf fund on the hunt for 'ugly ducklings' JPM STERLING CORPORATE BOND: Why this fund is buying into high quality inflation-linked bonds         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa   Virgin Atlantic's fake-looking cash-call email   What state pension age proposals mean for you   Is your local Natwest or RBS branch set to shut?   Ebay user who bid £60k for a £5 note fails to pay up   Santander customers lose £36k to smishing scam Latest from Markets Retiring BAE boss Ian King picks up £3.5m after eight years at the helm of the defence giant Mulberry opens four new stores in Far East as it teams up with Singaporean billionaire Dulux maker launches fightback after rejecting £19bn offer from US predator  MARKET REPORT: Plumbing and heating specialist Wolseley eyes US ending 130 years of history and changing its name to Ferguson IN THE MONEY: Katherine Garrett-Cox, 49, ex chief exec, Alliance Trust, gets £1.2m for just three months' work Restaurant tycoons suffer £10m share slump: Family behind Ask, Garfunkel's and Prezzo see shares slump 40% Bookmaker Ladbrokes Coral boosted by sporting surprises and a bumper Cheltenham Festival DAILY BRIEFING: Mr Kipling maker Premier Foods slashes pension costs by £32m Blow for Sir Philip Green as Topshop chief quits for luxury rival White Company Housebuilder Redrow ditches plans to buy troubled rival Bovis after £1bn bid is knocked back MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News NETSCOUT CTO Paul Barrett Co-Chairs Open Networking User Group Monitoring & Analytics 2.0 Committee WESTFORD, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC., (NASDAQ: NTCT), a leading provider of business assurance, a powerful combination of service assurance, cybersecurity, and business intelligence solutions, today announced that Paul Barrett, NETSCOUT’s chief technology officer for Enterprise, was voted in as a co-chair of the Open Networking User Group (ONUG) Monitoring & Analytics 2.0 Open IT Framework Initiatives committee. ONUG’s mission is to enable greater choice and options for IT business leaders by advocating for open interoperable hardware and software-defined infrastructure solutions that span across the entire IT stack, all in an effort to create business value. “Ensuring IT organizations can maintain full visibility of their applications and services as they migrate to the cloud is a central part of NETSCOUT’s mission,” stated Paul Barrett, chief technology officer, NETSCOUT. “ONUG brings together senior executives from IT organizations and vendors alike, and provides a forum where we can discuss the opportunities and challenges presented by digital transformation and how we – as an industry – can best meet them.” ONUG, founded in 2012, is a community of 5,000 IT end users and currently has 31 vendor member companies who are actively working year round to advance a set of new industry initiatives focused on open IT frameworks developed by the IT user community. NETSCOUT joined ONUG in 2016. “We are pleased to have NETSCOUT as an active member of ONUG and look forward to drawing on their expertise to coordinate and drive the Monitoring & Analytics 2.0 initiative,” said Nick Lippis, co-chairman and co-founder, ONUG. “This new initiative will focus on infrastructure analytic applications and monitoring 2.0, spanning from the state information and format required from underlay and overlay components, to its storage and retrieval in a data lake, to a range of new applications that assist IT business leaders and operational teams with their best-of-breed solution integration work and lifecycle management of cloud-based software-defined infrastructure.” About ONUG ONUG is the leading community of IT executives focused on enabling greater choice and options for IT business leaders by advocating open interoperable hardware and software-defined infrastructure solutions that span across the entire IT stack, all in an effort to create business value. The ONUG Board is composed of IT leaders from Bank of America, BNY Mellon, Cigna, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, eBay, FedEx, Fidelity Investments, Gap Inc., GE, Intuit, JPMorgan Chase, the Lippis Report, Morgan Stanley, Pfizer, TD Ameritrade, UBS, and Yahoo. For more on ONUG, go to www.OpenNetworkingUserGroup.com or follow us on Twitter @ONUG_. About NETSCOUT NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. (NASDAQ: NTCT) is a leading provider of business assurance – a powerful combination of service assurance, cybersecurity, and business intelligence solutions – for today’s most demanding service provider, enterprise and government networks. NETSCOUT’s Adaptive Service Intelligence (ASI) technology continuously monitors the service delivery environment to identify performance issues and provides insight into network-based security threats, helping teams to quickly resolve issues that can cause business disruptions or impact user experience. NETSCOUT delivers unmatched service visibility and protects the digital infrastructure that supports our connected world. To learn more, visit www.netscout.com or follow @NETSCOUT on Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn. ©2017 NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC. All rights reserved. NETSCOUT, the NETSCOUT logo, Guardians of the Connected World, Adaptive Service Intelligence, InfiniStream, InfiniStreamNG, nGenius and nGeniusONE are registered trademarks or trademarks of NETSCOUT SYSTEMS, INC., and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in the USA and/or other countries. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, Environment, Industry, intelligence, officer, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BMC Group Appoints Prominent Bankruptcy Specialist Lorenzo Mendizabal to an Executive Vice President Position Next PostNext Infinity Augmented Reality Appoints Tech Veteran Ronen Heldman as Chief Marketing Officer Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 March 2017 by Military News Publication of Prospectus NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS, ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA), AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER STATE OR JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.   THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS AN ADVERTISEMENT AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROSPECTUS OR PROSPECTUS EQUIVALENT DOCUMENT. NOTHING IN IT SHALL CONSTITUTE AN OFFERING OF ANY SECURITIES. ANY DECISION TO PURCHASE, SUBSCRIBE FOR, OTHERWISE ACQUIRE, SELL OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ANY PROVISIONAL ALLOTMENT LETTER, NIL PAID RIGHTS, FULLY PAID RIGHTS, AND/OR NEW ORDINARY SHARES MUST BE MADE ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN AND INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE PROSPECTUS.   28 March 2017   Publication of Prospectus   Further to the announcement made earlier today by Cobham plc (the Company or Cobham) regarding its intention to raise £512.4 million (gross proceeds) by way of the Rights Issue, the Company announces that the prospectus regarding the Rights Issue (the Prospectus) has been approved by the UK Listing Authority.   The Prospectus containing full details of the Rights Issue will be made available on www.cobhaminvestors.com later today and will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism, where it will be available for inspection at www.morningstar.co.uk/uk/nsm. Copies of the Prospectus will also be available for inspection during normal business hours on any Business Day at the registered office of the Company at Brook Road, Wimborne, Dorset BH21 2BJ.   Capitalised terms used in this announcement shall have the meanings set out in the Prospectus.   Enquiries   Cobham plc +44 (0)1202 857 998 Julian Wais, Director of Investor Relations MHP Communications +44 (0)20 3128  8100 Reg Hoare/Tim Rowntree/Jamie Ricketts BofA Merrill Lynch                   +44 (0)20 7628 1000 Ian Ferguson Peter Luck Daniel Norman Joshua Maguire J.P. Morgan Cazenove                            +44 (0)20 7742 4000 Edmund Byers Richard Perelman Nicholas Hall Laurene Danon Barclays Bank PLC                                  + 44 (0)20 7623 2323 Mark Astaire Lawrence Jamieson   Cautionary Statements   This announcement has been issued by and is the sole responsibility of Cobham. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may or should be placed by any person for any purpose whatsoever on the information contained in this announcement or on its accuracy or completeness. The information in this announcement is subject to change.   This announcement is an advertisement and not a prospectus and not an offer of Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, including in or into the United States, Australia, Canada, Dubai International Financial Centre, Guernsey, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, South Africa or any jurisdiction where the availability of the Rights Issue (and any other transactions contemplated in relation to it) would breach any applicable laws or regulations (each an Excluded Territory).     Neither this announcement nor anything contained in it shall form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any offer or commitment whatsoever in any jurisdiction. Investors should not acquire any Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares referred to in this announcement except on the basis of the information contained in the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus will be available from Cobham plc, Brook Road, Wimborne, Dorset BH21 2BJ and on Cobham’s website at www.cobhaminvestors.com. Neither the content of the Company’s website nor any website accessible by hyperlinks on the Company’s website is incorporated in, or forms part of, this announcement.   The distribution of this announcement, the Prospectus, the Provisional Allotment Letter, and the offering or transfer of Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares into jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom may be restricted by law, and, therefore, persons into whose possession this announcement, the Prospectus, the Provisional Allotment Letter and/or any accompanying documents comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of such jurisdiction. In particular, subject to certain exceptions, this announcement, the Prospectus and the Provisional Allotment Letters should not be distributed, forwarded to or transmitted in or into the United States or any other Excluded Territory.   Recipients of this announcement and/or the Prospectus should conduct their own investigation, evaluation and analysis of the business, data and property described in this announcement and/or the Prospectus. This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning any investor’s options with respect to the Rights Issue. The price and value of securities can go down as well as up. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The contents of this announcement are not to be construed as legal, business, financial or tax advice. Each Shareholder or prospective investor should consult his, her or its own legal adviser, business adviser, financial adviser or tax adviser for legal, financial, business or tax advice.   This announcement is not and does not contain an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States or any other Excluded Territory, or any other state or jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful. The securities to which this announcement relates (the Securities) have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, registration under the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of the Securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities may not be offered or sold in any other Excluded Territory or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of such countries.    Accordingly, subject to certain exceptions, the Rights Issue is not being made in the United States and neither this announcement, the Prospectus nor the Provisional Allotment Letters constitute or will constitute an offer, or an invitation to apply for, or an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or acquire any Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares in the United States. Subject to certain limited exceptions, Provisional Allotment Letters have not been, and will not be, sent to, and Nil Paid Rights have not been, and will not be, credited to the CREST account of, any Qualifying Shareholder with a registered address in or that is located in the United States.   The information in this announcement may not be forwarded or distributed to any other person and may not be reproduced in any manner whatsoever. Any forwarding, distribution, reproduction, or disclosure of this information in whole or in part is unauthorised. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions.   Each of Merrill Lynch International (BofA Merrill Lynch), J.P. Morgan Securities plc, which conducts its UK investment banking activities as J.P. Morgan Cazenove (J.P. Morgan Cazenove) and Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays) is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and regulated in the United Kingdom by the PRA and FCA, is acting exclusively for Cobham and no one else in connection with the Rights Issue, and will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this announcement) as their respective clients in relation to the Rights Issue and will not be responsible to anyone other than Cobham for providing the protections afforded to its respective clients or for providing advice in relation to the Rights Issue referred to in this announcement or any other transaction, arrangement or matter referred to in this announcement.   No action has been taken by the Company, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove or Barclays that would permit an offering of the Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares or possession or distribution of this announcement, the Prospectus, the Provisional Allotment Letter or any other offering or publicity material relating to the Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required by the Company, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions.   No representation or warranty, express or implied, is or will be made as to, or in relation to, and no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove or Barclays or their respective affiliates or agents as to, or in relation to, the accuracy or completeness of this announcement or any other information made available to or publicly available to any interested party or its advisers, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, and any liability therefore is expressly disclaimed.   In connection with the proposed Rights Issue, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates, may in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory provisions, engage in transactions in relation to the Nil Paid Rights, the Fully Paid Rights, the New Ordinary Shares and/or related instruments for their own account for the purpose of hedging their underwriting exposure or otherwise. Accordingly, references in the Prospectus to the Nil Paid Rights, Fully Paid Rights or New Ordinary Shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates acting in such capacity.  In addition BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps or contracts for differences) with investors in connection with which BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove, Barclays and any of their affiliates may from time to time acquire, hold or dispose of Ordinary Shares. BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan Cazenove and Barclays do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.         CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, engage, Legal, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Turkcell Partners with the World Economic Forum and Global Stakeholders for the Fourth Industrial Revolution Next PostNext FEC Wins Multiple Awards in FinanceAsia’s “Best Company Poll 2017” Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mantech International Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mantech International Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Precision Drilling Corp’s (PDS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering Ferrari (RACE) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co upgraded shares of Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) from an underperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on MANT. Zacks Investment Research cut Mantech International Corp from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Maxim Group cut Mantech International Corp from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $44.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Loop Capital started coverage on Mantech International Corp in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a hold rating and a $42.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC restated an underperform rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of Mantech International Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, TheStreet cut Mantech International Corp from a b rating to a c+ rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $40.40. Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) opened at 34.51 on Thursday. Mantech International Corp has a 52-week low of $30.49 and a 52-week high of $45.52. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $37.13 and its 200-day moving average is $39.78. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.46 and a beta of 1.35. Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.35. The firm had revenue of $394.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $399.58 million. Mantech International Corp had a return on equity of 4.70% and a net margin of 3.51%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.37 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Mantech International Corp will post $1.47 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/mantech-international-corp-mant-raised-to-market-perform-at-wells-fargo-co.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th were given a $0.21 dividend. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.43%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. Mantech International Corp’s payout ratio is currently 28.19%. In related news, insider L. William Varner sold 12,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.18, for a total value of $452,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 12,500 shares in the company, valued at $452,250. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, COO Kevin M. Phillips sold 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.96, for a total value of $539,400.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 32,656 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,174,309.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 22.28% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of MANT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 144.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 57,028 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,149,000 after buying an additional 33,675 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,016,881 shares of the company’s stock worth $76,016,000 after buying an additional 174,885 shares during the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 5.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,227,366 shares of the company’s stock worth $46,259,000 after buying an additional 66,471 shares during the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 3.7% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 44,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,681,000 after buying an additional 1,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 20.5% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 60,963 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,575,000 after buying an additional 10,360 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 62.93% of the company’s stock. About Mantech International Corp ManTech International Corporation is a provider of technologies and solutions for national security programs for the intelligence community; the departments of Defense, State, Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, Veterans Affairs and Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI); the space community, and other United States Government customers. Receive News & Ratings for Mantech International Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mantech International Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) AQR Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC lowered its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) by 1.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 161,308 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 2,047 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. were worth $3,058,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of PEI. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares in the last quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. increased its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares in the last quarter. Independent Order of Foresters increased its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares in the last quarter. Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees bought a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter valued at $180,000. Finally, Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc bought a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter valued at $200,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) opened at 14.41 on Tuesday. The stock’s market cap is $1.00 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $16.10 and its 200 day moving average is $19.12. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 12 month low of $13.76 and a 12 month high of $25.67. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.42. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The firm had revenue of $104.86 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $63.37 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.58 earnings per share. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.15) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 27th. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.83%. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s payout ratio is -133.33%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “AQR Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/aqr-capital-management-llc-cuts-stake-in-pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on PEI. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $27.00 to $22.00 in a research report on Monday, December 12th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC restated an “underweight” rating and set a $16.00 price objective (down previously from $20.00) on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $21.43. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is an integrated, self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States. It is engaged in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, redevelopment, development and disposition of shopping malls. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI). Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kimberly Clark Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Shares Sold by Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd cut its position in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) by 1.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 244,088 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,952 shares during the period. Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd’s holdings in Kimberly Clark Corp were worth $27,855,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of KMB. Alta Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Kimberly Clark Corp by 5.1% in the third quarter. Alta Capital Management LLC now owns 13,849 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,746,000 after buying an additional 674 shares during the last quarter. Forte Capital LLC ADV increased its stake in Kimberly Clark Corp by 15.5% in the third quarter. Forte Capital LLC ADV now owns 8,131 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,026,000 after buying an additional 1,091 shares during the last quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc increased its stake in Kimberly Clark Corp by 7.2% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 40,671 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,131,000 after buying an additional 2,727 shares during the last quarter. Prospera Financial Services Inc increased its stake in Kimberly Clark Corp by 11.9% in the third quarter. Prospera Financial Services Inc now owns 2,697 shares of the company’s stock worth $341,000 after buying an additional 286 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nisa Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Kimberly Clark Corp by 3.1% in the third quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 146,556 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,487,000 after buying an additional 4,386 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.65% of the company’s stock. Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) opened at 132.36 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $47.16 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.10 and a beta of 0.65. Kimberly Clark Corp has a 12-month low of $111.30 and a 12-month high of $138.87. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $130.88 and its 200 day moving average is $121.14. Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $1.45 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.03. Kimberly Clark Corp had a return on equity of 614.22% and a net margin of 11.90%. The firm had revenue of $4.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.56 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.42 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up .1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Kimberly Clark Corp will post $6.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be given a dividend of $0.97 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 8th. This is a boost from Kimberly Clark Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.92. This represents a $3.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.93%. Kimberly Clark Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 61.54%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Shares Sold by Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/kimberly-clark-corp-kmb-shares-sold-by-jarislowsky-fraser-ltd.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Kimberly Clark Corp from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $134.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Kimberly Clark Corp in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $139.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Kimberly Clark Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $121.00 target price on shares of Kimberly Clark Corp in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Societe Generale downgraded shares of Kimberly Clark Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $139.00 to $144.00 in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $133.95. In other news, insider Kimberly K. Underhill sold 4,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $120.95, for a total transaction of $483,800.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 17,912 shares in the company, valued at $2,166,456.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Kimberly Clark Corp Company Profile Kimberly-Clark Corporation is engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a range of products made from natural or synthetic fibers. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, Consumer Tissue, K-C Professional and Corporate & Other. The Company’s Personal Care segment offers various solutions and products, such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KMB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB). Receive News & Ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
What Do Analysts Think Of Hvivo (LON:HVO) This Week? Analysts Consensus For Huntsworth (LON:HNT) Recent Broker Updates On Hunting (LON:HTG) Analysts Consensus For Hummingbird Resources (LON:HUM) Analysts Consensus For HSS Hire Group (LON:HSS) Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, Mar 28th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Brian Radcliffe This Weeks Target Prices For Shake Shack, Inc. (NYSE:SHAK) Recently stock market analysts have updated their consensus ratings on shares of Shake Shack, Inc. (NYSE:SHAK). Most recent broker ratings 03/20/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “neutral” by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a USD 33 price target on the stock. 03/02/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “underweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a USD 34 price target on the stock. 03/02/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at SunTrust. They now have a USD 49 price target on the stock. 03/02/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at Buckingham Research. They now have a USD 39 price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at BTIG Research. They now have a USD 40 price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “equal weight” rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays. They now have a USD 40 price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 38 price target on the stock. 08/11/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan. 03/30/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “buy” by analysts at Longbow Research. They now have a USD 46 price target on the stock. 03/08/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus. 01/19/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “outperform” by analysts at William Blair. 09/11/2015 – Cowen began new coverage on Shake Shack, Inc. giving the company a “market perform” rating. They now have a USD 42 price target on the stock. 07/09/2015 – Shake Shack, Inc. was downgraded to “sell” by analysts at Goldman Sachs. They now have a USD 37 price target on the stock. 05/15/2015 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “buy” by analysts at Zacks. They now have a USD 78 price target on the stock. Shake Shack, Inc. has a 50 day moving average of 34.08 and a 200 day moving average of 34.86. The stock’s market capitalization is 822.68M, it has a 52-week low of 30.36 and a 52-week high of 42.94. The share price of the company (NYSE:SHAK) was down -0.12% during the last trading session, with a high of 32.45 and the volume of Shake Shack, Inc. shares traded was 361249. Shake Shack Inc. operates roadside burger stands. The Company serves an American menu of burgers, hot dogs, crispy chicken, frozen custard, crinkle cut fries, shakes, beer and wine, among others. The Company has approximately 84 Shacks in over 10 countries and approximately 45 cities. The Company’s signature items are its all-natural, hormone and antibiotic-free burgers, hot dogs, crispy chicken, crinkle cut fries, shakes and frozen custard. Its menu focuses on food and beverages, crafted from a range of classic American foods. The Company’s domestic menu includes a range of signature items, such as the ShackBurger, SmokeShack, Shack-cago Dog, ‘Shroom Burger, seasonal frozen custard, hand-spun shakes, concretes, ShackMeister Ale, and Shack Red and Shack White wines. Its burgers are made with a whole-muscle blend of all-natural, hormone and antibiotic-free Angus beef, ground fresh daily, cooked to order and served on a non-genetically modified organism (GMO) potato bun. More from Reuters » Receive Shake Shack, Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shake Shack, Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News What Do Analysts Think Of Hvivo (LON:HVO) This Week? Analysts Consensus For Huntsworth (LON:HNT) Recent Broker Updates On Hunting (LON:HTG) Analysts Consensus For Hummingbird Resources (LON:HUM) Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends The Price of High Yields The stocks with the most generous payouts may not be as good as they look at first blush. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography March 25, 2017 2:34 a.m. ET Beware of juicy yields. They may be hiding something, as a recent look at the highest-yielding stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index reveals. A big yield is desirable, of course, given how low interest rates remain by historical... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Stocks Poised to Beat the Market in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tech Stocks That Sit in the Sweet Spot Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Could Pfizer Make Cash Bid for Bristol-Myers? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CVS Stock: Four Reasons Why It’s Undervalued Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis 2 Ford Asks the Tough Questions On Self-Driving 3 Apple Might Need a New Move Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Altisource Residential Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altisource Residential Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €101.00 Price Target Galapagos NV (GLPG) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Habit Restaurants Inc (HABT) Earns Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) Price Target Cut to $18.50 Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Price Target Cut to $44.00 Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Altisource Residential Corp (NYSE:RESI) announced a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, March 22nd. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a dividend of 0.15 per share on Thursday, April 13th. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.06%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Shares of Altisource Residential Corp (NYSE:RESI) opened at 14.78 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $13.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.76. Altisource Residential Corp has a 12 month low of $7.81 and a 12 month high of $14.92. The stock’s market cap is $793.20 million. Altisource Residential Corp (NYSE:RESI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($1.14) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.51) by $0.63. The company earned $12.06 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.07 million. Altisource Residential Corp had a negative net margin of 338.43% and a negative return on equity of 16.34%. Altisource Residential Corp’s revenue for the quarter was down 50.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($1.18) EPS. On average, analysts expect that Altisource Residential Corp will post ($1.48) EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Altisource Residential Corp news, CEO George G. Ellison bought 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $14.47 per share, with a total value of $289,400.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 0.12% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. RESI has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on Altisource Residential Corp in a research report on Monday, February 27th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Deutsche Bank AG reduced their price target on Altisource Residential Corp from $17.50 to $16.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Citigroup Inc increased their price target on Altisource Residential Corp from $11.00 to $14.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Altisource Residential Corp in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on Altisource Residential Corp from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $14.88. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/altisource-residential-corp-resi-to-go-ex-dividend-on-march-29th.html. Altisource Residential Corp Company Profile Altisource Residential Corporation is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is focused on acquiring, owning and managing single-family rental properties throughout the United States. The Company operates through the segment focused on the resolution of sub-performing and non-performing mortgages, and acquisition and ownership of rental residential properties. Receive News & Ratings for Altisource Residential Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altisource Residential Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Five Below Inc to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.58 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (FIVE) Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Major Shareholder Deer Park Road Management Comp Purchases 43,404 Shares of Stock Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) Director William E. Ferry Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Lennox International Inc. (LII) EVP Daniel M. Sessa Sells 6,990 Shares BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Insider Peter Alexander Sells 22,509 Shares Compass Group plc (CPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Greene King plc (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Omeros Co. (OMER) Given a $22.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Receives Buy Rating from Guggenheim Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research StealthGas Inc. (GASS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (CVU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” DXC Technology Company (DXC) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Viper Energy Partners LP (VNOM) Receives “Hold” Rating from Scotiabank Phillips 66 (PSX) Receives Hold Rating from Scotiabank Beadell Resources (BDREF) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Given a $28.00 Price Target at Craig Hallum M Partners Weighs in on Golden Queen Mining Co.’s FY2018 Earnings (GQM) Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $3.91 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Marshall & Sullivan Inc. WA March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Marshall & Sullivan Inc. WA decreased its stake in shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) by 0.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 28,951 shares of the company’s stock after selling 75 shares during the period. PepsiCo comprises approximately 3.7% of Marshall & Sullivan Inc. WA’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Marshall & Sullivan Inc. WA’s holdings in PepsiCo were worth $3,029,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of PEP. Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. bought a new stake in PepsiCo during the fourth quarter valued at $216,000. Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. increased its stake in PepsiCo by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 64,247 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,722,000 after buying an additional 2,300 shares in the last quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC increased its stake in PepsiCo by 685.6% in the fourth quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC now owns 16,026 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,677,000 after buying an additional 13,986 shares in the last quarter. Frontier Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in PepsiCo by 13.6% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Wealth Management LLC now owns 46,557 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,871,000 after buying an additional 5,557 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Trexquant Investment LP increased its stake in PepsiCo by 166.7% in the fourth quarter. Trexquant Investment LP now owns 16,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,758,000 after buying an additional 10,500 shares in the last quarter. 70.43% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) opened at 111.83 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $109.21 and its 200 day moving average is $105.87. PepsiCo, Inc. has a 52 week low of $98.50 and a 52 week high of $112.38. The stock has a market cap of $159.61 billion, a PE ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.20 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.16 by $0.04. PepsiCo had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 56.16%. The company earned $19.52 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $19.51 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.06 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 5.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 3rd will be paid a $0.7525 dividend. This represents a $3.01 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.69%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 1st. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 66.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Marshall & Sullivan Inc. WA” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/pepsico-inc-pep-shares-sold-by-marshall-sullivan-inc-wa.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on PEP. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $115.00 price target on shares of PepsiCo in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG lifted their price target on shares of PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $115.00 price objective on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Friday, March 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. PepsiCo presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $113.94. In other news, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total value of $466,251.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 112,519 shares in the company, valued at approximately $12,320,830.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Ramon Laguarta sold 23,585 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $109.05, for a total transaction of $2,571,944.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 135,859 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $14,815,423.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 44,343 shares of company stock valued at $4,850,480 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. About PepsiCo PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us How Bill Nelson shook up the Gorsuch confirmation fight Trump breaks the silent treatment with Schumer: 'Hello, Chuck' Four Things Trump Could Do Right Now To Fix Obamacare Republicans rally around Nunes as Russia firestorm spreads GOP on reviving Obamacare repeal: Lots of talk, no action Schumer headed for epic clash with McConnell White House CEOs take front-seat role driving policy Transportation, energy and finance executives are among the first tapped by the Trump team for guidance. By Andrew Restuccia 03/28/17 05:05 AM EDT President Donald Trump holds a listening session on health care with truckers and CEOs from the American Trucking Associations in the Cabinet Room at the White House on March 23. | Getty Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print During an Oval Office meeting with Donald Trump just days after his inauguration, the CEOs of the nation's three biggest automakers urged the new president to rethink the Obama administration's strict pollution limits for vehicles. “I think he’s going to be good for our industry," Ford Motor CEO Mark Fields told attendees at an auto industry conference soon after the meeting, adding later, “As an industry, we have a seat at the table.” Story Continued Below Fields was right. According to people briefed on the matter, the White House leaned heavily on top auto industry officials as it mapped out a strategy for dealing with Obama's fuel economy rules, which would mandate that the nation's fleet of new vehicles get more than 50 miles per gallon on average by 2025. Less than two months after the Oval Office meeting, the automakers got their way. During a speech in Detroit, Trump directed the EPA to reconsider the Obama administration's conclusion that automakers are capable of meeting the fuel economy standards, taking the first step toward potentially weakening the rules. Since taking office, Trump and his top advisers have met with dozens of industry and business officials, giving the executives an unparalleled opportunity to influence the president's nascent policy agenda. So far, Trump's policies neatly align with industry priorities on everything from approving the Keystone XL oil pipeline to rolling back financial regulations to moving the country's air traffic control operations out of the Federal Aviation Administration. The Trump administration is poised to give the business community even more influence through its new "White House Office of American Innovation," which will work with dozens of corporate executives to come up with ideas to reorganize the federal government. White House White House looks to rack up wins after health care calamity By Tara Palmeri Increasingly, career staff at federal agencies are being left out of policy discussions amid simmering distrust between Trump's advisers and the thousands of bureaucrats stationed across the government. EPA's transportation experts were sidelined during the internal discussion about reopening Obama's fuel economy standards, infuriating staffers who had worked on the issue for years, according to two people familiar with the issue. And Trump's political appointees did not consult with State Department officials before the president issued a January memo calling for a Keystone approval. Trump often asks CEOs during private conversations to list the federal regulations they would most like to eliminate, according to people who have spoken with him. And he presses the executives for "big ideas" about how to bring back U.S. jobs. Industry and business executives are sometimes astonished by the level of access they have to the Trump administration, especially after eight years with Barack Obama in the White House. "They’ve been shut out for so long that they’re still trying to figure out that they are allowed to say what they want to say," said the leader of an industry-backed advocacy group, who requested anonymity to characterize interactions with the president. "It’s a different dynamic now." But government watchdogs and progressive groups argue that Trump is beholden to the interests of big business over the American people, comparing his frequent meetings with deep-pocketed executives to former President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney's close cooperation with the energy industry. "Trump is definitely trying to position himself as the president of big business and that’s a problem," said Nick Schwellenbach, the director of investigations at the Project On Government Oversight. "Obviously business is important, but other considerations need to be taken into account when we’re talking about national policy decisions.” Over the last two months, Trump has met with executives from the technology, energy, health care, retail, airline, financial services, automotive, chemical and manufacturing industries. It's impossible to develop a complete list of Trump's discussions with industry and business executives because the White House has not yet released visitor logs and many of the president's meetings at his Mar-a-Lago estate are not made public. White House White House blame game intensifies as Trump agenda stalls By Alex Isenstadt "President Trump has always made clear he recognizes the importance of meeting with business leaders and workers at all levels," a White House official said, noting that Trump has also met with union workers, veterans and small business owners. "The President is committed to supporting American workers, which is why he goes straight to the source to assess what is working and what isn't." During the Republican primaries, many industry officials were deeply skeptical of Trump, who often targets companies for shipping jobs overseas and once dismissed the oil industry as a "special interest." But after it became clear he'd be the Republican nominee, Trump and his team built strong relationships with the very industries he once criticized. Early on, Trump's transition team was stacked with lobbyists with ties to the fossil fuel, chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Transition team officials repeatedly held "listening sessions" with industry representatives from the technology, health care and energy sectors in the months before Trump took office, according to people who attended, giving lobbyists a forum to make policy recommendations to the then-candidate's advisers. Trump later imposed lobbying restrictions on people serving in the transition and, once he became president, issued an executive order limiting the role of lobbyists in his administration. Despite Trump's restrictions, several former industry lobbyists are now serving in the Trump administration, including Mike Catanzaro, a White House energy adviser who previously lobbied for fossil fuel companies. The administration is also brimming with former business executives, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. Exxon Mobil, the company that Tillerson led for more than a decade, won a high-profile endorsement from Trump earlier this month for its announcement that it is investing in manufacturing jobs in the U.S. The White House issued a statement, a rare minute-long video praising Exxon's announcement and Trump took to Twitter to heap praise on the company. Trump's energy policy often echoes fossil fuel companies' priorities. Industry groups have for years advocated for a Keystone approval (Exxon lobbied in favor of the pipeline), which Trump's State Department green-lighted on Friday, reversing an Obama administration decision. Tillerson personally lobbied to kill an Obama administration regulation that required oil and mining companies to disclose their payments to foreign governments. In February, Trump signed a Congress-backed resolution killing the rule. The president is slated to sign an executive order on Tuesday that, according to people briefed on the matter, will read like an oil and coal industry wishlist. The order will begin the process of overturning Obama's landmark climate regulations limiting emissions from power plants and it will take steps to overturn or review Obama-era limits on coal leasing, fracking and methane emissions on public lands — all top industry priorities. Several energy executives have talked to Trump in recent months about their concerns with Obama's regulations, including Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm, who helped shape Trump's energy policies during the campaign, and Robert Murray, the CEO of coal company Murray Energy. A Murray spokesman declined to comment on his communications with the president. White House coy about source of Nunes’ wiretapping evidence By Matthew Nussbaum Murray and National Mining Association President Hal Quinn attended an event at the White House in which Trump signed a resolution overturning an Obama administration regulation meant to protect streams from mountaintop removal coal mining. Trump administration officials have met with representatives from oil and coal companies, including Peabody Energy and ConocoPhillips, as they weigh whether to stay in the Paris climate change agreement, according to people familiar with the meetings. At the urging of billionaire investor Carl Icahn, a friend of the president, Trump administration officials also briefly discussed making changes to a federal biofuels program, according to a person familiar with the internal deliberations. The change would have benefited Icahn's oil refinery business. When a group of airline executives met with Trump at the White House in February, they pitched him on one of their biggest priorities: spinning off air traffic control operations from the FAA to a nonprofit corporation whose board would include airline representatives. The proposal, which was also pushed by lawmakers like House Transportation Chairman Bill Shuster (R-Pa.), was later included in Trump's budget proposal. In many cases Trump's deregulatory agenda closely mimics industry groups recommendations. The powerful Business Roundtable, which is chaired by JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, outlined a list of "top regulations of concern" in a February letter to the White House. Several of the measures mentioned on the list are already in the process of being overturned, including climate change regulations for power plants; a water regulation to protect the country's streams and wetlands; the so-called Cadillac tax (the tax was delayed in the ill-fated Republican health care bill); and the regulation requiring disclosure of payments to foreign governments. "Almost every action that they’re taking is deregulatory, which is a direct benefit to some industry," said Lisa Gilbert, vice president of legislative affairs at Public Citizen. Days after having a private meeting with Trump at the White House, Dimon was by Trump's side when the president signed an executive order in February that took the first steps toward rolling back Obama administration financial regulations. Morning Energy The source for energy and environment news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses and they can't borrow money,” Trump said during the signing ceremony. "The banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." Trump's frequent contact with CEOs is leading to heightened scrutiny from outside groups. Former Obama administration lawyers are raising questions about a phone call earlier this month between Trump and Joseph Swedish, the CEO of Anthem, the country's second-largest health insurer. Anthem is seeking federal approval for its $54 billion acquisition of Cigna. In a recent letter to the Justice Department, the coalition of Obama lawyers, known as United to Protect Democracy, called for an investigation into possible contacts between the White House and the Justice Department, which is overseeing the merger. The letter points to the call between Trump and Swedish, and notes that Makan Delrahim, a current deputy White House counsel who previously lobbied for Anthem, is expected to be nominated to lead the Justice Department's antitrust division. Trump announced his intent to nominate Delrahim to the Justice Department job on Monday night. The White House strongly denied that anything improper took place, saying in a statement that Trump discussed the health care bill with Swedish "and the White House took specific precautions to ensure that neither the merger nor the related litigation was discussed during the call." "Evenhanded treatment under the law is a bedrock principle of our democracy," the Obama lawyers wrote in the letter. "The American people depend on the [Justice Department] to enforce our federal laws equally as to all parties, regardless of those parties’ size, influence, or political connections." Nancy Cook, Kathryn A. Wolfe, Paul Demko, Victoria Guida and Theodoric Meyer contributed to this story. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Andrew Restuccia arestuccia@politico.com @AndrewRestuccia This story tagged under: White House Business Keystone XL Keystone XL Pipeline Environment Economy Donald Trump Rex Tillerson Ford President Donald Trump Donald Trump Presidency POLITICO Podcast: The Global Politico The Global Politico puts punditry aside in favor of candid, in-depth conversations about global politics with those who are helping shape it with chief international affairs columnist and host Susan B. Glasser. Subscribe | Listen on Soundcloud | Listen on Stitcher | Sign Up Now Show Comments Most Read Congress may stiff Trump on wall funding How Bill Nelson shook up the Gorsuch confirmation fight Schumer headed for epic clash with McConnell Swalwell on Nunes fallout: ‘This is what a cover-up to a crime looks like’ Trump signs order to end ‘crushing attack’ of Obama climate legacy Pruitt takes fire from conservatives in climate showdown Mar-a-Lago can't release visitor logs — because it doesn't keep them Trump breaks the silent treatment with Schumer: 'Hello, Chuck' Republicans rally around Nunes as Russia firestorm spreads Trump won’t throw first pitch on Nationals opening day Politico Magazine How the Sanctions Are Helping Putin By Andrey Movchan What George W. Bush Can Teach Trump About the Press By Matt Latimer Trump’s a Dictator? He Can’t Even Repeal Obamacare By Francis Fukuyama Why Philly’s Russians Are Crazy for Trump By Malcolm Burnley More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News equinet AG Reiterates €15.50 Price Target for Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Winnebago Industries’ (WGO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Griffin Securities DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at B. Riley Nike Inc (NKE) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Pacific Crest Begins Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Capita Plc (CTAGY) to Sell Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for BRP Inc (DOO) Boosted by Northcoast Research Insider Buying: European Assets Trust NV (EAT) Insider Purchases 263 Shares of Stock VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Price Target Raised to $20.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) to Hold Luxoft Holding Inc (LXFT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Increased to $183.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €8.40 by Citigroup Inc Lumentum Holdings’ (LITE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Mantech International Corp (MANT) Raised to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) PT Raised to $48.00 Vista Outdoor Inc (VSTO) Now Covered by Analysts at Off Wall Street Royal Nickel Corp Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share (RNX) State Street Corp Increases Position in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (NYSE:TAHO) by 5.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,061,732 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 166,860 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Tahoe Resources were worth $28,842,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Greystone Managed Investments Inc. acquired a new stake in Tahoe Resources during the third quarter worth $54,790,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in Tahoe Resources during the third quarter worth $36,521,000. Cidel Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Tahoe Resources during the third quarter worth $15,359,000. Analytic Investors LLC boosted its stake in Tahoe Resources by 3,307.5% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 562,237 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,214,000 after buying an additional 545,737 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in Tahoe Resources during the fourth quarter worth $5,054,000. 62.18% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (NYSE:TAHO) opened at 7.86 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $8.27 and its 200 day moving average is $10.05. The company has a market capitalization of $2.45 billion, a PE ratio of 19.31 and a beta of 0.47. Tahoe Resources Inc has a 52 week low of $7.12 and a 52 week high of $17.01. The company also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be given a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.05%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 21st. Tahoe Resources’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -480.00%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/state-street-corp-increases-position-in-tahoe-resources-inc-taho.html. A number of research firms recently weighed in on TAHO. Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of Tahoe Resources from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $27.00 to $19.00 in a research note on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Tahoe Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $11.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Tahoe Resources from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.00. Tahoe Resources Company Profile Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operating, mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are to operate the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation in southeastern Guatemala; the La Arena mine, a gold mining operation located in northwestern Peru, and the Shahuindo gold mine, located in northwestern Peru. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TAHO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tahoe Resources Inc (NYSE:TAHO). Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Vecima Networks Inc (VCM) Director Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Adverum Biotechnologies Inc (ADVM) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Belden Inc. (BDC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Intel Co. (INTC) Earns Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) PLC (MAB1) Raises Dividend to GBX 10.50 Per Share Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares State Street Corp Raises Position in Fabrinet (FN) March 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) by 7.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 748,985 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 49,708 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Fabrinet were worth $30,178,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in FN. Cipher Capital LP acquired a new stake in shares of Fabrinet during the fourth quarter worth about $267,000. Clark Capital Management Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 17.3% in the fourth quarter. Clark Capital Management Group Inc. now owns 172,375 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,947,000 after buying an additional 25,383 shares during the last quarter. Comerica Bank boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 7.4% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 39,124 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,436,000 after buying an additional 2,692 shares during the last quarter. Sapphire Star Partners LP boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 95.0% in the fourth quarter. Sapphire Star Partners LP now owns 10,296 shares of the company’s stock worth $415,000 after buying an additional 5,016 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 14,133 shares of the company’s stock worth $570,000 after buying an additional 160 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.98% of the company’s stock. Shares of Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) opened at 44.00 on Tuesday. Fabrinet has a 12 month low of $29.78 and a 12 month high of $49.63. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $43.31 and a 200-day moving average of $41.75. The company has a market cap of $1.63 billion, a PE ratio of 18.59 and a beta of 1.50. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) last announced its earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.91 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.79 by $0.12. Fabrinet had a return on equity of 15.24% and a net margin of 7.32%. The firm earned $351.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $335.07 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.50 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 50.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Fabrinet will post $3.48 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “State Street Corp Raises Position in Fabrinet (FN)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/28/state-street-corp-raises-position-in-fabrinet-fn.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $53.75 target price on shares of Fabrinet in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on shares of Fabrinet from $50.00 to $52.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $50.00 target price on shares of Fabrinet and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Fabrinet in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies boosted their target price on shares of Fabrinet from $55.00 to $58.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $50.25. In other news, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.31, for a total transaction of $2,948,250.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 225,000 shares of company stock valued at $9,195,000. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. About Fabrinet Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fabrinet (NYSE:FN). Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,702 +150.52 +0.73% Nasdaq 5,875 +34.77 +0.60% S&P 500 2,359 +16.98 +0.73% 3:04 A.M. ET Pound trades lower at $1.2415 ahead of Article 50 3:00 A.M. ET Why I’ll never recover from my parents’ money drama 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.4% higher at 12,197.51 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% higher at 5,063.50 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.4% higher at 7,373.19 3:00 A.M. ET Alliance Pharma ups dividend 10% as profit soars 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 377.86 2:59 A.M. ET TUI reaffirms growth target as bookings meet views 2:58 A.M. ET Game Digital profit falls 27% on game launches 2:57 A.M. ET Johnston Press swings to loss as print declines 2:57 A.M. ET Saga hikes dividend after profit rises 10% 2:56 A.M. ET French consumer confidence unchanged in March 2:21 A.M. ET Updated British pound under pressure on Brexit trigger-day 2:20 A.M. ET BHP Billiton looks at Aussie iron ore investment 2:20 A.M. ET Fosun profit rises 28% for 2016 on lower taxes 2:15 A.M. ET Updated New £1 coin has a secret feature — and everyone is baffled by it 2:14 A.M. ET Updated Avoid ‘being short with the crowd’ — how to trade the pound as May pulls Brexit trigger 3/28 FDA OKs Genentech multiple-sclerosis drug Ocrevus 3/28 Toshiba board approves Westinghouse bankruptcy filing 3/28 Asia-Pacific stocks post gains after Wall Street’s rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Financial News Get email alerts Watch for market shocks if Le Pen wins, says J.P. Morgan By Samuel Agini Published: Mar 28, 2017 5:33 a.m. ET Share French political risk should not be downplayed, analysts warn FRANCOIS NASCIMBENI/AFP/Getty Images French far-right party Front National's supporters listen to their leader Marine Le Pen. By SamuelAgini Victory for Marine Le Pen in the French presidential election could force the market to dust off its playbook from the eurozone sovereign crisis of 2011, according J.P. Morgan Cazenove. Equity strategy analysts at J.P. Morgan Cazenove, led by Mislav Matejka, said in a note Monday that they expect “far-reaching” consequences in the event Le Pen prevails over Emmanuel Macron and conservative candidate François Fillon in the battle for the presidency. National Front leader Le Pen, an anti-European Union candidate, and independent candidate Macron are seen as the most likely to proceed to the second round of the presidential election, scheduled for May 27. The first round is due to take place on April 23. Opinion: Fear could still push French voters into Le Pen’s camp Markets reacted positively after the U.K.’s vote for Brexit in June 2016, and again on Donald Trump’s victory in the U.S. presidential in November that year. The J.P. Morgan analysts said they do not expect a repeat in the event Le Pen sees off Macron and Fillon. French political risk should not be “downplayed”, the analysts said, adding that a victory for Le Pen is not impossible and would not be “benign”. The analysts said: “In our view, if a Le Pen win scenario comes to pass, the playbook of 2011 should be used: Peripheral spreads would widen significantly, corporate and consumer confidence would take a knock, credit flows would collapse, and markets would start focusing on redenomination risks.” Eurozone equities look set to benefit in the event Le Pen loses, according to JP Morgan: “If Le Pen loses, we think eurozone equities will see a return of significant global investor flows, to the tune of at least 10% of AUM [assets under management], which is likely to result in the region’s outperformance, both in local and in common currency terms.” This report originally appeared on Financial News Also see: The grumpy Yorkshiremen bringing transparency to global FX More from MarketWatch Ryan: 'We Came Up Short' on Health-Care Bill How Trump Can Tackle Tax Reform Next The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Most Popular Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco House panel passes bill to audit the Fed People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate A look at David Rockefeller’s real estate gifts View More SectorWatch This is the future of air travel View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / STOCKS with Highest Volume in a Single-Day Trade, March 28 STOCKS with Highest Volume in a Single-Day Trade, March 28 posted by Chris Miranda on March 28, 2017 at 9:30 am STOCKS with Highest Volume in a Single-Day Trade, March 28   Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) was trading with 114,562,973 shares. The stock closed at $23.03 down 0.09 percent.   Ford Motor (NYSE: F) was trading with 53,471,380 shares. The stock closed at $ 11.46 down 0.16 percent.   Snap (NYSE: SNAP) was trading with 48,230,473 shares. The stock closed at $23.83 up 1.09 percent.   ArcelorMittal ADR (NYSE: MT) was trading with 47,769,139 shares. The stock closed at $ 8.26 down 0.03 percent.   Weatherford International (NYSE: WFT) was trading with 36,746,017 shares. The stock closed at $ 6.36 up 0.47 percent.   Freeport-McMoRan (NYSE: FCX) was trading with 35,038,204 shares. The stock closed at $12.21 down 0.60 percent.   Vale ADR (NYSE: VALE) was trading with 34,514,628 shares. The stock closed at $9.34 up 0.04 percent.   Chesapeake Energy (NYSE: CHK) was trading with 30,832,845 shares. The stock closed at $5.16 down 0.06 percent.   General Electric (NYSE: GE) was trading with 28,587,674 shares. The stock closed at $ 29.44 down 0.28 percent.   Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) was trading with 21,505,845 shares. The stock closed at $41.58 down 0.88 percent.   Petroleo Brasileiro ADR (NYSE: PBR) was trading with 21,006,223 shares. The stock closed at $ 9.16 up 0.10 percent.   United States Steel (NYSE: X) was trading with 19,972,936 shares. The stock closed at $32.28 down 0.54 percent.   AK Steel Holding (NYSE: AKS) was trading with 19,714,205 shares. The stock closed at $ 7.11 down 0.05 percent.   Regions Financial (NYSE: RF) was trading with 18,232,791 shares. The stock closed at $14.08 down 0.15 percent.   Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) was trading with 17,569,838 shares. The stock closed at $34.18 up 0.18 percent.   Citigroup (NYSE: C) was trading with 17,133,915 shares. The stock closed at $ 58.33 up 0.26 percent.   JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) was trading with 16,568,992 shares. The stock closed at $87.24 down 0.05 percent.   Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) was trading with 16,195,402 shares. The stock closed at $55.39 down 0.44 percent.   Cliffs Natural Resources (NYSE: CLF) was trading with 16,191,042 shares. The stock closed at $ 8.26 up 0.12 percent.   J.C. Penney (NYSE: JCP) was trading with 15,010,468 shares. The stock closed at $5.59 up 0.02 percent.   About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 VITAL Stocks: NYSE Most Active, Feb. 20 – BAC, S, UN, UL, AUY, PFE, F, VALE, FCX, T, VZ, GE, MGM, AVP, CHK, NE, CLF, AKS, BKD, WFT Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: Top 25 Composite Dollar Losing Stocks, March 27 Overview Top 25 Composite Dollar Losing Stocks, March 27 Overview   Xenon Pharmaceuticals (XENE) last traded at $ $4.65 down 52.79...Close
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends The Price of High Yields The stocks with the most generous payouts may not be as good as they look at first blush. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography March 25, 2017 2:34 a.m. ET Beware of juicy yields. They may be hiding something, as a recent look at the highest-yielding stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index reveals. A big yield is desirable, of course, given how low interest rates remain by historical... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Stocks Poised to Beat the Market in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tech Stocks That Sit in the Sweet Spot Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Could Pfizer Make Cash Bid for Bristol-Myers? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 For 10% Bond Returns, Look to Munis 2 Ford Asks the Tough Questions On Self-Driving 3 Apple Might Need a New Move Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Wells Fargo rolls out card-free access at all of its ATMs MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017, 8:25 P.M. By Jonnelle Marte Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Left your wallet at home? You may still be able to grab some cash. As of Monday, Wells Fargo is the first major U.S. bank to offer a card-free option at all of its ATMs. The bank’s customers will be able to use their smartphones to access any of the bank’s 13,000 ATMs. Other major U.S. banks have rolled out card-free ATMs in limited locations. Here’s how it works: Customers must download and log into the Wells Fargo app on their smartphones and request an eight-digit code, which they can type into an ATM instead of inserting a debit card. Next, they enter their PIN, just as they would if they were using their cards. The card-free option can be more secure than using a debit card, says Jonathan Velline, head of branch and ATM banking for Wells Fargo, because it reduces the chance that fraudsters can steal and copy the numbers on your debit card. The smartphone app generates a unique code that expires within 30 minutes. Plus, consumers using the app have to prove their identity on their smartphones – either by providing their thumb print or by typing in their online banking password – in addition to entering their PIN numbers. (With your physical debit card, you only need to provide the PIN code.) Consumers can expect to see more cardless ATMs over the next couple of years. JPMorgan Chase is testing the technology at some locations, while Bank of America has introduced a card-free option at about half of its ATMs. For Bank of America, some machines currently accept mobile wallet programs, such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. Consumers need to only tap their smartphones on or near the ATM, provide their passcode or thumbprint on the phone, and then enter their PINs into the ATM. Wells Fargo says it is upgrading its ATMs to incorporate the digital phone readers and hopes to make the mobile wallet technology more widely available throughout this year and next year. Published: March 27, 2017, 8:25 p.m.  Tags: ATM cards, banks, Wells Fargo Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy More families of Orlando nightclub victims sue Google By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 27, 2017 | 10:30pm Modal Trigger Pulse nightclub in Orlando AP More On: florida nightclub mass shooting Orlando nightclub shooting victims to receive nearly $8.5M Prosecutors furious over judge setting bail for Orlando nightclub shooter's wife Judge orders release of Orlando nightclub killer's wife Judge orders psych evaluation of Orlando shooter's wife Google’s advertising headache is about to get a lot worse. Additional families of the victims of last June’s Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Fla., are expected to sue the tech giant for helping the terrorists who inspired the massacre, The Post has learned. A lawyer for the families said last week’s giant ad boycott of Google and its YouTube operation will help prove his case. YouTube and social-media outfits such as Facebook and Twitter make it too easy for terror groups like ISIS to spread their beliefs and recruit members, lawyer Keith Altman, of Michigan’s Solomon Radner law firm, told The Post. “We are amending the Orlando lawsuit, adding new plaintiffs and adding new allegations and arguments,” he said. Omar Mateen, 29, declared his allegiance to ISIS in a 911 call shortly before he went to nightclub and killed 49 people and wounded 53. Altman first filed suit against Google, Facebook and Twitter in December. Google got into hot water after big advertisers such as Walmart and JPMorgan Chase found the ads they bought on Google placed with alongside videos and sites that spewed anti-America, anti-gay and anti-Semitic hate. Google said it would try to do a better job of screening for hate speech, but more advertisers — including AT&T, Verizon, Starbucks and Johnson & Johnson — have pulled their ads from some Google platforms, including YouTube. Altman believes that the controversy adds fuel to his arguments that Google has a responsibility for what it disseminates. SEE ALSO Google loses more top advertisers amid placement nightmare 0:0 Google saw more big-time advertisers pull their business from its... Citing federal regulations, online ad firms and social networks argue they are not responsible for what crosses their sites, since it is created by others. Altman’s legal argument is that by serving up ads and providing advertisers with audience data, Google is in the content-creation business and thus is not protected by the regulations. “Google is sharing revenue with ISIS. This plays very much into the ad boycott,” the lawyer said. In the suit, Altman claims that for years, Google, Facebook and Twitter “have knowingly and recklessly provided the terrorist group ISIS with accounts to use its social networks as a tool for spreading extremist propaganda, raising funds, and attracting new recruits.” “The whole issue will be placed into the complaint,” Altman said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under florida nightclub mass shooting ,  google ,  isis ,  lawsuits ,  omar mateen ,  terrorism Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Ferrari abandoned two years ago finally gets booted Read Next Ferrari abandoned two years ago finally gets booted Share Selection Trending Now in News 70,159 Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections 34,850 Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco 21,190 Staring at boobs is just one of six easy ways men can live longer Now On How Bill O’Reilly defines a ‘snowflake’ Joe Manganiello: Sofía Vergara worth the intense spotlight Montel Williams no-shows Page Six interview SEE ALL Now On 10 Sex Scenes That Changed Film History SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Astronaut who walked on moon says he knows the truth... Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt Melania's camp denies US Weekly's 'separate bed' report Infant twin girls found dead inside apartment More Stories pagesix Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Top Turkish bank official charged for conspiring with gold trader By Kaja Whitehouse View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 28, 2017 | 7:56pm Modal Trigger Reza Zarrab Getty Images Tensions between the US and Turkey ratcheted up a notch on Tuesday when federal authorities arrested a senior executive of a state-owned Turkish bank and accused him of helping circumvent US sanctions on Iran. Meehmet Hakan Atilla, a top official of Turkey’s HalkBank, was busted at JFK airport and charged with conspiring with Reza Zarrab, an an Iranian-Turkish gold trader with ties to Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Zarab is awaiting trial in Manhattan federal court on charges that he used U.S. banks to make illegal transactions on behalf of the government of Iran and other barred entities. More On: turkey Ex-CIA big says Flynn explored plot to 'whisk away' exiled Turkish cleric Massive Twitter hijack spreads swastikas, Nazi propaganda across Europe Is this the end of Turkey's (bad) marriage with Europe? The coming Middle East crisis after ISIS is gone “United States sanctions are not mere requests or suggestions, they are the law,” acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon Kim said. “And those who use the American financial system to violate the sanctions laws, as Atilla is alleged to have done, will be investigated and prosecuted aggressively.” Atilla’s arrest comes one day after the feds complained that Zarrab hired lawyers with ties to President Trump to work out a disposition of the case, including the former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani and former federal judge Michael Mukasey. The feds complained that Giuliani and Mukasey have a conflict of interest in the Zarrab case because their respective law firms have represented banks alleged to be victims of Zarrab financial transactions, including Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase and Citibank. Mukasey’s lawyer son Marc Mukasey has been rumored to be a contender for the job of Manhattan US Attorney under Trump. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under crime ,  reza zarrab ,  trials ,  turkey Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Cop who killed Ramarley Graham had six prior complaints Read Next Cop who killed Ramarley Graham had six prior complaints Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 69,982 Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections 34,757 Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco 21,107 Staring at boobs is just one of six easy ways men can live longer 15,403 'GMA' anchors 'sick' of Strahan getting special treatment Columnists Jennifer Gould Keil Taste of the Upper West Side festival set to expand Steve Cuozzo Blame Anthony Bourdain for ruining New York SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On How Bill O’Reilly defines a ‘snowflake’ Joe Manganiello: Sofía Vergara worth the intense spotlight Montel Williams no-shows Page Six interview SEE ALL Video 0:43 Trump says he can't make a mistake, then instantly makes a mistake More Stories pagesix Annette Bening ordered Warren Beatty home after Best Picture fiasco Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost Fake doc gets prison for deadly butt injections New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers More Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Market Data Latest News Industries Personal Finance Currency Convertor Video My Portfolios Australia Markets closed ALL ORDS 5,910.70 +50.30 (+0.86%) ASX 200 5,873.50 +52.30 (+0.90%) AUD/USD 0.7651 +0.00 (+0.21%) Deutsche Bank unit sentenced in US Libor manipulation AFP28March,2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Deutsche Bank in April 2015 reached a $2.5 billion global settlement with authorities in London, Washington and New York over the manipulation of the key interest rate, which influences transactions around the worldMore A US court imposed a sentence on a Deutsche Bank unit Tuesday for its role in an interest rate rigging scheme, two years after the bank reached a $2.5 billion settlement with British and US authorities. The development closed a minor chapter in the legal woes facing the German banking giant, which has rushed to resolve multiple cases with US officials in recent months and still reportedly faces an investigation over possible money laundering. The bank in January finalized a $7.2 billion settlement with the US Justice Department over its role in the 2008 global financial crisis. And British and New York officials that month imposed $630 million in fines on the bank over an alleged money laundering in Russia. In the latest chapter, a federal judge in Connecticut on imposed a $150 million fine on Deutsche Bank Group Services (UK), a Deutsche Bank subsidiary, the Justice Department announced. The London unit already had pleaded guilty and agreed to pay that amount in April 2015, after admitting to its role in manipulating the benchmark London Interbank Offer Rate, a key interest rate. Parent company Deutsche Bank in April 2015 reached a $2.5 billion global settlement with authorities in London, Washington and New York over the manipulation of the key interest rate, which influences transactions around the world. Prosecutors say that between 2003 and 2010 derivatives traders at Deutsche Bank and other banks illegally colluded to move LIBOR rates in directions that favored their trading positions. US officials also have pursued banks such as Citicorp, JPMorgan, Barclays and RBS over the LIBOR manipulation. US enforcement actions against Deutsche Bank come as President Donald Trump faces persistent scrutiny over possible conflicts of interest due to his business activities. The Trump Organization reportedly owes Deutsche Bank at least $300 million. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to read next ACTU wants $45 per week minimum wage rise AAP There's been a 'stunning' shift in the US economy since Trump's election Business Insider China is building a new base in Africa that creates 'significant operational security' issues for the US military Business Insider Morning-finance-report-March-28 7News The 12 jobs most at risk of being replaced by robots Business Insider Morning-Finance-Report-March 27 7News Early finance report - March 10 The real story behind those two math grads who are 'disrupting the auto insurance industry' Yahoo Finance Afternoon finance report - March 24 7News Afternoon finance report - March 6 Investor burned by Bernie Madoff jumps to death from Manhattan hotel CNBC Morning Finance Report - March 24 7News Early finance report - March 6 These designers want to put up a bi-national park instead of Trump's $21 billion border wall Business Insider Morning-Finance-Report-March 24 7News Doctor focused on fresh start on release from prison
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St regroups 10:33 March 29, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk March 29 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street rose, stemming an eight-day drop in the Dow, as US consumer confidence climbed to the highest level in 16 years, while oil also gainedWednesday 29 March 2017 07:24 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St regroups By Margreet Dietz March 29 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street rose, stemming an eight-day drop in the Dow, as US consumer confidence climbed to the highest level in 16 years, while oil also gained. A Conference Board report showed its consumer confidence index unexpectedly rallied 9.5 points to 125.6 in March, the highest since December 2000. “Consumers feel current economic conditions have improved over the recent period, and their renewed optimism suggests the possibility of some upside to the prospects for economic growth in the coming months,” Lynn Franco, director of economic indicators at the Conference Board, said in a statement, Bloomberg reported. Oil also gained. Major traders gathered in Switzerland including Russell Hardy, Vitol’s chief executive for Europe, Middle East and Africa, flagged that they expect OPEC and non-OPEC producers to extend their agreement to curtail output in the second half of the year, Reuters reported. To be sure, an extension would depend on the oil price at the time of the next OPEC meeting, scheduled for May 25, Hardy noted. “At US$50 per barrel there’s a lot of incentive to continue the policy, at US$60 per barrel, no. It’ll depend on how fundamentals exert themselves in the second quarter,” Hardy said, according to Reuters. Wall Street moved higher. In 1.30pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.6 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.5 percent. In 1.14pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index climbed 0.6 percent. Despite the Trump administration’s failure on a Republican health care bill, investors remain optimistic it will successfully negotiate tax reform that is seen as supportive for business. “This market is driven by two things—the hope of policy agenda getting put into place and improving fundamentals,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. “Whenever you found out that the agenda might take longer to get put out, you’ve gotten some piece of economic data that reminds you that the fundamental backdrop is still strong,” Hogan noted. Advances in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of DuPont, up 1.7 percent and 1.6 percent respectively, led the Dow higher. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.6 percent advance from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 Index increased 0.6 percent, the UK’s FTSE 100 Index added 0.7 percent, while Germany’s DAX Index rose 1.3 percent. On Wednesday UK Prime Minister Theresa May is set to trigger Article 50, marking the start of two years of negations about the terms for the country’s exit from the European Union. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Synergy’s new SRI model portfolios Infratil Investor Day 2017 Crash on Coronation Road, Papatoetoe Policy position paper on the built environment launched Zespri opens new Middle East office to support growth Ryman gets approval for second Melbourne village PT&I’s Pacific Path to Market programme a success! Property maintenance costs surprising VTANZ Respond to Government ecig announcement Coronet Peak launches hump day night skiing HELL introduces BAKED, available in supermarkets Workers village/ temporary accommodation on way to Kaikoura New Zealand businesses embrace innovation through R&D Healthy Food Guide evolves online offering Breakthrough genetics looking at cutting nitrogen leaching Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Dow jumps 150 points on signs of rising consumer confidence CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL China's secret plan to crush SpaceX and US space program A look at how Trump's moves on coal will affect the industry Click to expand Replay Video Can Trump save coal? President Trump's is taking a stand for campaign promises: protecting coal. According to the AP, the move was in response to economic losses in the industry. Coal has increasing lost business to the renewables. on tuesday Trump began looking to roll back obama-era regulations like the Clean Power Plan, which seeks to reduce emissions from coal power plants. He also want to lift the moratorium on the sale of coal mining leases on federal lands. Trump's move to support coal mining is unlikely to spur a quick turnaround in the industry however. Coals biggest problem isn't regulation but competition from the natural gas industry. Wochit Business An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run Four years after being accused of a fatal hit-and-run the heir to the Red Bull energy drink fortune isn't laying low, CNBC How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket Chris Voss, former lead kidnapping negotiator for the FBI and author of "Never Split the Difference," knows how to get what he wants. In this episode of "Everyday Hostages," Voss breaks down exactly how to get out of a speeding ticket when an officer pulls you over. The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: We need more than just the promise of policy right now CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Can Trump save coal? Wochit Business0:42 An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run CNBC0:56 How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket The Wall Street Journal.1:41 Crayola retiring one crayon Veuer0:29 Trump's evolving relationship with Ford CNN Money1:28 100 percent of Ballou HS seniors apply to college The Washington Post1:51 Forbes Media is reportedly in talks to be sold to a noteworthy Chinese firm The Street1:03 1 million pounds of chicken nuggets recalled over metal contamination Veuer0:45 How will tax policy impact the markets? Fox Business1:39 Trump signs four bills rolling back regulations The Washington Post5:50 DOJ takes aim at 'sanctuary cities' through federal funding cuts Newsy1:26 Amazon makes play for Middle East market Wochit Tech0:52 You won't find this vice on the Vegas Strip CNN Money2:40 Bernie Sanders will reintroduce 'Medicare for all' single-payer plan Newsy1:13 Trump turns to tax reform after health-care defeat The Washington Post1:05 Amazon has bigger brick-and-mortar plans than just grocery stores CNBC0:41 UP NEXT Stocks closed sharply higher Tuesday as traders assessed strong consumer confidence data, with financials leading. Consumer confidence surged this month, hitting 125.6, up from 116.1 in February, the Consumer Board Consumer Confidence Index showed. Quotes in the article Darden Restaurants Inc DRI ▲ 82.62 +7.04 +9.31% CoreLogic Inc CLGX ▲ 40.08 +1.15 +2.95% Prudential Financial Inc PRU ▲ 105.80 +1.30 +1.24% Johnson & Johnson JNJ ▼ 125.66 -0.14 -0.11% AdChoices "This is a market that's saying: 'I will think of bad news tomorrow,'" said Kim Forrest, a senior equity analyst at Fort Pitt Capital. "The U.S. economy is 70 percent consumer-based, so these numbers are important." She also said that strong quarterly results from Darden Restaurants are helping lift the market's view on consumers. The Dow gained 150 points, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most gains, snapping an eight-day losing streak. The S&P 500 rose 0.73 percent, with financials, materials, industrials and energy all rising 1 percent. The Nasdaq added 0.6 percent. "That really highlights what's been underpinning the market," said Jim Davis, regional investment manager for The Private Client Group of U.S. Bank. "I also think you're seeing some bottom, fishing," he said, noting that financials and energy are two sectors that have lagged recently. Other data released Tuesday included the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index, which showed U.S. home prices rose 5.9 percent to a 31-month high in January. "The more we see the hard data gaining momentum in conjunction with the soft data shows the economy may not stall out in the second quarter," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. Investors also kept an eye on Washington. Optimism about some of President Donald Trump's key proposal's coming to fruition — particularly tax reform, deregulation and government spending — has diminished since the administration was dealt a blow on Friday, when a bill aimed at replacing Obamacare was pulled. The bill's defeat left investors jittery about whether Trump's pro-growth policies would be able to move forward, sending the three major indexes lower by nearly 1 percent early Monday. The indexes, however, rebounded throughout the day and closed well off session lows. "Like it or not (and we get email in both directions every day), US President Donald Trump represents the latest iteration of the Hero's Journey when it comes to determining asset prices," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at Convergex, in a note. "We have essentially traded the typical Fed-Hero of the last few decades for the current President's economic agenda." "That is why equity markets were so forgiving [Monday] over Friday's failure to bring the American Health Care Act to a vote in the House – simply put, heroes don't win every battle," he said. Stocks have rallied significantly since the U.S. election on hopes Trump's proposed policies would become reality. Since Nov. 8, the Dow and Nasdaq have risen more than 12 percent, while the S&P has climbed more than 9 percent. The U.S. central bank raised rates earlier this month by 25 basis points but kept its rates forecast largely unchanged. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester is scheduled to speak after the close. Fed Chair Janet Yellen spoke Tuesday but did not address monetary policy. U.S. Treasurys traded lower, with the benchmark 10-year note yield near 2.4099 percent and the short-term two-year note yield around 1.31 percent. About three stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 348 million and a composite volume of 1.639 billion in afternoon trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) (.VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 11.7. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A Day In The Life Of A Fintech Exec Who's Changing The Way Traders Communicate A Day In The Life Of A Fintech Exec Who's Changing The Way Traders Communicate Spencer White , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 28, 2017 2:59pm   Comments Share: To get you prepared for the 2017 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards, Benzinga will profile the daily schedules of select fintech leaders whose companies have applied. For this installment, we spoke with German Soto-Sanchez, global head of corporate development for Cloud9 Technologies. Cloud9 Technologies Cloud9 Technologies is a fintech company that creates communications platforms for traders. Using Cloud9 tech, traders can place orders, communicate with the back office, and make secure, high-quality phone calls across the world. The company raised $30 million from JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Barclays PLC (ADR) (NYSE: BCS) last year. What's a day in your life like as the Global Head of Corporate Development for Cloud9 Technologies? German Soto-Sanchez: 5:15 a.m. — Wake up and read my daily affirmation from a book called "Jesus Calling." Check email (only respond to urgent items) and check daily schedule. Then I head to the gym for some cardio. My gym is eight blocks away, so it takes some motivation to get there (especially when it is 10 degrees outside), but I always enjoy listening to my Birthday Playlist, which is made up of my favorite songs going as far back as my elementary school days! 7 — Arrive back at home in time to see my son off to school and my daughter, who we homeschool. I also have breakfast, which is the same each day — a shake and health bar. 8–8:15 — Leave for work. I live in Harlem, and I am a proud native New Yorker, so I take the subway every day. I normally use my commute to read the news. First I look at the New York Times and Wall Street Journal for general news, then I move on to Bloomberg, Benzinga and CB Insights for financial and fintech news. 8:45–9 — The subway is always a little unpredictable, but I try to get to the office before 9 a.m. 9–9:15 — I plan my entire week on Sunday night, and then I reassess each night of the week, so I have a good idea of what my day and my week will look like when I arrive in the morning. I take the first 15 minutes to half hour of the morning to get my bearings and finalize my To Do List. Every day around this time I also fire up our flagship communications platform, the C9 Trader. I usually use it for calls with our partners. 9:15–12:30 p.m. — I reserve the first half of the day for meetings. I am usually meeting with various fintech companies or participating in one of several recurring touchpoint meetings for one of my teams. One example is the meeting for our transcription project. I love using the C9 Trader to conduct meetings—it’s transformed the way I communicate with our clients and partners. The call quality in our meetings with project team members (some of whom are in India) used to be terrible, so we set them up on the C9 Trader in a lab environment, which greatly improved the call quality and our level of interaction. Nowadays, a lot of our partners and vendors ask us for Cloud9 subscriptions in order to interact with us. The experience is that much better. 12:30–1 — My days tend to be very busy, so I always work through lunch. 1–2 — I’ll start the early afternoon by wrapping up any meetings I may have not gotten to in the morning. 2–7 — I like to reserve most of the afternoon for work — I may schedule or attend a meeting here and there (usually a “meet for tea” since I don’t drink coffee), but I like having this time to focus on work. Before the end of the day, I always completely clean out my inbox and make sure all those To Do List items are accomplished. 7–8:15 — I leave the office around 7 p.m. every day except for Fridays, when I leave a little after 6 p.m. to pick up my daughter from her ballet class. On a typical weekday, my son is off at tennis and my wife is taking my daughter to ballet, so I’m the only one home if I arrive before 8:30 p.m. My family likes my cooking, so I make dinner when I can. 8:15–9 — The kids and my wife start arriving home and we all sit around the table and eat. We tend to eat healthy meals — no-fats food and we don’t eat out a lot — but I always make a big, unhealthy brunch on weekends. Kids are in bed by 9 p.m. 11 — I check a few emails before bed and confirm or revise my schedule for the next day, but I prefer not to work from home at night. After spending some time with the family, I tend to go to sleep by 11 p.m. every night. ________ Check more articles in this series: A Day In The Life Of An InsurTech CEO Who Just Raised $5 Million A Day In The Life Of The Fintech CEO Attacking Student Loan Debt   Interested in a Benzinga CEO profile? Send an email to events@benzinga.com. Want to get involved with the 2017 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards? Submit your company here. ________ Image Credit: German Soto-Sanchez, Cloud9 Posted-In: A Day In The Life C9 TraderFintech News Success Stories Startups Exclusives Interview Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BCS + JPM) Bloomberg Terminal Subscribers Declined For Just The Second Time Ever Last Year How You Should Diversify Your Portfolio, According To A 50-Year Wall Street Veteran Despite Many Factors Stacking Up Against JPMorgan, Rafferty Capital Wants You To Own The Stock Uber's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad 2017 Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For March 17, 2017 This Algo Is Bullish On Banks And Tech View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia 1 How Do Fintech Startups Actually Win Industry Awards? 2 FutureVault: Providing A Secure Cloud-Based Solution For Sensitive Documents 3 HealthcareTTU Helps Hospitals Secure Greater Liquidity From Banks 4 JPM, BCS: A Day In The Life Of A Fintech Exec Who's Changing The Way Traders... Tweets by @BZAwards Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Rapper 'The Game' Talks About His Cannabis Venture: 'Setting The Standard For Quality Medicine, Patient Care' Here's Who Vegas Likes In The 2017 Final Four
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Mar 29, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Markets Personal Finance Exchange Rates Funds Tracker All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Shares rise as investors speculate Trump dump is overdone Bank of Ireland, Smurfit Kappa and Glanbia among strongest performers on Dublin’s Iseq about 12 hours ago Mark Paul Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Apple’s 1.3 per cent gain made it the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq. Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg         US and European stocks pushed higher after financial firms rebounded from a six-week low as investors speculated selling sparked by US policy uncertainty had gone too far. The FTSE 100 in London rose by 0.7 per cent as sterling weakened, while the Iseq was up by almost 0.4 per cent. Dublin Travel software company Datalex rose by more than 1 per cent, after it announced strong results and boosted its dividend by 25 per cent. The stock was up 3.6 per cent by lunchtime, but fell back after an afternoon sales flurry. Bank of Ireland also rose by 1 per cent, on a strong day for European banks generally. Glanbia was among the strongest performers on the Iseq on Tuesday, up 2.3 per cent. The company has a strong consumer products division in the United States, where optimism is holding. Paper products company Smurfit Kappa also put in a strong performance, up 2.2 per cent. London Booker Group fell 0.9 per cent after two of Tesco’s largest shareholders urged other investors to join them in opposing Tesco’s £3.7 billion (€4.3 billion) bid for the food wholesaler. Tesco shares ended the day up 1.25p at 191.2p amid news that it would take a £235 million (€271 million) hit after reaching an agreement with authorities over an accounting scandal that will also see it make a hefty compensation payout to investors. Wolseley shares jumped 247p to 5,130p after the Plumb Center owner announced plans to rename itself as Ferguson, and pull out of the Nordics. Ladbrokes Coral shares fell 2.3p to 133p. It came as the bookmaker reported a £213.3 million loss for 2016 after it was hit by the costs of its merger with Coral. Shares in Aviva rose 10p to 533p amid reports that the insurance giant is looking to offload Friends Provident International (FPI). ADVERTISEMENT Thomas Cook fell 3.45 to 85.9p despite news that the travel firm was seeing “early signs” of a recovery in Turkey and Egypt after terrorist attacks. The AA soared 14.7p to 270.5p after reporting the first rise in membership in eight years, as digital investments helped stem a near decade of declines. Europe Auto stocks rose 1.6 per cent, with gains in Continental and Volkswagen helping Germany’s DAX index end at its highest since April 2015, up 1.3 per cent. Tenaris was a standout among the gainers, with investors citing comments from the group’s chief executive who raised forecasts for the oil and gas tubes market, fuelling talk of possible earnings upgrades. Portuguese oil company EDP rose 4.2 per cent after it said it would buy the rest of its renewable energy subsidiary EDP Renovaveis. Portugal’s largest company also agreed the sale of its Spanish gas distribution network Naturgas. EDPR jumped 10.1 per cent on the news, helping Portugal’s stock index outperform European peers, up 2.7 per cent. Dufry, the Swiss airport retailer, gained 3.5 per cent after a report said Chinese conglomerate HNA wants to buy a stake to extend Dufry’s reach in China. Banco Popular was up 3.2 per cent after a newspaper report said its new head was in talks to sell the lender’s property portfolio and a stake to Libra Group. New York Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher with financials, energy and materials gaining more than 1 per cent. Three sectors were flat. The S&P 500 financial sector jumped 1.16 per cent, led by Bank of America. Gains in Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan boosted the Dow. Apple’s 1.3 per cent gain made it the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, shortly after hitting an all-time high of $142.87. General Motors rose 3.2 per cent to $35.85 after activist investor David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital urged the carmaker to split its stock into two classes. Tesla rose 2.8 per cent to $277.82 after disclosing that Chinese technology giant Tencent Holdings had taken a 5 per cent passive stake. – (Additional reporting: PA/Reuters/Bloomberg)       Topics: David Einhorn Thomas Cook Apple Banco Popular Bank of America Bank of Ireland Booker Group Continental Datalex Dufry Edp Edp Renovaveis Europe Auto General Motors Glanbia Goldman Sachs Group Hna Jpmorgan Ladbrokes Libra Smurfit Kappa Tenaris Tencent Holdings Tesco Volkswagen AG Wolseley Read More One in five investors fear no Brexit deal when UK leaves, Fitch finds Initial public offerings in Britain hit five-year low ahead of Brexit Markets fall as investors lose faith in Trump promises Markets shudder after US healthcare debacle Has Trump’s credibility on trade taken a big hit? Euro may tumble to 15-year low if Le Pen wins Stocks slide as doubts increase over Trump growth policies Sandyford business district to get €3m makeover Euro zone businesses growing at fastest rate in nearly six years European financials buoyed by latest ECB funding drive  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism UK faces having ‘no flights to or from Europe’ after Brexit Work Codes of conduct are corporate weapons that can backfire Rugby Gordon D’Arcy: The importance of winning the mental battle Economy Martin Wolf: China and the US are doomed to co-operate Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Funds Tracker Keep up to date with your investments   Latest Business UK faces having ‘no flights to or from Europe’ after Brexit 08:05 One in five investors fear no Brexit deal when UK leaves, Fitch finds 07:32 Asia stocks rise on back of US consumer confidence 07:22 Famous Dalkey fish restaurant goes on sale after 40 years 07:13 Income tax breaks in run-up to crash eroded tax base, ESRI finds 06:46 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 319 Dún Laoghaire apartments for €130m 2 Famous Dalkey fish restaurant goes on sale after 40 years 3 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain 4 Emirates explores options for passengers hit by US laptop ban 5 Income tax breaks in run-up to crash eroded tax base, ESRI finds 6 Banking crash makes State cautious in post-Brexit carve-up 7 Matt Cooper dethrones Des Cahill from top of Twitter influence list 8 Investors pull out of two shopping centre purchases 9 €60m Citywest extension to undercut city centre rents 10 Dublin 12 development site sells for €1.5m using BidX1 platform Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Our Columnists Ciarán Hancock Banking crash makes State cautious in post-Brexit carve-up Martin Wolf Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain Chris Johns Want to solve income inequality? Simple: pay workers more Proinsias O'Mahony Buy high, say fund managers in new survey News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 29/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Sell Victoria's Secret parent shares on Aerie competition, Jefferies says Mexican peso, stocks are strong performers in March How to invest in Trump’s tax reform, infrastructure plans Morning Top 10 Tuesday Here's why the most bullish Snap analyst on Wall Street loves the stock Best Buy upgraded on potential Sears, Hhgregg store closures, analyst says Goldman: Expect a delay in tax reform and watch the market fall Buy Apple because new iPhone will spark ‘high pent-up replacement' demand, JPMorgan says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: Fewer stock pickers doesn't necessarily make it easier to outperform Breakingviews: Eton Park Buy financials on the dip because of rising interest rates, strategist says TipRanks: Insiders with great track records are buying these 3 health-care stocks Buy Under Armour because survey points to ‘compelling growth,’ Jefferies says Buy Apple on 'significantly larger' new iPhone cycle, analyst says Alibaba to rally 25 percent-plus on surging cloud business, analyst says Sell this tobacco stock because rising gas prices will hurt sales: RBC Buy Apple on excitement for the next iPhone, higher pricing, analyst says Sell Whole Foods shares because store is 'victim of its own success,' UBS says This stock will surge more than 30% on its new cloud-based security offering, Goldman says The bond market is no longer convinced Trump can spark an economic boom This chip stock will surge this year on better profitability, Credit Suisse says Electric autos overhyped, bet on cleaner burning engine suppliers: Deutsche Bank Morgan Stanley downgrades airline stocks on too much added capacity Market is trading on Trump’s fiscal policy chances, Barclays says Buy Monster Beverage on international growth, JPMorgan says BTIG's Greenfield: I was wrong on Facebook. I'm upgrading. 10 ways to play a coming dealmaking surge This cloud play could see sales double in three years, analyst says Buy AMD because Ryzen processors will take share from Intel, Jefferies says CF Industries to rally more than 20% on improving fertilizer prices, Goldman says This beat-up security stock will rally nearly 70% on turnaround, analyst says Buy Apple because iPhone sales expectations are ‘way too low,’ Cowen says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: All signs point to a coming dealmaking surge These are the 5 favorite stocks of the best consumer analysts on Wall Street Facebook shares, up big in 2017, should keep going, UBS says Buy this milk stock on falling dairy costs, JPMorgan says Analyst compares Netflix stock to Jesus: 'You either believe or you don't' Morning Top 10 Friday Growth stocks are beating value and the 'growthier' the better This chipmaker’s strong results means bullish things for Apple Tesla may not be finished tapping capital markets, UBS warns Goldman sees this discount retailer benefiting as malls suffer Biogen shares drop after Morgan Stanley downgrade The market still isn't accounting for this stimulus likely coming from Trump Apple’s service business could make stock less of a bumpy ride, analyst says Netflix upgraded by Jefferies as survey reveals growing use in Germany, India Nike shares to rally on new Air VaporMax shoe, Credit Suisse says Buy Disney because of winning film-toys-parks cycle, analyst says Verizon poor dealmaking Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead These 5 hated stocks are due for a rebound, says strategist Tom Lee Buy Yum Brands on this dip for the multibillion dollar share buyback: Analyst Kimberly-Clark shares downgraded because Huggies is in a diaper pricing war Morning Top 10 Friday Breakingviews: Hedge funds may be in for another tough year American Express is going to start lending out a lot more money, JPMorgan says This is what could finally end the 8-year bull market Buy Facebook because Snapchat–like features will drive growth, JPMorgan says Tesla could eventually become the next Apple or Amazon, analyst says Buy AMD on this dip because new products will take share from Nvidia: Analyst Morning Top 10 Thursday TipRanks: These stocks are seeing interesting insider buying US economy will post a record expansion because of Trump, strategist says Starbucks' refugee hiring program is hurting sales, Credit Suisse says Buy BlackRock because ETF price cuts aren't hurting iShares, JPMorgan says Morning Top 10 Wednesday These stocks will beat the market in 2017, Credit Suisse predicts Bull market that gets 'no respect' to continue, strategist says Strategist Stovall: Bull market has further to go, judging by history Buy Nvidia because its new high end graphics card will hurt AMD, Goldman says Morning Top 10 Tuesday RBC's Golub: Rising rates should continue to boost banks Trump's postelection market rally could soon hit a wall, JPMorgan says Hedge funds love these 4 bank stocks and you should too, Goldman Sachs says Jefferies upgrades Dow Chemical and DuPont to buy Alcoa to rally more than 40% because it's a 'cash machine,' Goldman says Buy Apple on iPhone 8 ‘super-cycle,’ India growth, Citi says FedEx shares are cheap, BMO says; upgrades stock to outperform Sell Snap because competitors are ‘stealing its best ideas,’ Needham says Netflix shares to rally as international subscribers top expectations, UBS says Santoli: Nearly everyone knows US stocks aren’t cheap, but it may not matter These are 4 favorite stocks of the Street's top consumer analysts: TipRanks Usually bullish Tom Lee issues mea culpa on missing this rally Sell GoPro on action camera market 'saturation,' Citi says Buy Dr Pepper Snapple on Bai drinks, Trump's tax reform, Jefferies says Strategist Stovall raises year-end market forecast Snap IPO marks moment investors gave up giving a damn Chart analysts see momentum carrying the Dow beyond 21,000 These Trump trades have ‘more to go,’ Jefferies says This hot biotech stock will surge more than 50 percent this year, analyst says Wall Street believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone Bridgewater’s radical reality Wall Street analysts are bullish on Alphabet's YouTube TV streaming service Buy this energy stock for its rising dividends, Goldman Sachs says Citi cautions clients about chasing defense stocks at these levels Goldman Sachs says this chip stock will surge this year Intel to fall 17% on increasing competition from Nvidia and AMD, Bernstein says Overbought February: 10 stocks ready to drop based on statistics › Pro Analysis These stocks should benefit if Trump combines an infrastructure plan with tax reform Tae Kim | @firstadopter 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Sam Hodgson | Bloomberg | Getty Images Construction workers pour concrete as part of a bridge expansion project in California. President Donald Trump will try to pass tax reform and an infrastructure spending package at the same time this year, according to a report from Axios that's got Wall Street buzzing Tuesday. The president wasn't expected to tackle infrastructure until next year, but now it appears he would like to pair it with tax reform in a splashy, bipartisan comeback from the health-care bill defeat, which has weighed on markets. Wall Street is ready with plays for clients on how to invest in Trump's building plans, along with tax reform. The administration "feels burned by the ultra conservative House Freedom Caucus and is ready to deal with Democrats. Dangling infrastructure spending is an obvious way to buy the support of potentially dozens of Dems, meaning he wouldn't have to bargain with the hardliners," Axios' Jonathan Swan wrote Monday. The current House Republican tax reform plan proposes lowering the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, while Trump campaigned on a reduction to 15 percent. JPMorgan strategist Dubravko Lakos-Bujas cited how a reduction in the corporate tax rate to 15 percent or 20 percent versus the current effective rate of about 25 percent could add $10 to $15 in earnings per share to the S&P 500. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- Pro Analysis Pink brand has peaked amid compeititon from Aerie, so sell L Brands stock, Jefferies says Mexican peso, stocks are among top performers in March thanks to Trump trade unwind These stocks should benefit if Trump combines an infrastructure plan with tax reform Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday morning Here's why the most bullish Snap analyst on Wall Street loves the stock To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The EU's finance watchdog is closing loopholes for UK banks looking for an easy escape from Brexit Ben Moshinsky, Business Insider UK Mar. 28, 2017, 3:06 AM 361 facebook linkedin twitter email print Brexit could boost specific business at management consultancies. Yui Mok/PA Wire/PA Images LONDON — UK-based banks seeking a foothold in Europe after Brexit will face a tough assessment before they are allowed to set up on the continent, one of the European Union's top banking supervisors said. Sabine Lautenschlager, vice-chair of the Frankfurt-based Single Supervisory Mechanism, a unit of the European Central Bank, said applications for European licences will be scrutinised closely. Banks that use the UK as a base risk losing the so-called financial passport they use to access customers in the European single market after the Brexit negotiations. The talks start on Wednesday, when the UK is due to trigger Article 50, and will take up to two years.  "The most obvious option would be to obtain a banking licence in an EU country in order to regain the passport," Lautenschlager, said at a press conference.   "We will not accept empty shell companies" "It is the ECB that grants licences in the euro area. And to be clear: we will only grant licences to well-capitalised and well-managed banks," she said. "We will not accept empty shell companies. Any new entity must have adequate local risk management, sufficient local staff and operational independence." She added that the ECB will use phase-in periods to make sure that lenders comply with the rules, which may take up to two years to pass through. Lautenschlager said executives face a series of interviews to win the ECB's approval. "So from our point of view it is at the core to have many, many different interviews, getting the business plans for several years to come," she said. "How banks want to structure their activities, how they want to grow, what kind of booking they want to do, what kind of risk management. It's nothing that you can do in a few weeks, but where you need an in-depth analysis from our point of view." Prime Minister Theresa May's government has raised the possibility of a so-called "hard Brexit," which prioritises immigration control over membership of the European single market. Such a move would also lead to the automatic loss of the City of London's EU financial passport, which could be devastating to the City of London. The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said earlier this year that 5,500 UK companies rely on passporting rights, with a combined turnover of £9 billion.  HSBC, JPMorgan, and UBS have all warned about job relocations. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, told Bloomberg at Davos that the bank will likely move more people than previously thought. "It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for," Dimon said. The bank employs 16,000 people in the UK.  More from Business Insider UK: Article 50 will be triggered today A Tesla employee is suing the company over claims of racial harassment and discrimination (TSLA) Some of the biggest hedge funds are closing — here's what it takes to launch one today A revolution that's underway in healthcare could have us thinking about X-Rays the same way we think of iPhones (GE) 'This didn't happen overnight': Congressional committee launches investigation into American opioid producers NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by some of the most powerful men in finance Loading video... More: Banks EU Brexit article 50 Apester Poll facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The EU's finance watchdog is closing loopholes for UK banks looking for an easy escape from Brexit The EU's finance watchdog is closing loopholes for UK banks looking for an easy escape from Brexit LONDON — UK-based banks seeking a foothold in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items CalPERS, CalSTRS, Other Investors Have Indemnified Private Equity Criminal Conduct Even Though Fiduciary Counsels Say No - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Kansas Legislature Slips Koch Noose, Authorizes Medicaid Expansion - 03/29/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether Immigrants and Innovation in US History - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/28/17 - 03/28/2017 - Lambert Strether How Monopolies Stymie Political Activism: The Case of Black-Owned Businesses - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Why Did Preet Bharara Refuse to Drain the Wall Street Swamp? - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Chicago Meetup Follow-Up - 03/28/2017 - Yves Smith Bill Black: Why Did Preet Bharara Refuse to Drain the Wall Street Swamp? Posted on March 28, 2017 by Yves Smith By Bill Black, the author of The Best Way to Rob a Bank is to Own One, an associate professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri-Kansas City, and c–founder of Bank Whistleblowers United. Jointly published with New Economic Perspectives The New York Times’ editorial board published an editorial on March 12, 2017, praising Preet Bharara as the “Prosecutor Who Knew How to Drain a Swamp.” I agree with the title. At all times when he was the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York (which includes Wall Street) Bharara knew how to drain the swamp. Further, he had the authority, the jurisdiction, the resources, and the testimony from whistleblowers like Richard Bowen (a co-founder of Bank Whistleblowers United (BWU)) to drain the Wall Street swamp. Bowen personally contacted Bharara beginning in 2005. You were quoted in The Nation magazine as saying that if a whistleblower comes forward with evidence of wrongdoing, then you would be the first to prosecute [elite bankers]. I am writing this email to inform you that there is a body of evidence concerning wrongdoing, which the Department of Justice has refused to act on in order to determine whether criminal charges should be pursued. Bowen explained that he was a whistleblower about Citigroup’s senior managers and that he was (again) coming forward to aid Bharara to prosecute. Bowen tried repeatedly to interest Bharara in draining the Citigroup swamp. Bharara refused to respond to Bowen’s blowing of the whistle on the massive frauds led by Citigroup’s senior officers. Bharara knew how to drain the Wall Street swamp and was positioned to do so because he had federal prosecutorial jurisdiction over Wall Street crimes. Whistleblowers like Bowen, who lacked any meaningful power, sacrificed their careers and repeatedly demonstrated courage to ensure that Bharara would have the testimony and documents essential to prosecute successfully some of Wall Street’s most elite felons. Bharara never mustered the courage to prosecute those elites. Indeed, Bharara never mustered the courtesy to respond to Bowen’s offers to aid his office. The editorial lauds Bharara for his actions against public corruption in New York. New Yorkers, who have had a front-row seat to his work over the last seven years, know him for his efforts to drain one of the swampiest states in the country of its rampant public corruption. We are all for rooting out public corruption. The editorial ignores three key facts. First, New York politics are less corrupt than many other states, but Wall Street’s leaders created the “swampiest” region in American business. Further, the Northern District of New York has jurisdiction over Albany, so the swampiest part of New York State politics did not lie in Bharara’s jurisdiction. Second, Wall Street CEOs created, and infest, the swampiest of regions over which Bharara had jurisdiction. They led the epidemics of “control fraud” that hyper-inflated the housing bubble, drove the financial crisis, and caused the Great Recession. Third, Bharara did not prosecute any of them even when whistleblowers brought him the cases on platinum platters. Indeed, Bharara did not prosecute even low-level bank officers who were minor leaders in implementing those fraud epidemics. I will summarize briefly Bowen’s story as it intersects Bharara. Bowen held a senior position with Citigroup supervising a staff of several hundred professionals that conducted risk assessments on roughly $100 billion in annual mortgage purchases – a majority of which Citigroup resold to Fannie and Freddie or mortgage securitizers. Citigroup was exposed to enormous losses on these mortgages because the sellers had strong incentives to provide false “reps and warranties” to Citigroup and sell them fraudulently originated loans that were particularly likely to default and suffer larger losses upon default. Citigroup could only sell these fraudulently originated mortgages to others through making essentially the same fraudulent reps and warranties that it received from the original sellers. Bowen’s staff found originally that 60% of the loans it was buying had false reps and warranties. He warned his superiors about the problem, but they responded by weakening Citigroup’s already inadequate underwriting by buying pervasively fraudulent “liar’s” loans. Bowen put Citigroup’s senior management, including Robert Rubin, on written notice of the growing crisis and called for immediate intervention to stem the crisis. Citigroup’s senior management responded by removing Bowen’s staff and responsibilities. The incidence of fraud grew to 80 percent. Bowen was blowing the whistle internally at Citigroup and acting exactly as he was supposed to do – as Citigroup articulated what an officer should do in such circumstances. He was not looking for money or a lawsuit. He was the opposite of a disgruntled employee. He had never gone public. Citigroup’s top leaders forced Bowen out – for doing exactly the right think according to Citigroup’s own policies. Bowen did eventually blow the whistle to the public about the Citigroup’s top leadership and the banks hundreds of billions of dollars in sales of mortgages through false reps and warranties. Those sales, because of the losses they caused to Fannie and Freddie, were substantial contributors to Fannie and Freddie’s failures and the public bailout of both firms. Bowen met with the SEC staff and Assistant U.S. Attorneys (AUSAs) in several districts to provide them with the critical facts and documents. Bowen also testified before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (FCIC), which made multiple criminal referrals against Citigroup, including a referral based on Bowen’s testimony. Bowen was the perfect witness for a criminal prosecution of Citigroup’s senior managers and for an SEC enforcement action against Citigroup for securities fraud. Assistant U.S. Attorneys (AUSAs) in Denver, the Eastern District of New York (where Loretta Lynch was then the U.S. Attorney), and Bharara’s office told Bowen that the Department of Justice (DOJ) had never sent the criminal referrals that FCIC made about Citigroup to them. Bowen met with the AUSAs to assist them in what he had expected to be a series of prosecutions in 2016. Phil Angelides, FCIC’s Chairman, made public in 2016 the fact that the FCIC had made a criminal referral about Citigroup based on Bowen’s testimony before the inquiry. Bowen was by 2016 one of the best-known and most respected whistleblowers in America. FCIC’s chair found his testimony about Citigroup’s leaders highly credible, leading him to make the criminal referral, but DOJ’s leadership not only refused to prosecute, but also buried the criminal referrals to discourage any U.S. Attorney from prosecuting Citigroup’s fraudulent leaders. AUSA Jonathon Schmidt (San Francisco) called Bowen on July 10, 2010. Bowen gave him everything. Schmidt was excited and said that they were going to pursue the claims that Bowen had laid out, particularly Citigroup’s fraudulent reps and warranties. Bowen challenged Schmidt, telling him that I believed that once he talked to DC DOJ that Bowen would never hear from him again. Schmidt promised he would be back to Bowen within a week.  Bowen never heard from him again. Alayne Fleischmann, also one of the most famous whistleblowers to emerge from the crisis, provided vital information and documents to DOJ prosecutors about frauds led by JPMorgan’s senior managers. Fleischmann continued to seek to aid a DOJ prosecution after the Attorney General transferred responsibility for the case to Bharara’s office. No prosecution has occurred. Bharara is like every other federal prosecutor and the SEC’s top leaders. Bowen met with the SEC staff and five Assistant U.S. Attorneys (AUSAs) in four different districts (including Bharara’s) to provide them with the critical facts and documents. Each failed to prosecute the elite Wall Street officials who drove the three epidemics of fraud that drove the financial crisis. What is different is that because his office had jurisdiction over the elite frauds and the staff to conduct sophisticated investigations and prosecutions he could have drained the Wall Street swamp. Bharara simply had to take advantage of the courage and competence of whistleblowers like Bowen and Fleischman who brought him cases against the top managers of two of the world’s largest banks on a platinum platter. Bharara also could have taken advantage of the expertise and experience of regulators and prosecutors who worked together to produce over 1,000 felony convictions in “major” cases against financial executives and their co-conspirators in the savings and loan debacle. Bharara (and Lynch and their counterparts) failed to take either approach. Bharara knew how to drain the Wall Street swamp. He had the facts, the staff, and the jurisdiction to drain the Wall Street swamp. Bharara refused to do so. 005882 This entry was posted in Banana republic, Banking industry, Credit markets, Guest Post, Politics, Regulations and regulators on March 28, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Chicago Meetup Follow-Up Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…Maybe → Subscribe to Post Comments 36 comments skippy March 28, 2017 at 5:48 am Sorry Bill…. but the Flexians are lined up deeper than the ramparts to the south Korea… disheveled…. per MMT to much money and people is a bad mix…. sigh… Reply ↓ TK421 March 28, 2017 at 1:20 pm Huh? Reply ↓ skippy March 28, 2017 at 2:34 pm Money as a vote, where those with the most votes, maximize their utility over the control of the aforementioned. disheveled… ultimate self licking ice cream cone…. Reply ↓ ambrit March 28, 2017 at 6:24 am Sorry to say it but the situation as it stands now makes mob actions against the financial elites a rational choice. I know that such ideas are an essential part of the Libertarian Dream State, but, what else is left to do then either submit or fight? As is the case in our politics now, reform is no longer an option. Reply ↓ Larry March 28, 2017 at 7:17 am Of course the NYT defines the liberal version of draining the swamp. Government actors are already considered bad eggs. But the upper echelons of elite Wall St firms sit on the boards of America’s cultural and educational institutions and are culturally liberal, so whatever they may have done was done with no ill intent nor malice. Black exposes this as completely bogus in a short editorial but the leading pundits will be pounding on Russia, Hillbillies, and Russia some more. Reply ↓ steelhead23 March 28, 2017 at 11:33 am Dang, NC needs those up arrows so I could show my approval. The philanthropy fig-leaf of America’s elite hides a plentitude of warts. Too many people are duped by these ‘pillars of community.’ Reply ↓ allan March 28, 2017 at 8:01 am Prof. Black loses some credibility when he writes, … First, New York politics are less corrupt than many other states … Evidence? Links to studies? Anything? Given the national trends of the last few decades (many of them originating from Wall Street or Wall Street-owned politicians in D.C.), the NYS economy would have been fighting some very strong headwinds in any case. But the cesspool in Albany helped convince a lot of businesses and individuals to make their futures elsewhere. Parents in NYS know that their children’s adult lives will (if they’re lucky) be spent somewhere else. Yes, Preen is a fraud, but Albany was and remains a very corrupt place and the state suffers because of it. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 28, 2017 at 8:57 am And this has been going on for a long time. My mom and dad were born and raised New Yorkers​ who got out as soon as they could. Reply ↓ DorothyT March 28, 2017 at 10:30 am Recall Bill Black’s work during the S & L crisis across the country. I’m one who was involved with the economic class of Americans who were likely to have their savings in CDs in the fraudulent institutions in the swamp that Black was instrumental in draining. And, pertinent to this piece about Citi, I recently met a group of former Citi mid-level execs who were laid off during the mortgage mess: they rec’d golden parachutes, stock options, and never had to work again. Bill Black has my respect and gratitude. Reply ↓ Julie March 28, 2017 at 11:07 am I couldn’t paste the link successfully but this is from the Center for Public Integrity: New York GRADE:D-(61)RANK:31ST So 19 states are worse than New York. More than a few in other words, and only 3 states scored higher than a D+. At any rate, the swamp in Albany was not under Bhahara’s jurisdiction anyway, as Black points out. Seems unfair to attack his credibility over this. Reply ↓ allan March 28, 2017 at 11:38 am I have great respect for the work that Prof. Black did in the past and the work he continues to do. But public corruption can be incredibly damaging to government functions in the short and medium run, and corrosive to trust in government in the long run. To suggest that NYS doesn’t have a serious problem is not helpful. I would much rather have the USA for SDNY devoting limited resources to going after that, even if it might be publicity-seeking bigfooting of the USA in Albany, rather than crusading against insider trading. Even though I agree that Bharara, Breuer and Holder (and the czar they all worked for) were a disaster for the rule of law in this country. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo March 28, 2017 at 9:46 pm He didn’t say New York didn’t have a serious corruption problem, and he didn’t say corruption wasn’t important; he said NY was less corrupt than many other states. They’re not the same thing, and I imagine we could have a lively state corruption sweepstakes among the NC commentariat, as to who’s Most Corrupt. Also, the insider trading prosecutions were all misdirection by Bharara, making him appear like a tough guy, while ignoring the systemic and management-sanctioned corruption described in Black’s article. That in many ways was a waste of limited resources. As rich as the hedgies Bharara convicted on insider trading may have been, their grift was chump change compared to the structural corruption at the root of the crisis, and which he had an obligation to pursue. Bharara had the knowledge and the resources to create real deterrents to future fraudulent banking, namely, by jailing fraudulent bankers. He made a conscious decision not to do so. And here’s another facet of the story, structural corruption-wise: Bharara is Schumer’s guy. It was always a bit deluded to think he’d ever go after any of the big guys. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 28, 2017 at 11:34 am Further, the Northern District of New York has jurisdiction over Albany, so the swampiest part of New York State politics did not lie in Bharara’s jurisdiction. Not good enough? Reply ↓ Stephen Gardner March 28, 2017 at 3:46 pm Bill Black has all the credibility he needs. This is a classic propaganda technique to focus on unimportant minor points to impeach an otherwise very import essay. People here know better than to listen to that. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 29, 2017 at 2:04 am You’ve never seen how government works in Alabama or Texas. People get convicted in Texas with the prosecutor presenting no evidence. New York rates as one of the less corrupt states on every survey of corruption, as high as #2 (rated from clean to corrupt, although on that survey CA got a C- and everyone was below that) and as low as #11 or so, which still puts it way above average. Reply ↓ KYrocky March 28, 2017 at 8:25 am The Obama Administration prevented any investigations, let alone prosecutions, of Wall Street and large scale mortgage fraud. Obama’s 50 State Solution was sold as consolidation of multiple state efforts, which were making good progress, into a single, streamlined and comprehensive federal effort that would take the burden off the states. It was a lie. Preet Bharara was fired by Trump and has gotten a lot of sympathetic press over his firing. And he has certainly done many good things. But when it came to the biggest financial crimes in the history of the world he followed his orders, failed to do his job, and kept his mouth shut as the criminals reaped hundreds of billions of dollars and millions of American families suffered. And he is still keeping his mouth shut. But other than that…. Reply ↓ robnume March 28, 2017 at 5:40 pm +1,000,000! Obama was a rapacious doer for the .001%. That smirky dubya-esque smile on his face while on Sir Richard Branson’s private island off of the coast of Madagascar says it all. “Fuck all of y’all, I got out and away with screwing the rest of the nation, not once, but twice!” There’s not one politician who doesn’t deserve pitchforks and lamposts. Tar and feather these folk! Good essay by a man I highly respect, but I, too, noted long ago that New York State politics are real down and dirty. It’s the home of Wall Street, so how could it be otherwise? Reply ↓ johnnygl March 28, 2017 at 9:51 am It’s been a long time since the crisis and it’s clear that the elites would like to pretend there was very little of interest here. Incidents like this are helpful to remember just how much criminality took place and just how bad the obama administration was on corporate crime. Reply ↓ Gman March 28, 2017 at 10:10 am Obama will hopefully be remembered by most as the president who missed a unique opportunity and in doing so grabbed a golden one for himself at the very same time. Reply ↓ linda amick March 28, 2017 at 9:51 am It is all theater. We read Wikileaks exposures. There are crimes or at least valid reasons for investigations. We get teasers that investigations will happen. They never do. The political and corporate leadership class is immune from prosecution except for passing fine monies back and forth. These people are completely corrupt and have greatly participated in corrupting our society and its cultures. Reply ↓ Robert NYC March 28, 2017 at 9:56 am I have always found the Richard Bowen story particularly fascinating and infuriating. His memo to Rob Rubin is unbelievable. Frontline also did a piece on the failure to prosecute the banks. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission took testimony from Bowen but then locked it up under seal for five years. Do we have any rational explanation for this other than that the system is that corrupt. I am a cynic but this still shocks me to the point where I can’t fathom that it is really this bad. Reply ↓ gepay March 29, 2017 at 12:55 am we all know what happened to Eliot Spitzer who likely might have acted. Were there any US attorneys or state attorneys who actually did their jobs? Reply ↓ jhallc March 28, 2017 at 10:42 am “Bharara knew how to drain the Wall Street swamp. He had the facts, the staff, and the jurisdiction to drain the Wall Street swamp. Bharara refused to do so.” If my memory serves me, perhaps, like Neil Barofsky (SIGTARP), he had lunch with Larry Summers where it was explained to him that if he wanted to have a $$$career after leaving government it would be wise to let things slide ( i.e. see Lanny Breuer). Reply ↓ RUKidding March 28, 2017 at 10:58 am Bahara did what he was told by Obama. That’s the end of it. Anyone who wants to deify Obama – and I know far too many people who do – are completely ignoring Obama’s and Bahara’s criminal neglect to hold the banks and Wall St truly accountable. Recall Jamie “Presidential Cufflinks” Dimon basically thumbing his snooty nose at the hoi poloi. What? Me, worry? Sucks to be you, great to be me. These crooks will never do a perp walk, and Bahara made sure that they didn’t. All the whining about Bahara being “fired” by Trump is ignoring these inconvenient truths. Reply ↓ UserFriendly March 28, 2017 at 11:21 am I’m no Obama apologist, but if Bahara indited someone on Wall Street just how was Obama going to explain firing him? If either had an ounce of integrity the right people would be in jail. Reply ↓ Ian March 28, 2017 at 5:31 pm Some manufactured scandal or leak regarding improper or compromising behaviour, well before the ball trully got rolling on prosecuting our criminal elite forcing Obama to step in and either move him down, sideways or outright let go to ensure the integrity of the office. Reply ↓ sd March 28, 2017 at 11:08 am Citigroup (previously Citibank, etc) has always been corrupt. They were caught money laundering for drug cartels in the 1980s and terrorism back in the 1990s and should have been shut down forever both times. They weren’t. The only conclusion I can come to is that Citigroup is a heavily exposed to CIA activity. It sounds like a loony conspiracy theory until you look at the history of Riggs Bank, BCCI, etc and realize that historically its in the realm of possibility. So yes, its entirely possible. Reply ↓ Susan the other March 28, 2017 at 12:58 pm It doesn’t sound at all loony to me, sd. I think the current mess goes all the way back to the 50s. In defiance of financial prudence, in 1954, the rich guys went to DC, like some super mercenary army (pun intended) and threw what was called “The Bankruptcy Ball” which everyone who was anyone attended, all decked out in tuxedos and gowns. Catherine Graham’s autobiography. And I think it marks a point in time when our government became blood brothers with the banks. A relationship that saw us through the Cold War – which had already bankrupted us – and the Vietnam War which was an awful and senseless debacle; and on through till the USSR finally said “enough” – at which point our government and the banks were one. One big mess. We should have had the integrity at that point, 1990, to fix things. But we couldn’t because our capitalist economy, upon which most of the world had become addicted, would have failed without the crazy growth that the banksters provided… so, god. Talk about a mess. But that’s just my opinion. Reply ↓ Susan the other March 28, 2017 at 1:34 pm So, clearly we did learn one thing: we can supply the money to accomplish our goal, whatever it is. The important thing is to have a good goal. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL March 28, 2017 at 4:55 pm Well, there’s also the fact that it’s partially owned by Saudi Arabia. :) Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo March 28, 2017 at 9:56 pm Their corruption goes way back, long before the ’20’s, the Depression and the infamous Charles Mitchell. The bank in all its various incarnations has long been a private financial conduit for state actions, public and covert. It’s also got a long history as a conduit for capital flight from the developing world, especially Latin America. Reply ↓ robnume March 28, 2017 at 5:44 pm Ah, yes, the ol’ “Bank of Crooks and Criminals, Intl.” I remember them and good old Clark Clifford. Boy, that guy died just in time, huh? Good times! / sarc Reply ↓ Sluggeaux March 28, 2017 at 12:23 pm Well said, Professor Black. The Southern District of New York was the biggest crime scene in the U.S. during Bharara’s tenure as United States Attorney, and he was the man in charge of the Holder doctrine, printing “Get Out of Jail Free” cards for the donor class. Of course, Bharara is ambitious enough not to take a multi-million dollar desk at Covington like Holder and Breuer did. Bad optics. He’s going to academia, as a Distinguished Scholar in Residence at NYU School of Law. How noble! NOT. Naked Capitalism readers recognize NYU as what Pam Martens called “a tyrannical slush fund for privileged interests” where Obot Flexian grifters roost in luxury: http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2015/05/the-art-of-the-gouge-nyu-as-a-model-for-predatory-higher-education.html Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo March 28, 2017 at 9:59 pm NYU a “tyrannical slush fund for privileged interests?” And here I thought it was just a real estate development company with a higher education subsidiary. Reply ↓ blert March 28, 2017 at 2:00 pm Draining Wall Street is more challenging than cleaning out the Augean stables. Your first steps take you down the rabbit hole. White collar paper crime is brutally difficult to prosecute. It corn fuses the juries. (* per my Uncle… in his career he prosecuted 10,000 cases… ultimately as District Attorney with 700+ attorneys in his office.) Yes, it’s very slow going. It just is. Reply ↓ Dr Duh March 28, 2017 at 2:40 pm Not for nothing, but Preet came out of Schumer’s office who has parlayed being Wall Street’s senator into dejure leadership of the Senate Dems and defacto control of the Democratic party. Picking off egregious individuals like Madoff, who can be described as “bad apples” while ignoring systemic fraud is the playbook. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments clinical wasteman on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/28/2017Ach, just realized the cat scrambled even more... different clue on Links 3/28/17If NC is "illegalized", then the NC people... Marina Bart on Persuasion: An IntroductionHey, Foppe. I didn't forget. I'm not sure... Yves Smith on Gaius Publius: Senate Democrats Will Filibuster Gorsuch…MaybeFilibusters are not allowed on Cabinet appointments. The... different clue on Links 3/28/17Those of you who grabbed for wealth are... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,004) Banking industry (4,640) Brexit (46) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,455) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,754) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,404) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,449) Health care (388) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (948) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (495) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,878) Links (3,036) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,007) Private equity (509) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,573) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,013) Social values (1,787) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (383) Technology and innovation (449) The destruction of the middle class (1,334) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (641) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The $80B business that linked all-American brands with hate content USA TODAY Mike Snider 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Project Scalpel: Behind big banks' plan to save $2 billion All aboard: American Airlines takes $200 million stake in China Southern Click to expand Replay Video Can Trump save coal? President Trump's is taking a stand for campaign promises: protecting coal. According to the AP, the move was in response to economic losses in the industry. Coal has increasing lost business to the renewables. on tuesday Trump began looking to roll back obama-era regulations like the Clean Power Plan, which seeks to reduce emissions from coal power plants. He also want to lift the moratorium on the sale of coal mining leases on federal lands. Trump's move to support coal mining is unlikely to spur a quick turnaround in the industry however. Coals biggest problem isn't regulation but competition from the natural gas industry. Wochit Business An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run Four years after being accused of a fatal hit-and-run the heir to the Red Bull energy drink fortune isn't laying low, CNBC How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket Chris Voss, former lead kidnapping negotiator for the FBI and author of "Never Split the Difference," knows how to get what he wants. In this episode of "Everyday Hostages," Voss breaks down exactly how to get out of a speeding ticket when an officer pulls you over. The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Ad boycott at YouTube could cost Google millions CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Can Trump save coal? Wochit Business0:42 An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run CNBC0:56 How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket The Wall Street Journal.1:41 Crayola retiring one crayon Veuer0:29 Trump's evolving relationship with Ford CNN Money1:28 100 percent of Ballou HS seniors apply to college The Washington Post1:51 Forbes Media is reportedly in talks to be sold to a noteworthy Chinese firm The Street1:03 1 million pounds of chicken nuggets recalled over metal contamination Veuer0:45 How will tax policy impact the markets? Fox Business1:39 Trump signs four bills rolling back regulations The Washington Post5:50 DOJ takes aim at 'sanctuary cities' through federal funding cuts Newsy1:26 Amazon makes play for Middle East market Wochit Tech0:52 You won't find this vice on the Vegas Strip CNN Money2:40 Bernie Sanders will reintroduce 'Medicare for all' single-payer plan Newsy1:13 Trump turns to tax reform after health-care defeat The Washington Post1:05 Amazon has bigger brick-and-mortar plans than just grocery stores CNBC0:41 UP NEXT A growing number of advertisers have recently pulled their advertising business from Google's video service YouTube after their ads ran with offensive and extremist content. Quotes in the article General Motors Co GM ▲ 35.56 +0.85 +2.45% Starbucks Corp SBUX ▲ 57.35 +0.12 +0.21% Yahoo! Inc YHOO ▲ 46.57 +0.17 +0.37% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 65.29 +0.19 +0.29% But how did those ads even wind up near such content? The answer: programmatic advertising.  Programmatic advertising is an automatic software-driven system for advertisers to pay in advance for ads to run acrossonline content including social media, websites and video on computers and portable devices. Much of the $83 billion that research firm eMarketer expects to be spent on U.S. digital ads this year — more than is spent on TV or any other media — is executed via programmatic. "Everything is done instantaneously, billing and transactions are done in milliseconds across a massive ecosystem and trillions of impressions are delivered," said Chris Loretto, executive vice president at Digital First Media, which participates in programmatic ad sales across the sites and apps of its 106 newspapers including The Denver Post and San Jose Mercury News. DFM also has Adtaxi, a digital marketing agency, that buys programmatic ads as well as delivers ads across search, social and email. How does programmatic advertising work? Think of the system as akin to computerized trading on the stock market: it happens in milliseconds. In traditional advertising, a company looking to run ads chooses a particular network TV show or time block, or newspaper or magazine. With programatic advertising, a digital advertiser can tweak delivery of its ads to certain consumer demographics (age, sex, location), behaviors and other characteristics. "So this technology takes all the data and automates it, matching the buyer and the seller at prices that everybody is agreeable," with, Loretto said.   How does an ad wind up on an offensive or extremist article or video? Sometimes the customer demographics overlap with online content that can be offensive, and a programmatic ad will be delivered to such a site. "Right now with all the algorithms they cannot guarantee to an advertiser that their ads won’t be on some kind of site that is problematic," said Miro Copic, a marketing expert at San Diego State University and co-founder of BottomLine Marketing. How can they fix it? YouTube is working on the problem; it and other sites have technicians manually monitoring video content to prevent problem match-ups. But even as the boycott grows daily, its automated system continued to place ads from major brands, which has led to more companies including Coca-Cola, GM and Starbucks to pull ads from YouTube, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday. Part of the problem? YouTube is a network that showcases user-generated content, so the volume grows infinitely. When someone reports a problem, that video or content can be flagged and will not have specific brand ads displayed. "In the short term it can be a very manual process," Copic said. The major players in the growing digital ad industry are "very focused around improving the ad ecosystem," Digital First's Loretto said. "But it’s not an easy answer to what might seem like an easy question. Who wins in this situation? Eventually, consumers will win because better ad delivery mechanisms will be developed. In the short term, competitors to Google and Facebook could have an opening to gain some digital ad sales. Yahoo, which delivers ads via search, mobile and video, or Microsoft, which offers search ads through its Bing network, "can go to those guys and say, 'Look, we can provide you more reliable targeting and even guarantee the audience," Copic said. "So it provides an opportunity for the other players."  Possible losers? The biggest players, Google's YouTube and Facebook, have the most to lose. Google is tops in digital ad revenue, due to attract nearly 41% of all spending this year. Coming in at No. 2 is Facebook, expected to generate $16.3 billion, compared to the $33 billion Google is expected to get. And YouTube is a growing digital ad sales generator for Google, expected to account for more than 10% of its total revenue, eMarketer estimates. It's already suffering lost revenue in the short-term from a boycott that's included JPMorgan Chase, AT&T, Verizon and Johnson & Johnson in the U.S.  More than 250 organizations including McDonald's, Toyota and the British government have halted their advertising on YouTube in the U.K., according to The Times, whose investigation triggered the boycott. "Brands want to see some kind of accountability on their audience and they have this second issue that their ads are being seen in places they would prefer not," said Copic. However, "if Google comes back quickly and says, 'This is what we’re doing to do: A, B and C,' I think the advertisers come back," Copic said. "Maybe they temporarily reduce spending in the short-term, but they will get back to that spending level if Google is able to address the problem." Follow USA Today reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Anne Hathaway brings 'Colossal' premiere fashion USA TODAY Things looking up for the Warriors these days USA TODAY Inside the new Museum of the American Revolution USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
