Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Power Co. of Canada (POW) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HealthStream, Inc. (HSTM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Position in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ANIP) by 163.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 51,415 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 31,935 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC owned 0.44% of ANI Pharmaceuticals worth $3,117,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in ANIP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals by 48.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,533 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $699,000 after buying an additional 3,423 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals by 11.9% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 68,682 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $4,558,000 after buying an additional 7,277 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth $204,000. Arizona State Retirement System boosted its position in shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals by 5.1% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 4,115 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $273,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Finally, Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth $202,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 51.56% of the company’s stock. ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ANIP) opened at 45.99 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $532.98 million, a PE ratio of 135.26 and a beta of 3.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $55.10 and its 200 day moving average is $59.75. ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc has a 12-month low of $30.60 and a 12-month high of $70.92. ANI Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ANIP) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported $0.84 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.09 by $0.25. The firm earned $38.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $40.98 million. ANI Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 7.28% and a return on equity of 21.84%. ANI Pharmaceuticals’s revenue for the quarter was up 112.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.52 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc will post $3.77 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Position in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/guggenheim-capital-llc-raises-position-in-ani-pharmaceuticals-inc-anip.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on ANIP. Roth Capital cut shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, Guggenheim restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of ANI Pharmaceuticals in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $67.83. About ANI Pharmaceuticals ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc is an integrated specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing branded and generic prescription pharmaceuticals. The Company’s focus areas of product development include anti-cancer, hormones and steroids, and complex formulations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ANIP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ANIP). Receive News & Ratings for ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First of Long Island Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First of Long Island Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Vincent Roche Sells 47,400 Shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stock Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 38,885 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Director Francis J. Kramer Sells 30,000 Shares Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Director Michael J. Bush Sells 7,426 Shares Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Charles B. Ammann Sells 14,286 Shares Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets 65,473 Shares in First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm acquired 65,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,866,000. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in FLIC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 0.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 238,511 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,907,000 after buying an additional 708 shares during the last quarter. Boston Partners boosted its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 5.6% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 87,660 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,906,000 after buying an additional 4,620 shares during the last quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia purchased a new stake in First of Long Island Corp during the third quarter worth about $814,000. Chilton Investment Co. LLC boosted its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 19.3% in the third quarter. Chilton Investment Co. LLC now owns 76,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,543,000 after buying an additional 12,399 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. boosted its stake in First of Long Island Corp by 3.9% in the third quarter. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 119,692 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,968,000 after buying an additional 4,495 shares during the last quarter. 34.16% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC) opened at 26.35 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $27.41 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.20. The firm has a market cap of $629.79 million, a PE ratio of 19.66 and a beta of 0.74. First of Long Island Corp has a 52-week low of $25.08 and a 52-week high of $40.40. First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $0.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.04. First of Long Island Corp had a return on equity of 10.47% and a net margin of 26.94%. Equities analysts expect that First of Long Island Corp will post $1.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 17th will be paid a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.13%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 15th. First of Long Island Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 42.32%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “65,473 Shares in First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd.” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/65473-shares-in-first-of-long-island-corp-flic-acquired-by-russell-investments-group-ltd.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut First of Long Island Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. First of Long Island Corp Company Profile The First of Long Island Corporation is a one-bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, The First National Bank of Long Island (the Bank). Its services include account reconciliation services, bank by mail, personal money orders, bill payment, remote deposit, cash management services, safe deposit boxes, collection services securities transactions, controlled disbursement accounts, signature guarantee services, drive-in banking, merchant credit card services, and investment management and trust services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FLIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First of Long Island Corp (NASDAQ:FLIC). Receive News & Ratings for First of Long Island Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First of Long Island Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages IDEX Co. (IEX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receives Market Perform Rating from Leerink Swann Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Hays plc (HAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Husky Energy Inc. (HSE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €14.80 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) has been assigned a €14.80 ($15.91) target price by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Kepler Capital Markets set a €13.80 ($14.84) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 25th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €14.50 ($15.59) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €15.50 ($16.67) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Macquarie set a €15.50 ($16.67) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, S&P Global set a €16.00 ($17.20) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €14.49 ($15.58). ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 13.765 on Thursday. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €9.36 and a 1-year high of €14.75. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €13.77 and a 200-day moving average price of €12.81. The stock has a market cap of €53.38 billion and a PE ratio of 11.471. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €14.80 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-a-14-80-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on March 21. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on March 21. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) At the open: TSX slips further with oil as Trump trade fizzles Add to ... Reuters Published Wednesday, Mar. 22, 2017 9:43AM EDT Last updated Wednesday, Mar. 22, 2017 9:50AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index fell on Wednesday as a weakness in oil prices weighed on the heavily weighted energy sector, offsetting modest strength in gold-mining shares. At 9:41 a.m., the Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index fell 45.28 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 15,267.85. Of the index’s 10 main groups, eight were in negative territory. On Tuesday, the index ended down 0.84 per cent. U.S. stocks also opened slightly lower, a day after Wall Street posted its biggest one-day fall since the November election, as investors fret about potential delays to President Donald Trump’s pro-growth policies. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 33.69 points, or 0.16 per cent, to 20,634.32, the S&P 500 lost 1.44 points, or 0.06 per cent, to 2,342.58 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.85 points, or 0.01 per cent, to 5,792.98. Mr. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump’s tax reform policies may face setbacks. “The markets were reminded yesterday the ‘Trump trade’ is not a one-way trade and there’s room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want,” said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. “The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either.” U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 per cent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump’s agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. The last time the S&P 500 lost 1 per cent or more in a day was on Oct. 11. “Given the full valuation and the long time that’s passed since we’ve had a one percent down day, let alone a correction, a forward correction is a real possibility,” said Amoroso. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.87, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Shares of financials, which suffered their worst daily drop since June, were lower in premarket trading. Bank of America , Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo were all down. The financial sector has been the best performing of the 11 major S&P sectors since Trump’s election, up 18 per cent. CBOE’s VIX index , known as the “fear gauge”, briefly topped 13 per cent for the first time since mid-January. European shares hit two-week lows and Asian equities suffered their biggest one-day fall since Dec. 15. After sharp falls on Tuesday, MSCI’s world stocks index fell half a percent for its biggest two-day drop since the same date. The U.S. dollar touched a four-month low against the Japanese currency, whose strength helped push Tokyo stocks to a three-week low, while the euro held close to its highest since early February at around $1.08. Investors’ flight to safety pushed down U.S. Treasury yields and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. Waning risk appetite also hit commodities: Brent crude oil fell more than 70 cents to as low as $50.05 a barrel, its cheapest since Nov. 30. Copper fell 0.7 per cent to $5.736 a tonne. The main factor behind the sell-off in risky assets was doubt that Mr. Trump would be able to deliver on his agenda for economic growth, including tax cuts and relaxed regulation, any time soon. Societe Generale currency strategist Alvin Tan, in London, said an FBI investigation into possible ties between Mr. Trump’s campaign and Russia was also adding to investor worries. “All in all, that’s adding to a picture that the much hoped-for and hyped fiscal stimulus package may not be coming as soon as markets would like it to come, if at all,” he said. The pan-European STOXX 600 index was last down 0.6 per cent, having earlier dropped as much as 0.9 per cent, led lower by banks and miners. Britain’s FTSE 100 index fell 0.8 per cent. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1.4 per cent at one point. In the previous session, the index hit its highest level since June 2015. Japanese stocks fell 2 per cent, Australian shares tumbled 1.6 per cent and mainland Chinese shares closed down 0.5 percent. MSCI’s main measure of emerging market equities slid nearly 1 per cent. The dollar, which has risen this year in anticipation of a boost from Mr. Trump’s tax reform, edged up 0.1 per cent against a basket of currencies. However, the greenback was down 0.3 per cent at 111.32 yen , having earlier hit a four-month low of 111.12 yen. The euro dipped 0.2 per cent to $1.0790, off a high of $1.0818 as European trading began. Sterling fell 0.2 per cent to $1.2450, having earlier hit $1.2507, its strongest in nearly four weeks. U.S. Treasury yields, which fell on Tuesday along with Wall Street, dropped further. The 10-year benchmark yield dipped below 2.4 per cent for the first time since March 1. It last stood at 2.41 per cent, down 2.2 basis points on the day. In early trade, the closely watched gap between U.S. and German 10-year yields touched its narrowest since November at around 195 basis points. German 10-year yields, the benchmark for euro zone borrowing costs, then fell further and were last down 3.8 basis points at 0.42 percent. “Market participants are worried about the effects and feasibility of Donald Trump’s growth programme,” DZ Bank strategist Birgit Figge said. “Alongside this, speculation is persisting ... that the ECB may possibly scale back its ultra-expansionary policy stance to some extent at an earlier point in time than is currently being assumed.” Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Trump tax cut doubts hit stocks, U.S. dollar (Reuters)   CL-FTCrude Oil Front Month Futures Latest Price$48.37 +0.64 (+1.34%) GC-FTGold Front Month Futures Latest Price$1,255.90 +0.50 (+0.04%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,609.85 +103.63 (+0.67%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,723.85 +172.87 (+0.84%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,881.49 +41.12 (+0.70%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,361.30 +19.71 (+0.84%) Updated March 28 2:46 PM CDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story U.S. stocks suffer worst decline since presidential election Wednesday's analyst upgrades and downgrades Wednesday's small-cap stocks to watch Topics U.S. Treasury S&P Company Donald Trump Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Thieves steal 100-kilogram gold coin worth millions Globe Drive Redesigned Mercedes coupe changes lanes without us touching the wheel Report on Business Markets on alert for 'Trump tantrum' News What is 'shuanggui', and why did it send this Chinese man to prison? Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four things millennials need to know about getting started as an investor Report on Business Britain's new pound coin most secure 'in the world' News Opinion: 'Feminism looks very different to different people' News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station News Haley: 'The days of Israel-bashing are over' at UN News Mystery deepens over Nunes' investigation into Trump wiretap claims Report on Business Brexit pressure for British PM Globe Drive Uber halts driverless car program after Arizona crash ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Virtual case competition connects students from around world Arts Russell Smith: Fearless Girl, Charging Bull and the problems of public art Most popular Liberals reverse course on Chinese takeover of Montreal high-tech firm U.K. rejects Scotland’s bid for new independence referendum There’s only one way to fix the housing bubble Trudeau – a fine communicator, a faltering democrat I’m getting a big inheritance. How should I invest it? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide How Imran Khan became the secret weapon behind the year's biggest tech IPO Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Sunday, 26 Mar 2017 | 9:09 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Richard Drew | AP Snap Inc. Chief Strategy Officer Imran Khan follows the IPO of his company's stock at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, March 2, 2017. Even as a college student in 2000, multimillionaire Imran Khan was ahead of his time. Today, 39-year-old Khan is the chief strategy officer of Snapchat, the man behind the curtain whose youthful exuberance, illustrious network and Wall Street chops have shepherded the company to stardom. But in 2000, the dotcom bubble and Y2K loomed large. Alibaba was a year old, Amazon sold books, Facebook and YouTube didn't exist — and Khan was a kid from Bangladesh. "We possess technology [that] gives us more information about our world and ourselves than we've ever had before," his University of Denver yearbook read. "Within our massive global database is the answer that we keep ignoring." Then, Khan was just another smiling face on page 154. He would ultimately come to shape the future for internet users across the world. In the vein of investor Bill Gurley and writer Om Malik, Khan was already launching a mini-new media operation of his own: A newsletter run by students in the Economics department. The newsletter fizzled out, but professor Tracy Mott remembers Khan's initiative and energy. Khan also proposed his own independent study, and went outside the curriculum to take classes on monetary policy and financial markets, Mott said. "He had a very pleasant personality and a lot of energy," Mott said. "He and his parents took Professor Ho and me to dinner right before graduation." Mike Durney of DHI Group recalls a different meal with Khan, a lunch on a snowy day nearly a decade later. By then, Khan had shot up the ranks on Wall Street, working at a tech company and investment firms and becoming top analyst at JPMorgan by 2004. "He was able to rise to any occasion." By the time of the 2008 financial crisis, Imran "Dot.Khan" Khan's JPMorgan reports, "Nothing but Net," were of biblical importance on Wall Street. One 2009 report has predictions that now read like a history lesson, foreshadowing the dominance of Amazon, MySpace's fall and Facebook's rise, and Google's cloud and Android platform. Khan covered DHI, which went public in 2007. "When he was a star research analyst, I always found his thinking to somewhat forward-looking, and investment banking-like, as opposed to pure research," said Durney, then chief financial officer and now CEO. "I remember having lunch with him when he was still a research analyst. The conversation wasn't as much about models and expectations, it was more, 'How do you think about how the company will be in a couple years?,' 'What do you need to drive the business?' I always found that to be a little different than your average research analyst." One person who knew Khan told Business Insider that he "clawed his way up." Durney disagrees. "Some people you can have a conversation with them, and their aspirations are on their sleeve," Durney said. "I didn't get that impression from him. The reason he is successful there is because his thinking is very forward-looking." Brendan McDermid | Reuters Snap Inc. chief strategy officer, Imran Khan, takes a photograph on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) while waiting for Snap Inc. to post their IPO in New York, U.S., March 2, 2017. Hope Cochran, who would meet Khan years later, did notice something a little deceptive about Khan — his smile. "I think of like this silly grin on his face constantly. He looks like he's up to something," said Cochran, then chief financial officer at King Digital. "He brings a levity to the situation. He has a great strategic view on a situation. He's very good at reading a room and understanding the dynamics of the room. That smile — it's a little misleading because he has a lot of insight." Khan helped Cochran take King Digital, maker of Candy Crush Saga, public in the spring of 2014, a deal that did not go smoothly: Shares plunged on their first day of trading. But Khan was unshakeable, said Cochran, now a venture capitalist at Madrona Venture Group. "We were very busy and focused. My memory is a lot of late nights in the offices working on the process of going public," Cochran said. "I remember a fun moment, when we flew into Frankfurt, we all took a red-eye to get there. He took a red-eye from Asia, I think. He ran in and was all rumpled and ruffled, he had a small duffel bag. And within minutes he was transformed into the investment banker he needed to be. And he had more energy than I've ever seen that day. He was able to rise to any occasion." That's important because he was about to hit the most crucial point in his career: leading Alibaba's Autumn 2014 IPO, the biggest IPO ever in the world. Cochran said that though Khan was busy during this time, he always made the time to chat by phone. Soon after, Snap snared Khan from Credit Suisse, a risky move for someone at the height of their career in investment banking, Cochran said. Snap went public earlier this month, in the biggest tech IPO since Alibaba. Durney said he's not surprised that Khan ended up at a start-up like Snap, one that has "real juice." While not every start-up has a chief strategy officer, in this case, it's apt. "There are a number of people in banking that wouldn't get Snapchat," Durney said. "If you look at how the media world has evolved over time, they are at the forefront of it. I think that fits with the way he thought more generally, focusing on where the world is going." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change SNAP --- JPM --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Angela Merkel toughens her position on Brexit Emmanuel Macron’s Rothschild years make him an easy election target Millions of expats caught in Brexit no man’s land British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Japan’s business lobby issues fresh Brexit warning to Theresa May US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump to unwind Obama actions on climate change Senate committee to question Jared Kushner on Russia ties Critic of World Bank and IMF eyed for key role at Treasury Exxon urges Trump to keep US in Paris climate accord Three puzzles of the financial markets’ tug of war Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Bill Gross settles feud with Pimco for $81m WhatsApp row explained: backdoors and bad guys Paulson & Co hedge fund manager dead in an apparent suicide Two big Tesco shareholders come out against Booker takeover Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Markets shudder after US healthcare debacle Bloomberg suffers rare drop in terminal numbers as banks cut back Hedge fund closures hold nuggets for stock market investors Trafigura tests blockchain for settling US oil market deals Wall St pares losses as equity bulls fight back Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Brexit reinforces Britain’s imperial amnesia The menace of populism has made the tribal left think again A bigger catch: China’s fishing fleet hunts new ocean targets India’s biometric ID scans make sci-fi a reality Brexiters must lose if Brexit is to succeed Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Amazon’s shopping spree at business schools Will 10 apples a day keep the doctor away? Workflow app: a user’s guide to shortcuts Codes of conduct breach the principles of common sense How to make 3D charts great again Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths The art of the political snub The age of unenlightenment David and Monica Galetti: a restaurant of their own An alternative remedy for India’s romance troubles Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times International inflation gap hits decades-long low Already a subscriber? Sign in here Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu’s Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience. Upgrade now Not a subscriber? Click here to subscribe What do you get in your Premium Subscription package? Lex Column - The FT’s daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930’s Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions. Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times’ lauded editor. FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week’s news stories. Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics. Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance California Water Service Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Power Co. of Canada (POW) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HealthStream, Inc. (HSTM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $883,000 Position in California Water Service Group (CWT) March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in shares of California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) by 7.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 26,060 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,710 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans owned about 0.05% of California Water Service Group worth $883,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 10.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 24,933 shares of the company’s stock valued at $800,000 after buying an additional 2,320 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 289,858 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,302,000 after buying an additional 22,258 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 13.4% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 6,359 shares of the company’s stock valued at $204,000 after buying an additional 753 shares during the period. M&T Bank Corp increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 34.1% in the third quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 8,719 shares of the company’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 2,219 shares during the period. Finally, KBC Group NV increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 2.3% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 167,630 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,379,000 after buying an additional 3,829 shares during the period. 68.63% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) opened at 35.05 on Friday. California Water Service Group has a 12-month low of $25.68 and a 12-month high of $37.60. The company has a 50-day moving average of $35.16 and a 200 day moving average of $33.54. The firm has a market cap of $1.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.70 and a beta of 0.65. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.31 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.11. The business had revenue of $150.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $146.33 million. California Water Service Group had a net margin of 7.05% and a return on equity of 6.56%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 9.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.18 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that California Water Service Group will post $1.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $883,000 Position in California Water Service Group (CWT)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/thrivent-financial-for-lutherans-has-883000-position-in-california-water-service-group-cwt.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on CWT shares. Gabelli upgraded shares of California Water Service Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Macquarie started coverage on shares of California Water Service Group in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $32.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of California Water Service Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co downgraded shares of California Water Service Group from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. California Water Service Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.20. In related news, VP Michael B. Luu sold 2,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.47, for a total transaction of $82,728.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 8,532 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $294,098.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 1.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About California Water Service Group California Water Service Group is a holding company that provides water utility and other related services in California, Washington, New Mexico and Hawaii through its subsidiaries. It operates through supply and distribution of water, and providing water-related utility services segment. Its business comprises the production, purchase, storage, treatment, testing, distribution and sale of water for domestic, industrial, public and irrigation uses, and for fire protection. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CWT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Receive News & Ratings for California Water Service Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Asbury Automotive Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Asbury Automotive Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) State Street Corp Sells 28,757 Shares of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (ABG) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet State Street Corp lowered its stake in Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) by 5.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 547,577 shares of the company’s stock after selling 28,757 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Asbury Automotive Group were worth $33,791,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of ABG. Rhumbline Advisers increased its stake in shares of Asbury Automotive Group by 7.8% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 35,179 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,958,000 after buying an additional 2,545 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund increased its stake in shares of Asbury Automotive Group by 22.6% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 112,937 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,287,000 after buying an additional 20,856 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Asbury Automotive Group by 37.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 47,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,633,000 after buying an additional 12,884 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in shares of Asbury Automotive Group by 8.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 92,119 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,129,000 after buying an additional 7,162 shares during the period. Finally, US Bancorp DE increased its stake in shares of Asbury Automotive Group by 17.2% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 3,274 shares of the company’s stock valued at $182,000 after buying an additional 480 shares during the period. Shares of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) opened at 60.65 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $1.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 8.20 and a beta of 1.33. Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. has a one year low of $47.50 and a one year high of $71.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $64.36 and its 200 day moving average price is $59.71. Asbury Automotive Group (NYSE:ABG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.56 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.14. Asbury Automotive Group had a return on equity of 57.45% and a net margin of 2.56%. The business had revenue of $1.70 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.63 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.31 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. will post $6.41 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “State Street Corp Sells 28,757 Shares of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (ABG)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/state-street-corp-sells-28757-shares-of-asbury-automotive-group-inc-abg.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Asbury Automotive Group from $64.00 to $73.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Asbury Automotive Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. In other news, SVP George A. Villasana sold 13,004 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.11, for a total transaction of $846,690.44. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 26,784 shares in the company, valued at $1,743,906.24. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP George Karolis sold 2,773 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.01, for a total value of $191,364.73. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 6,927 shares in the company, valued at approximately $478,032.27. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 25,777 shares of company stock worth $1,703,055 in the last 90 days. Insiders own 10.90% of the company’s stock. About Asbury Automotive Group Asbury Automotive Group, Inc is an automotive retailer in the United States. The Company offers a range of automotive products and services, including new vehicles; used vehicles; parts and service, including vehicle repair and maintenance services, replacement parts, and collision repair services, and finance and insurance, including arranging vehicle financing through third parties and aftermarket products, such as extended service contracts, guaranteed asset protection (GAP) insurance, prepaid maintenance, and credit life and disability insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG). Receive News & Ratings for Asbury Automotive Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Asbury Automotive Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous State Street Corp Purchases 702,301 Shares of Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) Next » Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Buys Shares of 2,785 ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Shares Sold by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Invests $4,809,000 in Boeing Co (BA) GLG Partners LP Cuts Stake in United Technologies Co. (UTX) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $381,000 Stake in CVS Health Corp (CVS) SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Cheviot Value Management LLC Invests $234,000 in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Intellectus Partners LLC Takes Position in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Fiera Capital Corp Sells 31,021 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Franklin Resources Inc. Reduces Stake in Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Two Sigma Investments LP Buys New Position in Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Hampstead Capital LLP Purchases Shares of 40,000 Celgene Co. (CELG) Hampstead Capital LLP Takes Position in United Technologies Co. (UTX) CVS Health Corp (CVS) Stake Held by Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P. Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) CFO Sells $358,157.76 in Stock William David Fretz Sells 20,000 Shares of Great Canadian Gaming Corp (GC) Stock Insider Buying: Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Major Shareholder Buys $340,159.86 in Stock Symantec Co. (SYMC) Price Target Raised to $37.00 United Overseas Bank Ltd (UOVEY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Xcerra Corp (XCRA) to Hold Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($83.87) target price on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. SU has been the topic of a number of other reports. Bank of America Corp set a €70.00 ($75.27) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €71.00 ($76.34) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €73.00 ($78.49) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($77.42) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €80.00 ($86.02) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €69.12 ($74.32). Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 67.31 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €66.20 and its 200-day moving average is €64.20. The company has a market capitalization of €37.35 billion and a PE ratio of 21.78. Schneider Electric SE has a 52-week low of €49.50 and a 52-week high of €69.53. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-schneider-electric-se-su-a-78-00-price-target.html. Schneider Electric SE Company Profile Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Nisan 1, 5777 Time in Israel: 10:53 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business Business in Brief: Two Israelis Charged With Insider Trading in Mobileye Shares After four years IDB allowed to drop ‘going concern’ warning on financial reports; Bank of Israel study finds link between shekel depreciation and export growth. TheMarker Mar 27, 2017 12:09 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon The Mobileye logo appearing on a screen of the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. The Intel deal may be the harbinger of more Israeli auto tech companies' success. Richard Drew/AP Two Israelis charged with insider trading in Mobileye shares Two Israelis were charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading in Mobileye before Intel said it was buying the maker of driverless-car technology for $15.3 billion. In a complaint filed on Thursday, the SEC alleged that Ariel Darvasi and Amir Waldman made “remarkably timed” purchases of Mobileye shares and call options prior to the March 13 announcement. The SEC said Darvasi earned about $427,000 from the trades while Waldman profited by$4.5 million after the announcement caused shares of Jerusalem-based Mobileye to soar 28.2 % in a single day. According to the SEC, both defendants were connected to Mobileye insiders through the academic community at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where much of Mobileye’s core technology was developed and at least 11 Mobileye directors and officers were affiliated. Darvasi, of Mevasseret Zion, is a genetics professor at the university, while Waldman, of Yarqona, is a self-employed engineer, the SEC said. (Reuters) After four years IDB allowed to drop ‘going concern’ warning on financial reports IDB Development Corporation, the holding company controlled by Argentina’s Eduardo Elsztein, published its results without a “going concern” warning for the first time in four years. The conglomerate reported a 262 million shekel ($72 million) profit in fourth-quarter 2016, turning around from a 360 million loss a year ago, thanks to the sale of its stake in agrochemicals maker Adama and improved results at its Cellcom Israel, Super-Sol and Property & Building Limited units. Elsztein told a meeting of investors Thursday he was in no rush to sell of the group’s array of businesses because low interest rates made financing so inexpensive. “Everywhere I go people are still asking me, ‘Are you selling Cellcom, Super-Sol, Property & Building or any other assets?’ But I see things differently and in my eyes it’s better to hold on to these assets and not sell them.” However, IDB has retained JPMorgan to find a single buyer for its 55% stake. (Michael Rochvarger) Bank of Israel study finds link between shekel depreciation and export growth Just days after it stepped into the foreign currency market is a big way to stem the dollar’s loss against the shekel, the Bank of Israel said it would be issuing a study showing intervention works to boost exports. The study found that each 1% depreciation in the value of the shekel led to a rise of between 0.3% and 0.6% in exports after a time lag of two years. It said the lag was probably due to companies’ contractual commitments and currency hedging measures they typically make. The biggest beneficiary is industry, which gets an 0.8% boost, while for services, including tourism, the effect is more modest. The study, which will appear in the Bank of Israel’s annual report to be released Wednesday, said the loss of export markets by Israeli companies from a strong shekel would be hard to win back when the currency weakened because of the costs involved from a company trying to reestablish itself after a hiatus. (Moti Bassok)  Banks, insurers push Tel Aviv shares lower Tel Aviv shares ended lower on Sunday, pulled down by financial shares. The blue chip TA-35 index ended down more than 1% to 1,401.54, while the TA-125 lost nearly 0.8% to 1,256.50, on turnover of 665 million shekels ($$183 million). Phoenix led insurers lower, falling 3.45% to 14.54 shekels. Migdal was down 2.4% at 3.63, and Clal Insurance lost 1.8% to 58.91. Among banks, Israel Discount fell 1.6% to 7.97 and Mizrahi Tefahot 1.1% to 62.37. Elbit Systems dropped 1.9% to 408.50. Leading the day’s gainers, Mazor Robotics jumped 12.8% to 50.58, catching up on its Wall Street price, even though the company issued no announcement to explain the jump. Israel Electric Corporation raised 1.6 billion shekels over the weekend in the institutional tranche, 600 million more than it had slated amid strong demands. Avgol raised 197 million in bonds from institutions. Delek Group moved closer to buying Ithaca Energy over the weekend. (Shelly Appelberg) Israelis charged with Mobileye insider trading Two Israelis were charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading in Mobileye before Intel said it was buying the maker of driverless-car technology for $15.3 billion. In a complaint filed on Thursday, the SEC alleged that Ariel Darvasi and Amir Waldman made “remarkably timed” purchases of Mobileye shares and call options prior to the March 13 announcement. The SEC said Darvasi earned about $427,000 from the trades while Waldman profited by$4.5 million after the announcement caused shares of Jerusalem-based Mobileye to soar 28.2 % in a single day. According to the SEC, both defendants were connected to Mobileye insiders through the academic community at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where much of Mobileye’s core technology was developed and at least 11 Mobileye directors and officers were affiliated. Darvasi, of Mevasseret Zion, is a genetics professor at the university, while Waldman, of Yarqona, is a self-employed engineer, the SEC said. (Reuters) IDB allowed to drop ‘going concern’ warnings on financial reports after four years IDB Development Corporation, the holding company controlled by Argentina’s Eduardo Elsztein, published its results without a “going concern” warning for the first time in four years. The conglomerate reported a 262 million shekel ($72 million) profit in fourth-quarter 2016, turning around from a 360 million loss a year ago, thanks to the sale of its stake in agrochemicals maker Adama and improved results at its Cellcom Israel, Super-Sol and Property & Building Limited units. Elsztein told a meeting of investors Thursday he was in no rush to sell of the group’s array of businesses because low interest rates made financing so inexpensive. “Everywhere I go people are still asking me, ‘Are you selling Cellcom, Super-Sol, Property & Building or any other assets?’ But I see things differently and in my eyes it’s better to hold on to these assets and not sell them.” However, IDB has retained JPMorgan to find a single buyer for its 55% stake. (Michael Rochvarger) Bank of Israel study finds link between shekel depreciation and export growth Just days after it stepped into the foreign currency market is a big way to stem the dollar’s loss against the shekel, the Bank of Israel said it would be issuing a study showing intervention works to boost exports. The study found that each 1% depreciation in the value of the shekel led to a rise of between 0.3% and 0.6% in exports after a time lag of two years. It said the lag was probably due to companies’ contractual commitments and currency hedging measures they typically make. The biggest beneficiary is industry, which gets an 0.8% boost, while for services, including tourism, the effect is more modest. The study, which will appear in the Bank of Israel’s annual report to be released Wednesday, said the loss of export markets by Israeli companies from a strong shekel would be hard to win back when the currency weakened because of the costs involved from a company trying to reestablish itself after a hiatus. (Moti Bassok)  Banks, insurers push Tel Aviv shares lower Tel Aviv shares ended lower on Sunday, pulled down by financial shares. The blue chip TA-35 index ended down more than 1% to 1,401.54, while the TA-125 lost nearly 0.8% to 1,256.50, on turnover of 665 million shekels ($$183 million). Phoenix led insurers lower, falling 3.45% to 14.54 shekels. Migdal was down 2.4% at 3.63, and Clal Insurance lost 1.8% to 58.91. Among banks, Israel Discount fell 1.6% to 7.97 and Mizrahi Tefahot 1.1% to 62.37. Elbit Systems dropped 1.9% to 408.50. Leading the day’s gainers, Mazor Robotics jumped 12.8% to 50.58, catching up on its Wall Street price, even though the company issued no announcement to explain the jump. Israel Electric Corporation raised 1.6 billion shekels over the weekend in the institutional tranche, 600 million more than it had slated amid strong demands. Avgol raised 197 million in bonds from institutions. Delek Group moved closer to buying Ithaca Energy over the weekend. (Shelly Appelberg) TheMarker TheMarker Send me email alerts for new articles by TheMarker Send Close Email * Please enter your email TheMarker For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by TheMarker Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Does the Political Scientist Who Foresaw the Trump Era Still Believe in Democracy's Future? The Jewish Voice at the Heart of the Boycott Israel Movement 50 Shades of Benjamin Netanyahu's Gray-ish Hair U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns By Gili Cohen11 hours ago 3 comments 3 Israeli Air Force Holds Joint Exercise With United Arab Emirates, U.S. and Italy By Gili Cohen5 hours ago Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor By Chemi Shalev5 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Smurfette Latest Victim of Israel's ultra-Orthodox Modesty Wars By Nirit Anderman4 hours ago 1 comments 1 U.S. Jewish Leaders Have Been Quietly Warning Israel Against Trump Promoted content Russian State Bank Confirms Jared Kushner Met Its Executives By Reuters10 hours ago Questioned About Backing BDS? It’s Illegal, and Israel Police Know It By Talia Sasson9 hours ago This is a primium article Nikki Haley: The Days of Israel Bashing at UN Are Over By JTA20 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Security & Aviation Hamas Faces Dilemma After Accusing Israel of Killing Top Militant in Gaza Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Assassins of Top Hamas Militant Arrived by Sea, Gaza Reports Say Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says skip - Subscribe element skip - Read Now: U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests ICYMI Scroll back Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor Auschwitz Shuts Down After Nude Protesters Slaughter Sheep, Chain Selves to Gate Mossad Turned French Spies Into Double Agents After Joint Syria Op Flynn May Have Turned on Trump, Becomes FBI Informant, CNN Analyst Suggests This Canadian Model Is a Comedy Sensation in Israel Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says This Israeli Anchorwoman Is Terrifying Netanyahu Report: Israel Is Eighth Most Powerful Country in the World Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Vice Co-founder Lists the '10 Things He Hates the Most About Jews' Mark Twain's Trumpian Book on the Holy Land Elite Nazi-allied Order: Trump Adviser Is Sworn Member I Arrive in Israel on March 21. Arrest Me Explained: What Just Happened Between Turkey and the Netherlands Secret Doc Reveals Israel Expelled Gazans After Six-Day War Next War With Lebanon Must Hit Civilians Where It Hurts, Bennett Says Richard Gere to Haaretz: The Occupation Is Indefensible Children Find a Treasure in Holocaust Survivors' Suitcase Locked for Decades Crusader Shipwreck, Gold Found by Diving Archaeologists in Israel Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - new Analytics skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Schneider National Announces Potential Pricing for IPO By Chris Lange March 24, 2017 11:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Schneider National has filed an amended S1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). The company expects to price its 28.95 million shares in the range of $18 to $20 per share, with an overallotment option for an additional 4.34 million shares. At the maximum price the entire offering is valued up to $665.78 million. The company intends to list its stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SNDR. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, UBS Investment, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Baird and Wolfe Capital Markets. This is a leading transportation and logistics services company that provides a broad portfolio of premier truckload, intermodal and logistics solutions and operating one of the largest for-hire trucking fleets in North America. The firm believes that it has developed a differentiated business model that is difficult to replicate due to its scale, breadth of complementary service offerings and proprietary technology platform. The highly flexible and balanced business combines asset-based truckload services with asset-light intermodal and non-asset logistics offerings, enabling the company to serve its customers’ diverse transportation needs. Since its founding in 1935, management believes that it has become an iconic and trusted brand within the transportation industry by adhering to a culture of safety “first and always” and upholding its responsibility to associates, customers and the communities that we serve. Schneider is the second largest truckload company in North America by revenue, one of the largest intermodal transportation providers in North America by revenue and an industry leader in specialty equipment services and e-commerce fulfillment. In the filing, the company said: Our portfolio consists of approximately 10,500 company and 2,850 owner-operator trucks, 37,900 trailers and 18,100 intermodal containers across North America and approximately 19,300 enterprise associates. We serve a diverse customer base across multiple industries represented by approximately 16,000 customers, including nearly 200 Fortune 500 companies. Each day, we transit over 8.9 million miles, equivalent to circling the globe approximately 360 times. Our logistics business manages nearly 23,000 qualified carrier relationships and, in 2016, managed approximately $2 billion of third-party freight. Schneider intends to use the proceeds from this offering to repay its debt, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. The company will not receive $230 million in the offering; instead selling shareholders will receive those proceeds. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Can the FCC Stop 2.4 Billion Monthly Robocalls? Sony, Intel, PayPal Among 10 Companies With the Best Reputations in the UK » Read more: Transportation, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Google 'can't guarantee' ad safety News, 27 March 2017 Google "can't guarantee" that ads on YouTube - and other platforms it uses to serve client messages - will not appear against inappropriate content, according to a leading executive from the company. Eric Schmidt – the Chairman of Alphabet, the holding group that houses Google – discussed this issue, which has recently seen major US marketers from AT&T to JPMorgan suspend ads on YouTube, during an interview on Fox Business. "We match ads and the content. But because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn't match," he said. "Because the ads come from everywhere, every once in a while an ad will come in – that someone was trying to sneak it in, if you will – [and] get underneath our rules and violate our terms of service. "So we can't guarantee it, but we can get pretty close." Schmidt outlined some steps the organisation has taken to address this situation. "We've had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time. So I think we're going to be OK," he said. More broadly, the former Google CEO suggested concerns about pairing ads and content – as with fake news – represents a "ranking problem" which requires a certain type of solution. "It should be possible for computers to detect malicious, misleading and incorrect information – and, essentially, have you not see it," he said. "We're not arguing for censorship. We're arguing: just take it off the page. Put it somewhere else. Make it harder to find." Having originated in the UK, the pressure to achieve this aim is rapidly ramping up in the US, where blue-chip marketers like Verizon and Johnson & Johnson have joined the ranks of companies pressing for tighter brand safety measures, along with PepsiCo, Starbucks and Walmart. And Bob Liodice, President/CEO of trade body the Association of National Advertisers (ANA), similarly called for greater protection in this area. "Several" of the ANA's members, he reported, have suspended ads on YouTube and Google websites.  "Their concerns for their brands' well-being is rational, appropriate and warranted. [The] ANA strongly believes that brand safety is of paramount importance to our members. No marketer should ever place its brand at risk," he said. Liodice also linked the debate to wider failings observable across the digital space. "The current crisis is representative of the issues that [the] ANA – and others – have raised with respect to fraud and risk, reduced transparency, sub-optimum measurement and nebulous productivity. A dearth of trust and a need for verification lie at the heart of these problems," he said. According to the Financial Times, GroupM, one of the world's biggest media buyers, is also now demanding premium space on Google properties at a discounted price. Rob Norman, Chief Digital Officer for GroupM, said that "constant dialogue with Google" had included the possibility of reduced rates for premium advertising inventory to offer brands more security and avoid them appearing next to inappropriate YouTube content. An equity research team at Liberum, the investment and brokerage firm, estimates that over 250 advertisers have now pulled their ads from YouTube.   Data sourced from Fox Business, ANA, MediaPost; additional content by Warc staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Vietnamese FMCG brands squeezed out News Newsbrands' context drives profit for advertisers News Global internet adspend to pass TV Opinion Life after adtech? News DDB chief outlines need for speed News Aussie brands join YouTube boycott News Heineken taps neuro for ad testing insight News Coca-Cola shakes up its marketing team View more News and Opinion 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Skip to content Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Petro Global News 24 Home Crude Oil Regulation International Business About – Staff Contact Privacy Policy You are here Home > Business > Clovis Oncology Inc. (CLVS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Clovis Oncology Inc. (CLVS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts March 26, 2017 Darlene McCollum Shares of Clovis Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:CLVS) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the fourteen research firms that are presently covering the stock. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation, five have given a buy recommendation and one has issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $51.67. CLVS has been the topic of several analyst reports. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price objective on Clovis Oncology from $45.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $41.00 price objective on shares of Clovis Oncology in a research note on Monday, October 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $49.00 price objective on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Zacks Investment Research cut Clovis Oncology from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Vetr raised Clovis Oncology from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CLVS. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP acquired a new position in Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth approximately $1,262,000. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. raised its stake in shares of Clovis Oncology by 217.0% in the third quarter. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. now owns 149,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $5,371,000 after buying an additional 102,000 shares during the last quarter. Dai Ichi Life Holdings Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth about $1,079,000. Endurant Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth about $299,000. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the third quarter worth about $433,000. 89.11% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) traded up 1.39% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $59.65. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 755,602 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $45.35 and its 200 day moving average is $31.08. The firm’s market cap is $2.30 billion. Clovis Oncology has a 12-month low of $11.57 and a 12-month high of $61.00. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.70) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.95) by $0.25. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($2.62) EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Clovis Oncology will post ($9.04) earnings per share for the current year. Clovis Oncology Company Profile Clovis Oncology is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing cancer treatments in the United States, Europe and other international markets. Their lead product candidate under active development is rucaparib, which is in advanced clinical development for the treatment of ovarian cancer. Post navigation State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $908,000 Position in Asbury Automotive Group Inc. (ABG) BlackRock Group LTD Boosts Position in Sanderson Farms Inc. (SAFM) Related posts The EXCO Resources Inc (XCO) Insider Brian Gaebe Sells 45,232 Shares of Stock March 28, 2017 Mark Williams EXCO Resources Inc (NYSE:XCO) insider Brian Gaebe sold 45,232 shares of the company’s stock in a... The OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates March 28, 2017 Mark Williams OneSavings Bank PLC (LON: OSB) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings... The Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts March 28, 2017 Mark Williams Shares of Thomson Reuters Corp (TSE:TRI) (NYSE:TRI) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The EXCO Resources Inc (XCO) Insider Brian Gaebe Sells 45,232 Shares of Stock The OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates The Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts The athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts The Analysts Set Exchange Income Co. (EIF) PT at $46.22 The Brokerages Set ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) PT at $92.40 The Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages The Pearson PLC (PSO) Now Covered by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC The Morgan Stanley (MS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Compass Point The Bruker Co. (BRKR) Downgraded by Janney Montgomery Scott The KeyCorp Comments on Perry Ellis International, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PERY) The BRP Inc (DOO) Given a C$38.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts The BRP Inc (DOO) PT Raised to C$34.00 at CIBC The Rogers Co. (ROG) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages The Strongco Corp (SQP) Given a C$1.40 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. The Peregrine Metals Ltd. (PGM) Given a C$1.00 Price Target by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts The Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) SVP Lorelei Mcglynn Sells 9,300 Shares of Stock The Mast Therapeutics Inc (MSTX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages The Tullow Oil Plc (TUWOY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages The Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts The Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Receives Buy Rating from Guggenheim The EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Given a $28.00 Price Target at Craig Hallum The Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts The Tech Data Corp (TECD) SVP Jeffrey Louis Taylor Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock The Brokerages Set American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) Price Target at $50.60 The Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) Receives $93.46 Consensus Target Price from Analysts The Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Acquires 4,300 Shares The Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts The Bankwell Financial Group Inc (BWFG) CFO Penko Krassimir Ivanov Buys 390 Shares of Stock The Analysts Set OceanaGold Co. (OGC) Price Target at $5.78 © All Right Reserved
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The Best Rewards Credit Cards for People on a Tight Budget Credit.com Sean Bryant 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 5 Fumbles That Can Seriously Mess With Your Credit Feeling Charitable? These 5 Credit Cards Make Giving Easy © Credit.com Blog rewards-credit-cards Everywhere you look, there are credit cards offering huge signup bonuses. Unfortunately, those cards almost always require a large initial spend. If you are on a limited budget, spending $4,000 or more over a three month period might not be an option. But that doesn't mean there isn't a reward card for you. There are plenty of cards available that are perfect for low spenders. Here are five of our favorites. © Frank Franklin II/AP Photo Chase Freedom One of the best reward cards available right now is the Chase Freedom card. For anyone with low monthly expenses, this might be the perfect fit. You will have the chance to earn a $150 signup bonus, and you only need to spend $500 in the first three months. That should be doable for many people. Plus, if you add an authorized user, you will earn an additional $25 after they make a purchase in the same three-month period. This card can really make a difference in your ability to earn bonus rewards. Each quarter there is a rotating set of categories, allowing you to earn 5% cash back. One quarter it might be restaurants and department stores, the next quarter it might be home improvement stores and ground transportation. Even if you don't spend much, 5% can make your rewards add up quick. One thing to keep in mind is that there is a limit of $1,500 within the 5% categories each quarter. All other purchases will earn 1% back. As an added bonus, this card comes with an introductory 0% APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers. Once the introductory period is over, the APR will change to a variable 15.49% to 24.24%, depending on your creditworthiness when you apply. This card has no annual fee. Sponsored: Looking for a new cash rewards card? See the selection at the MSN Credit Card Marketplace. © Elise Amendola/AP Photo Blue Cash Everyday Card From American Express Even with a small budget, there is a good chance a large portion of that goes toward groceries. If so, then the Blue Cash Everyday card from American Express could be a great fit for you. You will earn 3% cash back on the first $6,000 spent each year at grocery stores. You will also receive 2% cash back at gas stations and department stores. Any other purchase you make with the card will earn 1% back. With the Blue Cash Everyday card, you will receive a $100 signup bonus after spending $1,000 in the first three months. You will also receive an introductory 0% APR for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers. Once the introductory period has ended, the APR will become a variable 13.49% to 23.49%, based on your credit standing. This card has no annual fee. Sponsored: Have excellent credit? Check out what's available at the MSN Credit Card Marketplace. © Eric Thayer/Bloomberg Citi Double Cash Card The Citi Double Cash Card is perfect for anyone who's looking for a straightforward cash back card. There are no rotating categories or bonus rewards to remember. Every purchase you make will earn 2% back. You will earn the first 1% when you make the purchase. You will then earn a second 1% back after you pay off the purchase. One possible downside to this card is that there isn't a signup bonus. If you are carrying a balance on your current card, then the Citi Double Cash card might be able to save you some money. (Keep in mind you do not earn cash back on balance transfers.) You will receive an introductory 0% APR for 18 months on balance transfers. After the promotional period has ended, the APR will become a variable 13.49% to 23.49%. This card has no annual fee. © iStockphoto/Getty Images US Bank Cash+ Visa Signature Card The US Bank Cash+ Visa Signature Card is perfect for low spenders because it gives you the ability to earn cash back on your own terms. You will be able to receive 5% back on up to $2,000 per quarter from two categories of your own choosing such as cell phone bills, movie theaters and fast food. In addition, you will be able to earn 2% cash back from an everyday spending category like groceries, gas and restaurants. All other purchases will earn 1% back. This card offers 0% introductory APR on balance transfers for the first year. Purchases carry a variable APR of 14.49% to 23.49%, based on your creditworthiness. After that, the purchase APR will apply. This card has no annual fee. © Barclaycard US via facebook Barclaycard CashForward World MasterCard The Barclaycard CashForward World MasterCard is another hassle-free cash back card. With it, you will receive an unlimited 1.5% back on every purchase you make. You will also receive a 5% bonus when you cash out your earnings. This card also comes with an attainable signup bonus: You will receive $100 after spending $500 in the first three months. Just like the other cards on this list, you will not pay an annual fee. This card offers 0% introductory APR on balance transfers for the 15 months. Purchases carry a variable APR of 15.24%, 20.24% or 25.24, based on your creditworthiness. After that, the purchase APR will apply. When you're considering applying for a credit card, make sure you take a look at your credit scores first to see if you need to improve your credit or correct any credit report errors that may be hurting your credit standing. You can compare credit cards of all types at the MSN Credit Card Marketplace. At publishing time, American Express and Barclaycard products are offered through Credit.com product pages, and Credit.com is compensated if our users apply and ultimately sign up for these cards. However, this relationship does not result in any preferential editorial treatment. Note: It's important to remember that interest rates, fees and terms for credit cards, loans and other financial products frequently change. As a result, rates, fees and terms for credit cards, loans and other financial products cited in these articles may have changed since the date of publication. Please be sure to verify current rates, fees and terms with credit card issuers, banks or other financial institutions directly. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Credit.com The Best Credit Card Deals of 2017 Credit.com How to Apply for a Credit Card (& Get Approved) Credit.com Is the Amazon Rewards Visa Card Right for You? Credit.com Credit.com View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Personal Finance | Business Leader Awards Trinidad PM travels to US for talks with oil companies 1:54 PM Tourism Ministry launches Jamaica Blue Mountain Culinary Tour 1:30 PM Alleged Clansman leader Tesha Miller to be deported from Bahamas today 1:09 PM Gov't on track to meet target under the PSBA — EPOC 12:55 PM UDC spearheads J$43-m Red Rose Fish Market rehabilitation 12:37 PM One killed, others injured at wake in Trinidad 12:12 PM Late Nobel Laureate Walcott to be honoured at Caribbean Writers Congress 11:57 AM Samsung to sell refurbished safety-recalled Note 7 phones 11:34 AM Cellphone jammers restored at Tower Street Adult Correctional Centre 11:00 AM FIFA bans Messi for 4 World Cup qualifying games 10:52 AM Anti-doping hearing for Spencer and Hylton this week 10:37 AM Road tour on human trafficking begins today 10:07 AM Dominica Opposition leader slams police for denial to stage march 9:55 AM ONLINE READERS' COMMENT: Phillips unlikely to lead the PNP to victory 9:41 AM R Kelly for this year's Groovin In The Park 9:30 AM Education minister engages tertiary institutions on affirmative action 9:05 AM Portugal airport to be named after Ronaldo 8:52 AM 'Phillips heralds a hopeful future', Patriots welcome new PNP president 8:30 AM Jamaican mother of teen killed by white cop robbed of moral victory — US Congresswoman 8:00 AM Accountant General to be relocated by end of April 7:52 AM Gov't must ensure that all students have access to education — Reid 7:37 AM Mobile Justice Unit busy in April 7:19 AM Grenada to introduce National Health Insurance 9:50 PM Exploding basketball injures Australian woman 9:32 PM MoBay mayor emphasises importance of community preparedness 9:01 PM Business Nadeen Matthews named Young Global Leader Sunday, March 26, 2017     Tweet Nadeen Matthews, Chief Digital and Marketing Officer for the NCB Group, joins the ranks of a noble group of women including Mariame McIntosh Robinson, Imani Duncan Price and Marlene Malahoo Forte to be recognised by the World Economic Forum’s Young Global Leaders (YGL). Matthews has been selected as the sole representative of the English and Spanish-speaking Caribbean in the World Economic Forum’s 2017 cohort of YGL, a high-profile, growing network of bold and action-oriented young leaders from across the world. At 37, Matthews is the youngest female Head of a Division at the largest financial services institution in Jamaica. In her present role, she is leading NCB’s shift to leveraging digital technology to transform and renew how financial services are delivered in Jamaica and the region. She also leads the Group’s Marketing and Communications and Enterprise Information Management functions, and serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the NCB Foundation. A results-oriented, creative Strategy and Marketing executive, the Wharton School graduate has served as Assistant Vice-President at JPMorgan Chase and Senior Associate at the international management consultancy firm McKinsey & Company. She joined NCB in 2010 as Assistant General Manager, Strategy and was promoted to Senior Assistant General Manager, Strategy, Marketing and Communications in just under three years. In November 2015, Matthews was named Chief Digital and Marketing Officer for the Group. Under her tenure NCB has rolled out innovative solutions including Online Account Opening, NCB Quisk (a mobile money solution), and the latest Loan at ABM solution, a first for the English-speaking Caribbean. Matthews adds to the 54 per cent female makeup of the YGL Class of 2017. All of the selected leaders are under 40 years old. “It is an honour and privilege to be selected as a part of the 2017 class of Young Global Leaders. I look forward to collaborating with my peers in the Forum from all over the world and harnessing the valuable educational opportunities this experience provides to serve as a force for good for Jamaica and the broader Caribbean. I also look forward to positively representing Jamaica in this forum with some of the foremost political and business leaders shaping the world today,” she said. According to the Forum, this year’s class of Young Global Leaders gives hope that they are ready to tackle the world’s most complex and pressing challenges. Since inception of YGL in 2004, the Forum has honoured 200 outstanding young leaders yearly from around the world for their professional accomplishments, demonstrated commitment to society and potential to contribute to shaping the future of the world. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES BPO sector boosts employment in the west Fishermen reaping the benefits of fish sanctuary David Smalling, a fast-rising star on Wall Street Change of thought over change of name process Wisynco’s new warehouse nears completion Nadeen Matthews named Young Global Leader UWI Mona making great strides with new PPPs Working towards NZEBs So what is your path to money? Greasing the wheels Venezuela’s latest shortage: gasoline Another reason to flip the off switch: light pollution Caribbean leaders to discuss region’s economic situation at Miami confab Banking groups can buy up to 50 per cent of shares in each other ­— BOJ Naturally Almond milk to be produced by Mussons When second place feels just like first Beet sugar, Brexit threaten cane sugar Develop our intellectual capacity for growth The Caribbean is virgin territory for mobile money — Wehby PHOTO: Shell and Sol ADVERTISEMENT Poll Do you believe Dr Peter Phillips will be a better People's National Party (PNP) president than Portia Simpson Miller? Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → March → 3 Tips for Enhancing Your Firm’s Cybersecurity Readiness 3 Tips for Enhancing Your Firm’s Cybersecurity Readiness March 26, 2017 at 8:00 am by Iris.xyz By Justin Kapahi via Iris.xyz After witnessing massive cybersecurity breaches at companies such as Adobe, Target, Home Depot, Sony, Experian and JPMorgan over the past four years, wealth management firms, like members of many other industries, have ramped up efforts to protect sensitive client information from hackers. I work with financial advisors, family offices, broker-dealers and asset managers across the U.S. to create cybersecurity and IT solutions that meet their business and compliance needs, and based on what I have seen, many wealth managers do have solid cybersecurity measures in place. The problem isn’t that they don’t have a cybersecurity plan—the problem is that not every staff member follows all the steps in the cybersecurity plan, or even knows to do so. This is important, because during SEC regulatory audits, the examiner doesn’t just want to see that you have all the necessary tools to protect sensitive financial information. They also want to make sure you and all your team members actually know how to use them, and regularly test them. Below are three tips on best practices for enhancing your firm’s cybersecurity readiness to protect your clients’ sensitive financial data as the threat of cyber-attacks continues to increase. Click here to read the full story on Iris.xyz. You might also like: S&P 500 Complacency Comes to An End Steel, A Favored Trump Trade, Cools Off Gold ETFs Continue Looking Solid Most ETF Users Are Buy-And-Hold Investors Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Webcast: Factors Also Work for Fixed-Income ETFs March 28, 2017 Smart-Beta Bargain Hunters See a Good Entry Point into U.S. Stock ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Lingering Concerns for Consumer Staples ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities It’s Time to be Patient With Bank ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Europe ETFs Could be Poised to Deliver March 28, 2017 Currency-Hedged S&P 500 Complacency Comes to An End March 28, 2017 ETF Strategists, Slider Steel, A Favored Trump Trade, Cools Off March 28, 2017 Equities, Slider Gold ETFs Continue Looking Solid March 28, 2017 Alts, Slider Webcast: Factors Also Work for Fixed-Income ETFs March 28, 2017 Smart-Beta Bargain Hunters See a Good Entry Point into U.S. Stock ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Lingering Concerns for Consumer Staples ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities It’s Time to be Patient With Bank ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Europe ETFs Could be Poised to Deliver March 28, 2017 Currency-Hedged About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR (CBD) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR (NYSE:CBD) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the six ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. A number of brokerages recently commented on CBD. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/companhia-brasileira-de-distribuicao-adr-cbd-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR (NYSE:CBD) opened at 19.63 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $18.52 and its 200-day moving average is $17.26. Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR has a 12 month low of $11.00 and a 12 month high of $20.10. The firm’s market capitalization is $5.22 billion. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new stake in shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR during the third quarter worth approximately $412,000. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its stake in shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR by 1.8% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 33,889 shares of the company’s stock worth $555,000 after buying an additional 592 shares during the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR during the third quarter worth approximately $435,000. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR by 38.5% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 25,067 shares of the company’s stock worth $411,000 after buying an additional 6,973 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,723,687 shares of the company’s stock worth $28,251,000 after buying an additional 36,114 shares during the last quarter. 4.68% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR Company Profile Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao, directly or through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the retail of food, clothing, home appliances, electronics and other items through its chain of hypermarkets, supermarkets, specialized stores and department stores. The Company’s operating segments include Retail segment, Cash and carry segment, Home appliances segment and E-commerce segment. Receive News & Ratings for Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Brokerages Set Telecom plus PLC (TEP) Price Target at $1,199.17 Next » Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Five Below Inc (FIVE) Cut by Analyst Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sky Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sky Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Receives “Buy” Rating from Barclays PLC Oi SA (OIBRQ) Earns Hold Rating from Barclays PLC Norges Bank Purchases New Position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Position Decreased by Putnam Investments LLC 19,724 Shares in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Acquired by Independent Advisor Alliance Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Bought by Archford Capital Strategies LLC Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Position in American Express Company (AXP) Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $883,000 Position in California Water Service Group (CWT) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $875,000 Stake in Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $862,000 Position in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Has $3,118,000 Position in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) RB Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Position Increased by Lebenthal Asset Management LLC First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Position Reduced by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Position Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Stake Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Acquires 14 Shares of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Position in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 35,814 Shares of Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Brokerages Set Sky Plc (BSY) PT at $1,064.62 March 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Sky Plc (LON:BSY) have been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the sixteen ratings firms that are covering the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, seven have assigned a hold recommendation and eight have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 1,064.62 ($13.15). A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on BSY shares. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 1,000 ($12.35) price target on Sky Plc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Berenberg Bank set a GBX 1,075 ($13.28) target price on Sky Plc and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Sky Plc in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Sky Plc in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a GBX 1,075 ($13.28) target price on Sky Plc and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Brokerages Set Sky Plc (BSY) PT at $1,064.62” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/25/brokerages-set-sky-plc-bsy-pt-at-1064-62.html. About Sky Plc Sky plc is an entertainment and communications company. The Company is engaged in operation of pay television broadcasting and home communications services, including provision of broadband and telephone operations. It operates through three segments: UK and Ireland, which includes activities and operations of the pay television, home communications and adjacent businesses in the United Kingdom and Ireland; Germany and Austria, which includes activities and operations of the pay television and adjacent businesses in Germany and Austria, and Italy, which includes activities and operations of the pay television and adjacent businesses in Italy. Receive News & Ratings for Sky Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sky Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesla Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 38,885 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Director Francis J. Kramer Sells 30,000 Shares Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Director Michael J. Bush Sells 7,426 Shares Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Charles B. Ammann Sells 14,286 Shares Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Scotiabank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tesoro Co. (TSO) Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Brokerages Set Tesla Inc (TSLA) Target Price at $265.87 March 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) have been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the thirty-two analysts that are presently covering the firm. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $265.87. Several research firms have recently weighed in on TSLA. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $215.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Vetr upgraded shares of Tesla from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $244.47 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 30th. FBN Securities set a $260.00 price objective on shares of Tesla and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Tesla in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated an “overweight” rating and set a $305.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) opened at 263.16 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $259.03 and its 200-day moving average is $220.30. The company’s market cap is $42.55 billion. Tesla has a 52 week low of $178.19 and a 52 week high of $287.39. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The electric vehicle producer reported ($0.69) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.43) by $0.26. The firm had revenue of $2.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.21 billion. Tesla had a negative return on equity of 29.17% and a negative net margin of 14.74%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 88.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.87) earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Tesla will post ($1.42) EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Tesla news, Director Kimbal Musk sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $212.90, for a total value of $532,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 166,846 shares in the company, valued at approximately $35,521,513.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Elon Musk purchased 95,420 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 17th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $262.00 per share, with a total value of $25,000,040.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 14,700 shares of company stock valued at $3,610,196. 27.70% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in TSLA. Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new stake in Tesla during the fourth quarter valued at $102,000. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Tesla during the fourth quarter valued at $104,000. Advisory Services Network LLC boosted its stake in Tesla by 14.5% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 489 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 62 shares during the period. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Tesla by 92.9% in the third quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 492 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 237 shares during the period. Finally, Cable Hill Partners LLC boosted its stake in Tesla by 36.1% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 693 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $139,000 after buying an additional 184 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 57.29% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brokerages Set Tesla Inc (TSLA) Target Price at $265.87” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/25/brokerages-set-tesla-inc-tsla-target-price-at-265-87.html. Tesla Company Profile Tesla, Inc, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc, designs, develops, manufactures and sells electric vehicles and energy storage products. The Company produces and sells two electric vehicles: the Model S sedan and the Model X sport utility vehicle (SUV). The Company has delivered over 107,000 Model S vehicles across the world. Receive News & Ratings for Tesla Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Canadian Solar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Canadian Solar Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share, Roth Capital Forecasts (CSIQ) Posted by William Strong on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) – Analysts at Roth Capital lowered their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Canadian Solar in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. Roth Capital analyst P. Shen now expects that the firm will post earnings per share of $0.37 for the quarter, down from their previous forecast of $0.81. Roth Capital currently has a “Hold” rating and a $12.00 price target on the stock. Roth Capital also issued estimates for Canadian Solar’s Q2 2017 earnings at $0.57 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.47 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.53 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $1.93 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $1.77 EPS. A number of other research firms have also issued reports on CSIQ. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “mkt perform” rating and set a $13.00 target price (up from $12.00) on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on Canadian Solar from $16.00 to $14.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Canadian Solar from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Canadian Solar has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.49. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Canadian Solar Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share, Roth Capital Forecasts (CSIQ)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/canadian-solar-inc-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-0-37-per-share-roth-capital-forecasts-csiq.html. Canadian Solar (NASDAQ:CSIQ) opened at 11.15 on Friday. Canadian Solar has a 12-month low of $10.25 and a 12-month high of $19.92. The stock has a market capitalization of $644.22 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 4.65 and a beta of 2.78. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $13.44 and a 200-day moving average of $13.04. Canadian Solar (NASDAQ:CSIQ) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.08. The firm earned $668.40 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $698.57 million. Canadian Solar had a net margin of 4.26% and a return on equity of 15.60%. Canadian Solar’s revenue for the quarter was down 40.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.05 earnings per share. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in Canadian Solar by 7.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 18,931 shares of the company’s stock valued at $230,000 after buying an additional 1,307 shares during the period. Guinness Asset Management Ltd raised its stake in Canadian Solar by 25.6% in the third quarter. Guinness Asset Management Ltd now owns 15,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $209,000 after buying an additional 3,100 shares during the period. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its stake in Canadian Solar by 27.5% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 15,514 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,000 after buying an additional 3,350 shares during the period. KBC Group NV raised its stake in Canadian Solar by 59.1% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 10,289 shares of the company’s stock valued at $141,000 after buying an additional 3,820 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in Canadian Solar by 27.1% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 21,742 shares of the company’s stock valued at $299,000 after buying an additional 4,642 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 36.88% of the company’s stock. About Canadian Solar Canadian Solar Inc is a solar power company. The Company is a provider of solar power products, services and system solutions with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. Its segments include module segment, energy development segment and electricity generation segment. Receive News & Ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share, DA Davidson Forecasts (GOLF) Next » Canadian Solar Inc. Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.21) Per Share (CSIQ) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Canadian Solar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Canadian Solar Inc. Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.21) Per Share (CSIQ) Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) – FBR & Co lowered their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Canadian Solar in a research report issued on Wednesday. FBR & Co analyst C. Driscoll now expects that the brokerage will post earnings per share of ($0.21) for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.20. FBR & Co currently has a “Mkt Perform” rating and a $13.00 target price on the stock. FBR & Co also issued estimates for Canadian Solar’s Q2 2017 earnings at $0.25 EPS and Q3 2017 earnings at $0.76 EPS. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Canadian Solar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Roth Capital set a $12.00 price objective on shares of Canadian Solar and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Canadian Solar from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $15.36 to $16.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Guggenheim restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Canadian Solar in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.49. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/canadian-solar-inc-expected-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-0-21-per-share-csiq.html. Shares of Canadian Solar (NASDAQ:CSIQ) opened at 11.15 on Friday. Canadian Solar has a 1-year low of $10.25 and a 1-year high of $19.92. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $13.44 and its 200 day moving average is $13.04. The firm has a market capitalization of $644.22 million, a PE ratio of 4.65 and a beta of 2.78. Canadian Solar (NASDAQ:CSIQ) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.08. Canadian Solar had a return on equity of 15.60% and a net margin of 4.26%. The firm had revenue of $668.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $698.57 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.05 earnings per share. Canadian Solar’s revenue for the quarter was down 40.3% on a year-over-year basis. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CSIQ. Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. acquired a new position in Canadian Solar during the fourth quarter valued at $112,000. KBC Group NV boosted its position in Canadian Solar by 59.1% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 10,289 shares of the company’s stock valued at $141,000 after buying an additional 3,820 shares during the period. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Canadian Solar by 27.5% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 15,514 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,000 after buying an additional 3,350 shares during the period. Guinness Asset Management Ltd boosted its position in Canadian Solar by 25.6% in the third quarter. Guinness Asset Management Ltd now owns 15,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $209,000 after buying an additional 3,100 shares during the period. Finally, Creative Planning boosted its position in Canadian Solar by 198.3% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 16,591 shares of the company’s stock valued at $228,000 after buying an additional 11,030 shares during the period. 36.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Canadian Solar Company Profile Canadian Solar Inc is a solar power company. The Company is a provider of solar power products, services and system solutions with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. Its segments include module segment, energy development segment and electricity generation segment. Receive News & Ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Canadian Solar Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share, Roth Capital Forecasts (CSIQ) Next » Brokerages Set Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Target Price at $79.82 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Quantum Minerals Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Quantum Minerals Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Receives “Buy” Rating from Barclays PLC Oi SA (OIBRQ) Earns Hold Rating from Barclays PLC Norges Bank Purchases New Position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Position Decreased by Putnam Investments LLC 19,724 Shares in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Acquired by Independent Advisor Alliance Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Bought by Archford Capital Strategies LLC Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Position in American Express Company (AXP) Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $883,000 Position in California Water Service Group (CWT) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $875,000 Stake in Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $862,000 Position in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Has $3,118,000 Position in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) RB Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Position Increased by Lebenthal Asset Management LLC First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Position Reduced by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Position Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Stake Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Acquires 14 Shares of Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Position in ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 35,814 Shares of Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Brokerages Set First Quantum Minerals Limited (FM) Price Target at $15.91 March 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of First Quantum Minerals Limited (TSE:FM) have earned an average rating of “Buy” from the nineteen ratings firms that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is C$15.91. FM has been the topic of a number of research reports. Berenberg Bank reduced their target price on shares of First Quantum Minerals Limited from C$11.00 to C$8.25 in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of First Quantum Minerals Limited from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price objective for the company from C$8.00 to C$16.50 in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Canaccord Genuity increased their price objective on shares of First Quantum Minerals Limited from C$14.50 to C$20.00 in a research note on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of First Quantum Minerals Limited from C$6.70 to C$9.50 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a C$20.00 price objective on shares of First Quantum Minerals Limited and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. First Quantum Minerals Limited (TSE:FM) opened at 13.63 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is $9.31 billion. First Quantum Minerals Limited has a one year low of $5.38 and a one year high of $17.55. The company has a 50-day moving average of $14.85 and a 200-day moving average of $13.85. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 8th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.005 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 12th. This represents a $0.02 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.15%. WARNING: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/25/brokerages-set-first-quantum-minerals-limited-fm-price-target-at-15-91.html. First Quantum Minerals Limited Company Profile First Quantum Minerals Ltd. is engaged in the production of copper, nickel, gold, zinc and acid, and related activities, including exploration and development. The Company’s segments include individual mine development projects or mine operations and the Corporate & other segment. The Corporate & other segment is responsible for the evaluation and acquisition of mineral properties, regulatory reporting, treasury and finance and corporate administration. Receive News & Ratings for First Quantum Minerals Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Quantum Minerals Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cimarex Energy Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cimarex Energy Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Power Co. of Canada (POW) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HealthStream, Inc. (HSTM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) PT at $145.28 March 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC) have earned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty-four analysts that are currently covering the stock. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $145.28. XEC has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC raised Cimarex Energy from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $131.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut Cimarex Energy from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on Cimarex Energy from $155.00 to $170.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $150.00 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. In other Cimarex Energy news, CEO Thomas E. Jorden sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $137.57, for a total transaction of $343,925.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director L Paul Teague sold 815 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $122.85, for a total value of $100,122.75. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 45,432 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,581,321.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 16,735 shares of company stock valued at $2,164,564. 2.00% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. MU Investments Co. Ltd. acquired a new stake in Cimarex Energy during the third quarter valued at about $144,000. Solaris Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Cimarex Energy by 62.9% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 12,250 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,646,000 after buying an additional 4,730 shares during the period. Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX boosted its stake in Cimarex Energy by 11.6% in the third quarter. Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX now owns 3,358 shares of the company’s stock valued at $451,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the period. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. boosted its stake in Cimarex Energy by 6.6% in the third quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 2,212 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,000 after buying an additional 136 shares during the period. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Cimarex Energy by 33.7% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 110,553 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,855,000 after buying an additional 27,850 shares during the period. 92.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/25/brokerages-set-cimarex-energy-co-xec-pt-at-145-28.html. Cimarex Energy (NYSE:XEC) opened at 116.65 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $125.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $131.88. Cimarex Energy has a 12-month low of $93.00 and a 12-month high of $146.96. The stock’s market cap is $10.89 billion. Cimarex Energy (NYSE:XEC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.55 by $0.05. Cimarex Energy had a negative return on equity of 0.59% and a negative net margin of 92.69%. On average, equities analysts expect that Cimarex Energy will post $4.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.08 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.27%. Cimarex Energy’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -2.70%. Cimarex Energy Company Profile Cimarex Energy Co is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company’s segment is exploration and production. Its operations are located mainly in Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico. Its operations are focused in approximately two main areas, such as the Permian Basin and the Mid-Continent region. Receive News & Ratings for Cimarex Energy Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cimarex Energy Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Investor takes aim at big banks' gender pay gap The Washington Post | Saturday, March 25, 2017, 7:27 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Last year, the investor Arjuna Capital helped urge seven tech companies to doing something unexpected: Publish the percentage pay gap that exists between their male and female employees and commit to closing it. Now, the woman behind that push is taking aim at another industry known for its male-dominated workplace: The financial sector. Natasha Lamb, managing director of Arjuna Capital, which focuses on sustainable and social impact investing, said Thursday she had filed proposals at six financial companies urging them to prepare a report addressing their goals at reducing the gender pay gap and including the percentage gap between the pay of men and women. The banks and credit card firms targeted are Citigroup, Wells Fargo, American Express, MasterCard, Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase. “It makes no sense to hold America's top tech companies to a high standard on gender pay equity and then pretend that banks should be allowed to discount the issue and operate with no transparency,” Lamb said in a conference call with reporters. Lamb said she was going after the major banks in part because financial services is such a male-dominated industry. In the proposal, she cited data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which shows female financial advisers faced a 61.3 percent pay gap in 2014, the widest of occupations reviewed, as well as a 2016 study from the management consultancy Oliver Wyman showing it will take three decades before women reach 30 percent of the industry's executive committees. Other research cited showed links between risks and rewards for investors in companies that have diverse executive teams. Lamb said she has been in dialogue with all the companies in question, but most of the financial firms have been more opposed to her proposal. “We've seen a night and day difference in the tech and financial worlds,” Lamb said. All but one of the six companies have come out against the proposal, Lamb said; she has not gotten an answer from MasterCard. Among the nine tech companies she worked with last year, only three formally opposed the resolutions in their proxies, one of which was eBay, where an unusually high number of shareholders voted in favor of the proposal and the company said it would share its analysis publicly. Of course, the tech companies revealed nearly nonexistent percentage gaps when analyzing people working in similar jobs, which may have made them more willing to share the information. Those numbers also overlook the industry's position gap: Men and women may earn roughly the same in the same jobs, but men are more frequently in higher-paying roles in both of these industries. Meanwhile, four of the banks — Wells Fargo, Bank of America, American Express and Citigroup -- defended their numbers of female leaders and their pay practices in lengthy sections of their proxy statements. In them, the companies highlighted a range of internal efforts to prevent bias, improve numbers of women and minorities, use third party consultants to check for pay equity, as well as note recognition they've received for diversity and leadership involvement in diversity programs. As a result, Lamb's proposal was described by the companies as unnecessary. More Business Waze gets into the order-ahead business with Dunkin' Donuts Stocks sink early on Washington worries before paring losses Highmark names chief medical officer Drillers: Permit limbo hurts Pennsylvania's competitiveness Trump's Treasury secretary: Job loss to robots 'not even on our radar' TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Hempfield Area grad to join WTAE-TV Harbaugh, Lewis not fooled by Roethlisberger retirement talk Sheary returns to practice for Penguins Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Glasnow, canine medic and a cold shower (March 20-26) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Mar 28, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Work The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Codes of conduct are corporate weapons that can backfire Labyrinthine codes of conduct are part PR exercises, part excuses for firing violators Mon, Mar 27, 2017, 05:40 Updated: Mon, Mar 27, 2017, 08:21 Lucy Kellaway “Charlotte Hogg, who helped write the Bank of England’s code, still managed to get tripped up by it and this month had to resign as deputy governor.” Photograph: AFP/Getty Images         I am in breach of my employer’s code of conduct. I have broken it in not one but in four ways, one of which involved barefaced lying. The normal thing would be to keep quiet about this, but I am choosing to shop myself, partly because I have reason to believe I am in good company but also because the real wrongdoing was not done by me, but by the codes themselves – which breach the principles of common sense, human motivation, and snappy writing. Codes of conduct are scary things. Charlotte Hogg, who helped write the Bank of England’s code, and is also an adviser to my charity, still managed to get tripped up by it and this month had to resign as deputy governor. Seeing what happened to her, I decided to do something I had never done before: settle down to read my own. The first thing the Financial Times’s corporate code of conduct demands is that employees “act in a professional, honest and ethical manner” – which is fine, if a little general. But by the second bullet point I had already come a cropper: “Be familiar with the information contained in this code,” it orders. In my defence I have tried to read it on various occasions in past years but I am a slow reader and nine pages of dull text is a bit much. This does not make me an outlier. It makes me just like most humans, who are not naturally drawn to the small print on health-and-safety policies. Sheepish In the past week I have asked everyone I have met if they have read their employers’ codes of conduct. The majority either said no or looked sheepish and said they had skimmed it. Some claimed to have read theirs, but when asked what it contained could do no better than: “Oh, you know: the usual stuff.” ADVERTISEMENT This means every year, millions of wage slaves – including me – commit another violation and perjure themselves by ticking a box claiming to have read, understood and committed to complying with the code, when they have done nothing of the sort. The next breach concerns my obligation to report any colleague who is not following the code. I know for a fact that a certain FT journalist has not read it properly either, in which case I am again at fault for not shopping him. But to grass up a person for something so tiny would interfere with my own ethical principle of not sneaking on a friend, especially one who is a fine, upstanding journalist. So what should I do? On this, as on every tricky, real-life dilemma, a code of conduct is of no help at all. As for the rest of the code, it is perfectly sensible in a general sort of way. Alas I fear the state of my desk may not be 100 per cent compliant with fire regulations, and I see I have an obligation “to read, understand and abide by our Treasury Policy, Travel and Expenses Policy and Data Retention and Destruction Policy” – which saps the spirits no end. Yet by comparison to most other codes, the FT’s is a work of brevity and precision. At my alma mater, JPMorgan, the new code runs to 50 pages, beginning with a picture of Jamie Dimon smiling angelically and staring into the middle distance. There are further pictures of happy women and black people, as well as one of employees throwing buckets of water over each others’ heads. How the last relates to the commandment that all JPMorgan staff treat each other with dignity, it does not say. Vague waffle The report is an interminable mish-mash of important things and trivial ones – of strict regulations on money laundering and vague waffle about being a good global citizen. Which is nonsensical in a code of conduct. What does it mean? And what business is it of the bank’s? I would rather a code that came without the pictures, the values and the cloying letter from the chief executive, but with a simple list of clear commandments. A reasonable start might be: don’t do anything illegal. Don’t do anything that fails the Private Eye test – would it look ugly if published in the satirical magazine? Don’t do anything that you would be ashamed to tell your colleagues about. The trouble with this is that it misses what a code of conduct is really for – part PR exercise, part excuse for firing anyone who a manager deems to have violated it. Sometimes, as the Bank of England has found out, the trap catches the wrong person. – (Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017)       Topics: Work Charlotte Hogg Jamie Dimon Read More Awareness of inherent bias will help avoid bad business decisions Don’t fear the robots: AI could lead to higher value jobs WRC secures €1.5 million in unpaid wages for workers How to make a bad boss work for you Banks say SMEs get good service – not so say firms who feel abandoned Lucy Kellaway: Workplace and toddlers will never mix Lucy Kellaway: Encouraging unreachable goals is downright irresponsible Lucy Kellaway: Why do we tolerate Buffett’s lame, sexist ‘jokes’? Lucy Kellaway: Death can revive your career  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Codes of conduct are corporate weapons that can backfire Women urged to start careers in mechanical professions Republic one of worst states in Europe for maternity leave Three rules to managing top talent Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Manager settles case over disciplinary proceedings by Ulster Bank 20:10 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain 20:00 IPO could reveal Saudi Aramco market value at $1 trillion-plus 19:56 John Hourican opts to stay at Bank of Cyprus until 2019 19:47 Regulator makes concession on radio advertising ‘red tape’ 19:45 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain 2 Dublin advertising director sentenced to two years over tax 3 Brexit: Lloyd’s may have ruled out Dublin 4 What would happen if interest rates went up by 3%? 5 France backs special status for Ireland over Brexit 6 Free dental visits for the first time for self-employed 7 Manager settles case over disciplinary proceedings by Ulster Bank 8 Mortgage approvals rocket, putting pressure on supply of homes 9 Want to solve income inequality? Simple: pay workers more 10 John Hourican opts to stay at Bank of Cyprus until 2019 Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE A Step Ahead Improve your skills with courses from Irish Times Training Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 28/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Analyst Calls for Exponential Upside for Idera Pharmaceuticals By Jon C. Ogg March 25, 2017 10:10 am EDT Print Email Tweet Idera Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: IDRA) is focused on cancer and rare diseases, and it could be a what traders refer to as a three-bagger or four-bagger, if two analysts who made key calls in recent days end up being correct here. As it has a market cap of just about $370 million, investors need to consider that they likely are taking far greater risk in Idera than with established biotech and pharmaceutical companies. Idera’s most recent quarterly announcement of financial results did not seem as full of losses as many other emerging companies. It reported net income of about $800,000 (or $0.01 per share), in part due to a $15 million upfront payment received during the quarter from Vivelix Pharmaceuticals. That was for an outlicensing agreement for TLR 7, 8 and 9 antagonist IMO-9200. Futhermore, Idera ended the most recent quarter with about $109 million in cash and equivalents. Before investors automatically jump on board with the one or two very aggressive analyst calls, some serious considerations and a reality check need to be made. Just because an analyst says that a stock is cheap, has incredible value or is going to see its stock surge. it does not mean that it is an assured outcome. Many analysts sometimes have wrong assumptions. Sometimes their firms may be involved in or seek to be involved in helping these companies raise money. And sometimes there are just unforeseen events inside of a company or an industry (or even the market) that just wreck an upside thesis. Now that you have been warned that Idera’s exponential upside is not an assured outcome, here are some of the calls that drove more interest of late. For the most aggressive analyst call: Idera was started as Market Outperform with an $8 price target at JMP Securities on March 22. This compared with a $2.09 prior closing price. Idera’s shares were indicated up about 20% at $2.50 on Wednesday morning when the call was made. JMP’s Michael King noted that Idera recently has made a strategic pivot into immuno-oncology with its lead IO asset, IMO-2125. He noted that it has exhibited impressive clinical activity in combination with checkpoint inhibition in the setting of anti-PD-1 refractory metastatic melanoma. His note said: We view Idera as a leading oligonucleotide discovery and development company with the capacity for generating novel product candidates using its innovative third-generation antisense and toll-like receptor technology platforms. A company characterized by its strong scientific underpinning, Idera counts as its founding scientist Dr. Sudhir Agrawal, a recognized pioneer in the field of nucleic acid therapeutics. Idera Pharmaceuticals was reiterated as Outperform with a $6 price target at Wedbush Securities back on March 17. The firm’s Robert Driscoll believes that the durable responses in the ongoing Phase 1/2 study of IMO-2125 in PD-1 refractory melanoma patients support Idera’s aggressive development strategy. The firm sees IMO-2125’s MOA and safety profile being well-suited for combination studies, and the firm also sees potential for partnerships around this program. The Wedbush target of $6 was based on a sum-of-the-parts analysis of projected peak revenues for IMO-8400 in dermatomyositis, and IMO-2125 in refractory melanoma, discounted by 40% and 30%, respectively. For a more “conservative” view of Idera: JPMorgan issued a report in March that was still with an Outperform rating. That being said, the firm withdrew an end-of-2017 target of $5 per share and now calculates a fair value range of $3.50 to $4.00 per share. Also in mid-March, after earnings, Piper Jaffray’s Edward Tentoff reiterated his Overweight rating and $4 price target. On Friday, March 24, shares of Idera Pharma closed up 2.5% at $2.48 on Friday, in a 52-week trading range of $1.19 to $3.33. Its market cap was last seen at over $369 million, and its consensus analyst price target from Thomson Reuters was listed as $5.00. Friday’s trading volume of more than 3.1 million shares was also more than double a normal day’s volume. According to Nasdaq, Idera’s short interest at the middle of March was 8.5 million shares. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Ford Sales Expected to Slide Sharply in March Exxon Is Target of Mini-Tender Offer » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, biotech, Value Investing Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 36°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Tuesday, March 28, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Boston Herald Drive with John Sapochetti, Rick Shaffer Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Rev. J. Donald Monan is recalled for love of BC, hockey Chris Villani Thursday, March 23, 2017 Credit: John Wilcox A LIFE WELL LIVED: Pallbearers carry the casket containing the body of the Rev. Donald Monan yesterday outside the Church of St. Ignatius of Loyola. Credit: Courtesy Rev. J. Donald Monan, 24th president and first chancellor of Boston College (BC News photo) prev next         comments Hundreds gathered yesterday to celebrate the life of former Boston College president and chancellor Rev. J. Donald Monan, who passed away last week at the age of 92 and was remembered for his passion for BC and love of hockey. “From a very early age, Don fell in love with hockey, and how proud he was of his BC national champion Eagles,” said the Rev. Joseph O’Keefe during the homily at the Church of St. Ignatius of Loyola in Chestnut Hill. “When I think of Don’s career at BC, I am reminded of a quote attributed to Wayne Gretzky, who said ‘a good hockey player plays where the puck is, a great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.’ Father Monan was a great hockey player.” Monan served as BC’s president from 1972 until 1996. The college’s 24th president, Monan oversaw a period of rapid growth and a rise in athletic standing, including the formation of the Big East, the expansion of Alumni Stadium, and the building of Conte Forum. “He was a visionary,” O’Keefe said. “He saw possibilities no one else saw.” Mourners packed the church as Monan’s casket made its way up the center aisle flanked by Boston College clergy and guided by pallbearers that included longtime BC hockey coach Jerry York and BC senior Chris Calnan, a forward on the hockey team. “He was an athlete, he loved sports, he was a healthy competitor who had this controlled intensity about him,” said Beacon Group Chairman Geoffrey T. Boisi, a BC grad who described Monan as both a friend and mentor. “He knew athletics was an integral part of BC’s culture.” In addition to numerous members of the Boston College community and the Monan family, Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Newton Mayor Setti Warren, and Boston police Commissioner William B. Evans attended the morning Mass. Monan’s great-nephew, Anthony J. Bellia Jr., offered the first eulogy and said his great-uncle was there for his family in matters large and small. “He pushed me around in a little red fire engine when I was a 2-year-old with a broken leg, a small thing,” Bellia said. “He brought comfort and peace to my parents when they had to bury a 7-year-old child with broken hearts, a much bigger thing. “He dropped everything and took my family around Boston after he learned we had ended up in the Callahan Tunnel en route from BC to Plymouth, kind of a medium-sized thing,” Bellia added to laughter. The last words before the casket was brought back up the center aisle to the hymn “We Shall Rise Again” belonged to Monan. Fittingly, they were about hockey and delivered by his longtime friend, Boisi, who quoted from Monan’s speech when he stepped down as BC’s president in 1996. “‘A hockey player is only given a few short minutes of intense activity on the ice and then he yields his place to a new line and skates to the sideline to watch the action,’” Boisi said, quoting Monan. “‘The fact that my time on the ice has been so long has made it more enjoyable. And the best part is that, even if I never score another goal, I will continue to be a member of the team and perhaps enjoy the action more watching from behind the protective glass.’” More On: Boston College Donald Monan Joseph O’Keefe Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: Smirk all you want, but last laugh may be Donald Trump’s Jessica Heslam Heslam: Fatal South End trench collapse haunts worker Kimberly Atkins Atkins: Kennedy, Markey assail strikes on Obama policies Adriana Cohen Cohen: U.S. finally has an adult in charge who will force rogue cities in line Holly Robichaud Robichaud: GOP must regroup after failure to repeal Obamacare Hillary Chabot Chabot: Calls for sanctuary city tags hit blowback Trending Now Grandpa on duty! ‘Papa Steven’ Tyler gives granddaughter Lula Rose her bottle in sweet new snap Reality TV show drops people into the wild for a year, doesn’t tell them show is canceled Punk legend Johnny Rotten supports Trump, Brexit vote 34th President Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower and decorated military general died #HeraldArchive This Day in History… Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 March 2017 by Military News The 5 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors Are you new to investing in stocks that pay dividends? If so, you need to know that not all dividend-paying stocks are created equal. That’s why it is important to be highly selective about which income stocks you choose to buy. In order to point you in the right direction, we asked a team of Fools to highlight a dividend stock that they feel is a great stock for a beginner. Read on to see why they picked AT&T (NYSE: T) , Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) , Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE: BUD) , Mastercard (NYSE: MA) , and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) . Image source: Getty Images. Don’t drop the call from this stock Dan Caplinger (AT&T): Beginning investors do best when they can invest in companies with simple business models, and it’s hard to get simpler than what AT&T does. The company that brought America the telephone is now most popular for its wireless telecommunications network, but the principle of how AT&T makes money is still the same: build up a high-quality communications infrastructure and charge customers a monthly subscription fee for using it. That business model has served AT&T for decades, and it currently is what drives the telecom giant’s 4.6% dividend yield. Moreover, AT&T has an impressive streak of dividend performance, having raised its annual payout each and every year going back 33 consecutive years. Some investors worry that AT&T’s dividend dominance could come to an end. Competition in U.S. wireless telecom is fierce, and some of the company’s rivals are offering services similar to what AT&T has at lower prices. Yet the telecom giant has been down this road before, and one of the things that led to the pioneering of wireless technology was the fact that consumers were no longer satisfied with landline-based local and long-distance calling restrictions. It’s uncertain what the next big innovation in telecom will be, but AT&T has a fighting chance at being the company behind it, and investors can count on the company remaining a viable competitor for years to come. Apple’s not just phoning it in Rich Duprey (Apple): Few companies are so iconically ingrained in the landscape of technological achievements as is Apple, which seems to come to define a niche within its industry as soon as it turns its mind toward it. From its original Macintosh computers to the iPhone, Apple’s innovations have been flipping the industry on its head for years. And all along the way, analysts have doubted its ability to grow. Back in 2006, they questioned where Apple could go since its iPod had saturated the market, only to be shocked and awed by the introduction of the iPhone one year later. They’re saying a lot of the same things today, that with iPhone sales on the decline, there might not be another technological rabbit to pull out of the hat. Yet, although the iPhone does account for almost two-thirds of its total revenues, Apple has far more irons in the fire than it did a decade ago. It is no one-trick pony (or even just two or three tricks). The tech icon is advancing its Apple Pay mobile-payment and digital-wallet service, which, by the way, can be used with your iPhone, iPad, Mac, and even the Apple Watch (yet another of the company’s advancements — in wearables). In particular, the services segment has grown to become Apple’s second largest revenue generator behind the iPhone, accounting for more than $24 billion in total sales last year. Services include not only Apple Pay but also iTunes and its app store, as well as iBooks and Apple Music. While they likely won’t ever reach a percentage of revenue proportional to that of Apple’s tech gadgets, services are likely to hold an increasingly important role in driving the company forward. Because Apple’s cash balance has continued to grow, the company made the decision to start paying a dividend in 2012. The current quarterly payout is $0.57 per share, giving the company a yield of 1.68%. That’s not especially robust, but no laggard either, and investors have every right to be confident it will continue for many years to come. So a dividend stock as integral to the tech industry as is Apple is arguably a basic building block for a well-rounded, growing portfolio. Cheers to a high yield Brian Feroldi  ( Anheuser-Busch InBev ): One smart way for new investors to get started with dividend-paying stocks is to buy shares of a company that sells products they know well. If you’re a beer drinker, the odds are quite good that you are already familiar with several of Anheuser-Busch InBev’s brands. Thanks to the recent acquisition of SABMiller, AB InBev now owns a portfolio of more than 500 beers. This includes 18 brands that generate more than $1 billion in annual sales, such as Stella Artois, Modelo Especial, Corona, Beck’s, and Bud Light. One reason that I think AB InBev is a smart buy right now is that the company is on the verge of driving profit growth through simple cost-cutting. As of the fourth quarter, management believes that it can cut about $2.8 billion in costs out of its business through merger-related synergies. The company has already delivered more than $800 million in cost savings thus far and expects the remainder to be realized over the next few years. Why we wait for those cost savings to be realized, investors can enjoy the company’s generous dividend. At current prices, the company’s yield is just over 3%, which is about 50% higher than the S&P 500 in general. Better yet, the company’s shares have fallen about 20% from their 52-week high over macroeconomic concerns in Brazil . I think the concerns are overblown and they are offering potential shareholders a chance to buy an industry leader at a discount. While AB InBev’s size will likely prevent it from putting up big growth numbers, this company looks poised to dominate the global beer market for decades to come. That makes it a great choice for new dividend investors. It may be No. 2, but it’s a long-term dividend-growth winner Jason Hall  (Mastercard): Mastercard and rival Visa are by far the two dominant companies in electronic-payments processing. Between the two of them, they handle a huge percentage of global credit and debit card transactions, processing payments for millions of merchants in hundreds of countries around the world. And while Visa is easily the much bigger of the two, there is more than enough room for both companies — and others — to ride the trend of electronic-payments growth that’s happening around the world. And make no mistake, there’s a lot of growth set to happen in coming decades. This is because electronic payments, as commonplace as they may be in many developed countries, still make up only a small fraction of global transactions. Two major trends are set to change that. First, mobile technology is changing the way people all over the world interact with one another, and how they pay for things. Both Visa and Mastercard are central to mobile payments, with their processing networks connecting merchants and financial institutions. Second, the global middle class could be 2 billion people bigger than it is today. That’s a lot more consumers who will grow up using digital currency. Combined, these two trends position Mastercard to be a wonderful long-term dividend growth stock. Its current 0.7% yield may not look like much today, but with a couple of decades of market expansion and cash flow growth, those payouts are likely to be much, much bigger. A dividend stock you can learn from Jordan Wathen  ( JPMorgan) : A good stock for beginning investors is one that you can learn from, and that you’ll benefit from following over time. For exposure to the financial world, there are few better than JPMorgan . Jamie Dimon has served as CEO of JPMorgan ever since it purchased Bank One in 2004, and he’s used his position to explain to the world what makes a great bank in his annual letter to shareholders. Never one to spare the details, he pens annual letters that frequently top 40 or even 50 pages, and explain in detail how he thinks about JPMorgan’s role in the financial world. They also cover topics like projections and predictions about the future of the economy and banking. With its hands in everything from consumer banking and credit card processing to corporate lending and investment banking, JPMorgan is a good way for investors to get introduced to every facet of the financial world. It’s worth owning a small stake just to get your hands on each year’s annual letter. Consider it an educational investment that pays a quarterly dividend, too. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Brian Feroldi owns shares of Apple, Mastercard, and Visa. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Apple. Jason Hall owns shares of Apple and Mastercard. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, Apple, Mastercard, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, Economy, fire, general, Industry, major, Markets, Music, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 Mistakes Borrowers Make When Taking Out a Loan Next PostNext The Next State to Legalize Medical Marijuana Could Be…Nebraska? Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The 5 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors Here's why our team of contributors thinks that these five stocks are ideal choices for novice investors. Brian Feroldi, Dan Caplinger, Rich Duprey, Jason Hall, and Jordan Wathen (TMFTypeoh) Mar 26, 2017 at 10:45AM Are you new to investing in stocks that pay dividends? If so, you need to know that not all dividend-paying stocks are created equal. That's why it is important to be highly selective about which income stocks you choose to buy. In order to point you in the right direction, we asked a team of Fools to highlight a dividend stock that they feel is a great stock for a beginner. Read on to see why they picked AT&T (NYSE:T), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE:BUD), Mastercard (NYSE:MA), and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM). Image source: Getty Images. Don't drop the call from this stock Dan Caplinger (AT&T): Beginning investors do best when they can invest in companies with simple business models, and it's hard to get simpler than what AT&T does. The company that brought America the telephone is now most popular for its wireless telecommunications network, but the principle of how AT&T makes money is still the same: build up a high-quality communications infrastructure and charge customers a monthly subscription fee for using it. That business model has served AT&T for decades, and it currently is what drives the telecom giant's 4.6% dividend yield. Moreover, AT&T has an impressive streak of dividend performance, having raised its annual payout each and every year going back 33 consecutive years. Some investors worry that AT&T's dividend dominance could come to an end. Competition in U.S. wireless telecom is fierce, and some of the company's rivals are offering services similar to what AT&T has at lower prices. Yet the telecom giant has been down this road before, and one of the things that led to the pioneering of wireless technology was the fact that consumers were no longer satisfied with landline-based local and long-distance calling restrictions. It's uncertain what the next big innovation in telecom will be, but AT&T has a fighting chance at being the company behind it, and investors can count on the company remaining a viable competitor for years to come. Apple's not just phoning it in Rich Duprey (Apple): Few companies are so iconically ingrained in the landscape of technological achievements as is Apple, which seems to come to define a niche within its industry as soon as it turns its mind toward it. From its original Macintosh computers to the iPhone, Apple's innovations have been flipping the industry on its head for years. And all along the way, analysts have doubted its ability to grow. Back in 2006, they questioned where Apple could go since its iPod had saturated the market, only to be shocked and awed by the introduction of the iPhone one year later. They're saying a lot of the same things today, that with iPhone sales on the decline, there might not be another technological rabbit to pull out of the hat. Yet, although the iPhone does account for almost two-thirds of its total revenues, Apple has far more irons in the fire than it did a decade ago. It is no one-trick pony (or even just two or three tricks). The tech icon is advancing its Apple Pay mobile-payment and digital-wallet service, which, by the way, can be used with your iPhone, iPad, Mac, and even the Apple Watch (yet another of the company's advancements -- in wearables). In particular, the services segment has grown to become Apple's second largest revenue generator behind the iPhone, accounting for more than $24 billion in total sales last year. Services include not only Apple Pay but also iTunes and its app store, as well as iBooks and Apple Music. While they likely won't ever reach a percentage of revenue proportional to that of Apple's tech gadgets, services are likely to hold an increasingly important role in driving the company forward. Because Apple's cash balance has continued to grow, the company made the decision to start paying a dividend in 2012. The current quarterly payout is $0.57 per share, giving the company a yield of 1.68%. That's not especially robust, but no laggard either, and investors have every right to be confident it will continue for many years to come. So a dividend stock as integral to the tech industry as is Apple is arguably a basic building block for a well-rounded, growing portfolio. Cheers to a high yield Brian Feroldi (Anheuser-Busch InBev): One smart way for new investors to get started with dividend-paying stocks is to buy shares of a company that sells products they know well. If you're a beer drinker, the odds are quite good that you are already familiar with several of Anheuser-Busch InBev's brands. Thanks to the recent acquisition of SABMiller, AB InBev now owns a portfolio of more than 500 beers. This includes 18 brands that generate more than $1 billion in annual sales, such as Stella Artois, Modelo Especial, Corona, Beck's, and Bud Light.  One reason that I think AB InBev is a smart buy right now is that the company is on the verge of driving profit growth through simple cost-cutting. As of the fourth quarter, management believes that it can cut about $2.8 billion in costs out of its business through merger-related synergies. The company has already delivered more than $800 million in cost savings thus far and expects the remainder to be realized over the next few years.  Why we wait for those cost savings to be realized, investors can enjoy the company's generous dividend. At current prices, the company's yield is just over 3%, which is about 50% higher than the S&P 500 in general. Better yet, the company's shares have fallen about 20% from their 52-week high over macroeconomic concerns in Brazil. I think the concerns are overblown and they are offering potential shareholders a chance to buy an industry leader at a discount. While AB InBev's size will likely prevent it from putting up big growth numbers, this company looks poised to dominate the global beer market for decades to come. That makes it a great choice for new dividend investors. It may be No. 2, but it's a long-term dividend-growth winner  Jason Hall (Mastercard): Mastercard and rival Visa are by far the two dominant companies in electronic-payments processing. Between the two of them, they handle a huge percentage of global credit and debit card transactions, processing payments for millions of merchants in hundreds of countries around the world.  And while Visa is easily the much bigger of the two, there is more than enough room for both companies -- and others -- to ride the trend of electronic-payments growth that's happening around the world. And make no mistake, there's a lot of growth set to happen in coming decades. This is because electronic payments, as commonplace as they may be in many developed countries, still make up only a small fraction of global transactions. Two major trends are set to change that. First, mobile technology is changing the way people all over the world interact with one another, and how they pay for things. Both Visa and Mastercard are central to mobile payments, with their processing networks connecting merchants and financial institutions. Second, the global middle class could be 2 billion people bigger than it is today. That's a lot more consumers who will grow up using digital currency.  Combined, these two trends position Mastercard to be a wonderful long-term dividend growth stock. Its current 0.7% yield may not look like much today, but with a couple of decades of market expansion and cash flow growth, those payouts are likely to be much, much bigger.  A dividend stock you can learn from Jordan Wathen (JPMorgan): A good stock for beginning investors is one that you can learn from, and that you'll benefit from following over time. For exposure to the financial world, there are few better than JPMorgan. Jamie Dimon has served as CEO of JPMorgan ever since it purchased Bank One in 2004, and he's used his position to explain to the world what makes a great bank in his annual letter to shareholders. Never one to spare the details, he pens annual letters that frequently top 40 or even 50 pages, and explain in detail how he thinks about JPMorgan's role in the financial world. They also cover topics like projections and predictions about the future of the economy and banking. With its hands in everything from consumer banking and credit card processing to corporate lending and investment banking, JPMorgan is a good way for investors to get introduced to every facet of the financial world. It's worth owning a small stake just to get your hands on each year's annual letter. Consider it an educational investment that pays a quarterly dividend, too.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of Apple, Mastercard, and Visa. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Apple. Jason Hall owns shares of Apple and Mastercard. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, Apple, Mastercard, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi, Dan Caplinger, Rich Duprey, Jason Hall, and Jordan Wathen (TMFTypeoh) Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy the highest quality companies that he can find and then let compounding work its magic. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @brianferoldi Article Info Mar 26, 2017 at 10:45AM Financials Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.94 up $3.06 (2.17%) AT and T NYSE:T $41.57 up $0.08 (0.19%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $88.78 up $1.54 (1.77%) Anheuser-Busch InBev NV NYSE:BUD $111.59 up $0.22 (0.20%) Mastercard NYSE:MA $112.56 up $0.62 (0.55%) Read More Beyond Apple, Here's What Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Is Buying and Selling 3 Stocks Carl Icahn Is Selling The Bull Market Turns 8: These Dow Stocks Led the Way Higher 3 Income Stocks You Don’t Have to Babysit 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in September Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The 5 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $T, $JPM, $BUD, $MA
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Posted by William Strong on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) by 6.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 22,830 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,450 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans owned about 0.05% of Synchronoss Technologies worth $874,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 1.7% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 8,930 shares of the company’s stock valued at $368,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 1.2% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 15,026 shares of the company’s stock valued at $619,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,965 shares of the company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 197 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 16,632 shares of the company’s stock valued at $636,000 after buying an additional 265 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 0.9% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 30,824 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,269,000 after buying an additional 270 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 84.24% of the company’s stock. Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) opened at 25.94 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.14 billion, a PE ratio of 57.64 and a beta of 2.28. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $29.57 and its 200 day moving average price is $38.25. Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. has a one year low of $25.15 and a one year high of $49.94. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $147.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 3.38%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.61 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. will post $2.55 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans” was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-shares-bought-by-thrivent-financial-for-lutherans.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Synchronoss Technologies from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Deutsche Bank AG cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $50.00 to $35.00 in a report on Thursday, February 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price objective on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $46.50. In other Synchronoss Technologies news, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total value of $28,376.25. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 49,093 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,288,691.25. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Robert Garcia sold 1,695 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.66, for a total transaction of $43,493.70. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 77,312 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,983,825.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 113,014 shares of company stock valued at $4,289,781. 11.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc (Synchronoss) offers cloud solutions and software-based activation for mobile carriers, enterprises, retailers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The Company operates in providing cloud solutions and software-based activation for connected devices segment. Its software provides consumer and enterprise solutions for transactions on a range of connected devices across the world’s networks. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNCR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR). Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Next » Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Express Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Position in American Express Company (AXP) March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in shares of American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) by 5.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 26,963 shares of the payment services company’s stock after buying an additional 1,510 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans’ holdings in American Express Company were worth $1,997,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. IFM Investors Pty Ltd acquired a new position in American Express Company during the fourth quarter valued at $763,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new position in American Express Company during the fourth quarter valued at $2,866,000. Empire Life Investments Inc. acquired a new position in American Express Company during the fourth quarter valued at $16,610,000. Capital Guardian Trust Co. raised its position in American Express Company by 23.6% in the fourth quarter. Capital Guardian Trust Co. now owns 1,717 shares of the payment services company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 328 shares during the period. Finally, CAMG Solamere Management LLC acquired a new position in American Express Company during the fourth quarter valued at $411,000. Institutional investors own 81.71% of the company’s stock. American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) opened at 78.20 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $79.17 and its 200 day moving average is $72.23. American Express Company has a 12 month low of $57.15 and a 12 month high of $82.00. The company has a market cap of $70.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.84 and a beta of 1.19. American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The payment services company reported $0.91 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.07. The company earned $8 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.92 billion. American Express Company had a net margin of 16.63% and a return on equity of 33.49%. The business’s revenue was down 4.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.23 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that American Express Company will post $5.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/thrivent-financial-for-lutherans-boosts-position-in-american-express-company-axp.html. Several research analysts have commented on AXP shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of American Express Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $90.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded shares of American Express Company from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $81.00 to $91.00 in a report on Monday, January 30th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $76.00 target price on shares of American Express Company in a report on Friday, January 20th. Pacific Crest reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $75.00 target price on shares of American Express Company in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised their target price on shares of American Express Company from $75.86 to $98.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.98. In related news, Director John Joseph Brennan purchased 4,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of $79.74 per share, with a total value of $318,960.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $318,960. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider L Kevin Cox sold 32,726 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $77.93, for a total value of $2,550,337.18. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 50,463 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,932,581.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 164,306 shares of company stock valued at $12,814,347. 0.78% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About American Express Company American Express Company is a services company. The Company’s principal products and services are charge and credit payment card products, and travel-related services offered to consumers and businesses around the world. The Company’s segments include U.S. Consumer Services (USCS), International Consumer and Network Services (ICNS), Global Commercial Services (GCS) and Global Merchant Services (GMS). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Express Company (NYSE:AXP). Receive News & Ratings for American Express Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Vance Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Vance Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Two Sigma Investments LP Takes Position in Eaton Vance Corp (EV) March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Two Sigma Investments LP acquired a new stake in shares of Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm acquired 24,282 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,017,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Schroder Investment Management Group increased its position in Eaton Vance Corp by 56.8% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 800,635 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,265,000 after buying an additional 289,896 shares in the last quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in Eaton Vance Corp by 15.3% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,015,214 shares of the company’s stock valued at $84,397,000 after buying an additional 267,323 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Eaton Vance Corp by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,424,891 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,792,000 after buying an additional 182,574 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC bought a new position in Eaton Vance Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $7,152,000. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in Eaton Vance Corp by 199.0% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 216,908 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,084,000 after buying an additional 144,362 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 70.25% of the company’s stock. Shares of Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV) opened at 44.35 on Friday. Eaton Vance Corp has a 52 week low of $31.83 and a 52 week high of $47.83. The firm has a market cap of $4.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.63 and a beta of 1.79. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $45.22 and its 200 day moving average is $41.32. Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.53 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.04. Eaton Vance Corp had a return on equity of 38.30% and a net margin of 17.97%. The firm had revenue of $354.95 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $351.22 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.50 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Eaton Vance Corp will post $2.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Two Sigma Investments LP Takes Position in Eaton Vance Corp (EV)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/two-sigma-investments-lp-takes-position-in-eaton-vance-corp-ev.html. EV has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Eaton Vance Corp from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Eaton Vance Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating on shares of Eaton Vance Corp in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $42.00 target price on shares of Eaton Vance Corp in a research note on Friday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Eaton Vance Corp currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $40.20. In other news, insider Frederick S. Marius sold 47,235 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.72, for a total value of $2,017,879.20. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 64,385 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,750,527.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Matthew J. Witkos sold 84,085 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.83, for a total transaction of $3,601,360.55. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 287,773 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,325,317.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 177,213 shares of company stock worth $7,625,223 in the last ninety days. Eaton Vance Corp Company Profile Eaton Vance Corp. is engaged in the business of managing investment funds and providing investment management and advisory services to high-net-worth individuals and institutions. The Company operates as an investment advisor to funds and separate accounts. The Company, through its subsidiaries and other affiliates, manages active equity, income and alternative strategies across a range of investment styles and asset classes, including the United States and global equities, floating-rate bank loans, municipal bonds, global income, high-yield and investment grade bonds. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eaton Vance Corp (NYSE:EV). Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Vance Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Vance Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Cray Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cray Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Cray Inc. (CRAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY) has earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are currently covering the firm. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $35.67. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on CRAY shares. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “top pick” rating and set a $25.00 price target on shares of Cray in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Cray from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Cray from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Shares of Cray (NASDAQ:CRAY) opened at 21.05 on Tuesday. Cray has a 52 week low of $16.10 and a 52 week high of $43.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $20.43 and its 200 day moving average is $20.52. The firm has a market cap of $841.73 million, a P/E ratio of 80.96 and a beta of 1.25. Cray (NASDAQ:CRAY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $1.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.24 by $0.14. Cray had a net margin of 1.69% and a return on equity of 2.64%. The firm had revenue of $346.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $346.79 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.79 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 29.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Cray will post ($0.14) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Cray Inc. (CRAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/cray-inc-cray-given-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Cray by 84.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 988,992 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,281,000 after buying an additional 453,089 shares during the period. NWQ Investment Management Company LLC increased its stake in Cray by 12.7% in the fourth quarter. NWQ Investment Management Company LLC now owns 1,141,672 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,633,000 after buying an additional 128,507 shares during the period. Dorsey & Whitney Trust CO LLC increased its stake in Cray by 11.9% in the third quarter. Dorsey & Whitney Trust CO LLC now owns 71,190 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,676,000 after buying an additional 7,555 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Cray by 206,026.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 441,110 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,383,000 after buying an additional 440,896 shares during the period. Finally, Mairs & Power INC increased its stake in Cray by 7.8% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 3,081,521 shares of the company’s stock valued at $72,539,000 after buying an additional 223,585 shares during the period. 86.32% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Cray Cray Inc is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing the high performance computing (HPC) market, primarily categories of systems known as supercomputers. The Company’s segments include Supercomputing, Storage and Data Management, Maintenance and Support, and Engineering Services and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Cray Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cray Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BAE Systems PLC (BAESY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Next » Enanta Pharmaceuticals Inc (ENTA) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Chevron Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chevron Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts 21,178,220 Shares in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Acquired by Dodge & Cox Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 337,524 Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Norges Bank Takes Position in PTC Inc (PTC) Norges Bank Takes Position in Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $920,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Position Reduced by Putnam Investments LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Reduced by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Raises Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Position Decreased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Purchases New Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Stake in GameStop Corp. (GME) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $665,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $3,762,000 Stake in Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Stake in Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Lowers Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Gamco Investors INC. ET AL decreased its position in shares of Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX) by 5.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 57,505 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,164 shares during the period. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL’s holdings in Chevron were worth $6,768,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of CVX. Solaris Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Chevron by 42.6% in the third quarter. Solaris Asset Management LLC now owns 1,005 shares of the company’s stock worth $103,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. raised its stake in Chevron by 1.5% in the third quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 1,151 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 17 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC purchased a new stake in Chevron during the third quarter worth $130,000. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in Chevron during the fourth quarter worth $131,000. Finally, Fusion Family Wealth LLC purchased a new stake in Chevron during the fourth quarter worth $160,000. 62.50% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX) opened at 107.99 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $110.84 and its 200 day moving average is $109.25. The company’s market capitalization is $204.44 billion. Chevron Co. has a 12 month low of $92.43 and a 12 month high of $119.00. Chevron (NYSE:CVX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.22 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.42. The firm had revenue of $31.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $35.24 billion. Chevron had a negative net margin of 0.43% and a positive return on equity of 1.26%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted ($0.31) earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Chevron Co. will post $4.63 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 16th were given a dividend of $1.08 per share. This represents a $4.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.00%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 14th. Chevron’s payout ratio is -1,600.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in Chevron Co. (CVX)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/26/gamco-investors-inc-et-al-decreases-position-in-chevron-co-cvx.html. CVX has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded shares of Chevron from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Chevron in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Vetr upgraded shares of Chevron from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $102.56 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of Chevron from $141.00 to $147.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Chevron in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company. Chevron currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $119.30. In other Chevron news, insider Pierre R. Breber sold 45,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $111.80, for a total transaction of $5,031,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.40% of the company’s stock. Chevron Company Profile Chevron Corporation (Chevron) manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to the United States and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. The Company operates through two business segments: Upstream and Downstream. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX). Receive News & Ratings for Chevron Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chevron Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Position Increased by Iberiabank Corp Next » Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Sold by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acadia Healthcare Company Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Power Co. of Canada (POW) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HealthStream, Inc. (HSTM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Price Target at $58.40 March 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (NASDAQ:ACHC) has received an average rating of “Buy” from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the firm. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $58.40. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $45.00 price target on shares of Acadia Healthcare Company in a report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research raised Acadia Healthcare Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday. TheStreet raised Acadia Healthcare Company from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Citigroup Inc lifted their price target on Acadia Healthcare Company from $43.00 to $52.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price target (up previously from $45.00) on shares of Acadia Healthcare Company in a report on Monday, February 27th. Shares of Acadia Healthcare Company (NASDAQ:ACHC) opened at 41.93 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $3.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 599.00 and a beta of 0.91. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $41.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.98. Acadia Healthcare Company has a 1-year low of $32.54 and a 1-year high of $65.00. Acadia Healthcare Company (NASDAQ:ACHC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.55 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $702.89 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $708.41 million. Acadia Healthcare Company had a return on equity of 8.91% and a net margin of 0.22%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 41.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.59 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Acadia Healthcare Company will post $2.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, VP Randall P. Goldberg sold 914 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.55, for a total transaction of $39,804.70. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 7,376 shares in the company, valued at $321,224.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 17.20% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Acadia Healthcare Company by 30.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 6,857,782 shares of the company’s stock worth $339,803,000 after buying an additional 1,581,959 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Acadia Healthcare Company by 11.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,958,149 shares of the company’s stock worth $542,976,000 after buying an additional 1,103,621 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Acadia Healthcare Company by 20.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,008,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $297,706,000 after buying an additional 1,008,466 shares in the last quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC bought a new position in Acadia Healthcare Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $32,559,000. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new position in Acadia Healthcare Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $32,124,000. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Analysts Set Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Price Target at $58.40” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/25/analysts-set-acadia-healthcare-company-inc-achc-price-target-at-58-40.html. About Acadia Healthcare Company Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc is a provider of behavioral healthcare services, with operations in the United States and the United Kingdom. The Company focuses on acquiring and developing behavioral healthcare facilities. The Company operates through two segments: U.S. Facilities and U.K. Facilities. Receive News & Ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, March 29, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Innovative fabrics bark up Tokyo fashion tree Story of the UAE at Etihad Museum in Dubai James Corden and the hit show that nearly never was Egypt’s shining hidden gems on the banks of the Nile Healthy food choices for kids AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home World Asia Quality and affordable world class medicine from Bangladesh World Asia Quality and affordable world class medicine from Bangladesh March 26, 2017 172 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Quality and affordable world class medicine from Bangladesh 1 of 7 Bangladesh has a vibrant pharma industry and the country is nearly self-sufficient in pharmaceuticals production with 97% of its demand being met by local manufacturers. At present, this is one of the most technologically advanced sectors in the country employing probably the highest number of white-collar professionals. Since the promulgation of Drug Policy in 1982, the sector has grown from strength to strength and today this has emerged as a potential export sector. Thanks to the private sector for its significant investment in building capabilities — both infrastructure and people — to bring this industry to compete in the global marketplace. Bangladeshi medicines are now being exported to more than 100 countries and leading players are also building their presence in the regulated markets of Europe, US and Australia which are known for strict regulation and highest quality standards. In view of its export potential, pharma has been declared as the thrust sector by the government of Bangladesh with an aim to diversify country’s export portfolio and lower its dependence on readymade garment sector. Pharma has received a lot of attentions in recent times for its huge potential to become a major export-oriented sector. Pharma is largely a knowledge-driven and technology-intensive industry and this requires significant investment in R&D compared to other industries. And its success mostly depends on the intellectual capital where special skill-set is required to deal with every stage of operations. The country has highly competitive workforce and cost of production is among the lowest in the world, which allows us to offer medicines at a much affordable cost. Fortunately for Bangladesh, Drug Policy of 1982 created an opportunity for the local industry to flourish and make it self-reliant whereby local companies increased their share of production from 30% in 1970 to almost 90% today, which translates into tremendous amount of foreign currency savings for the country every year. Bangladesh is the only country among all LDC countries, which has a well-developed pharma industry that, over time, could successfully make the transition from being an import dependent to exporting one. Pharma market in Bangladesh is currently valued at more than $2 billion and the industry continues to maintain double-digit growth over the years. Rise in per capita income, increase in government expenditure on health, increasing access to healthcare facilities and modern treatment options continue to drive healthy growth in pharma industry. And this is likely to encourage the companies to invest more in R&D and basic research in the future, which will open up new avenues of growth for the industry. There are about 250 pharmaceutical companies in Bangladesh. According to the Directorate General of Drug Administration (DGDA), there are about 23,500 brands of drugs being sold covering more than 1,200 generics. Besides conventional products like tablets, capsules and syrups, Bangladesh is also exporting specialized and differentiated products like metered dose inhalers, sterile ophthalmics, nasal sprays, injectables etc., and they are being used in leading hospitals and institutes around the world. The sector has attracted overseas buyers and it has earned good reputation as a quality drug manufacturer. Leading pharma companies have already secured accreditations from major drug regulatory agencies like US FDA, UKMHRA, EMA, TGA, GCC, ANVISA, Health Canada etc. More and more companies are now getting certified in an effort to expand their overseas presence. Recently leading pharma company Beximco Pharma has launched inhaler products in Kuwait and they have a plan to export medicines to other Gulf countries including KSA. Bangladesh also has the advantage under TRIPS waiver, which allows the LDC country to produce any patented drugs and even export to other LDC countries till 2033. We could utilize the benefits through API Technology Park for producing bulk drugs. Bangladesh is producing a number of APIs on a commercial scale, and working on the new and patented drugs, and meeting the growing demand. The industry has also seen rapid progress in developing biosimilar and vaccine capabilities. Local companies have made major investment in this space and human insulins, vaccines and a number of biosimilar products are now being manufactured locally. Bangladesh Pharma Market: • Emerging generic drug hub in the region • Total market size approx. $2 billion (2016) • Historically good growth maintained (c.>10-15% last few years) • Leading contributor to national exchequer • Registered pharmaceutical companies: 250 • All the top 10 companies are local and they have 70% market share • 5 MNCs in top 20 • Leading companies have major regulatory approvals (US FDA, EU GMP, UK MHRA, TGA, GCC, Health Canada, ANVISA etc.) Why Bangladesh? • Fast growing economy with consistent GDP growth over 6%(7.2% in 2016) • 2nd largest apparel exporter in the world • Goldman Sachs has placed Bangladesh in its “Next 11” countries to watch • Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Merrill Lynch consider Bangladesh to be the next Asian success story • Standard Chartered has included Bangladesh in the prestigious “7% Club“ of economies that may grow by 7% or more for an extended period • Bangladesh is included in the “PWC30” list of high growth economies; projected to be 23rd largest economy by 2050 • Bangladesh ranks No. 1 in HSBC’s Global Trade Confidence Index 2015 • Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Moody’s have adjudged Bangladesh economic outlook as ‘stable’ Bangladesh Pharma Advantages • Pharmaceutical remains one of the most technologically advanced sectors in the country. • Availability of skilled manpower at a highly competitive cost; much cheaper than China and India • Medicine price is among the lowest in the world • Leading companies have been already accredited by major global regulatory authorities • Increasing investment in R&D and creating world class infrastructure • Currently exporting to more than 100 countries including USA, EU and Australia • Proven skills with specialized and difficult to copy drug delivery systems (MDI, DPI, Ophthalmics, Injectables, PFS etc.) • Growing capabilities in vaccines and biosimilars with major investment in facilities • Sound track record of partnership with global MNCs • Drugs worth $100 billion going off patent in the next few years which creates opportunities for Bangladesh to supply generic versions • WTO/TRIPS waiver for pharmaceuticals extended till 2033 Bangladesh pharma industry is moving forward and steps are being taken to further improve its competitiveness which includes strengthening of Drug Regulatory Authority, creating special economic zone (SEZ) for pharma, capacity building in IP/regulatory affairs, promoting industry and academia collaboration etc. The opportunities in generic drugs are increasing day by day with increasing government pressures around the world to cut healthcare costs. The country has tremendous opportunities for pharma export, particularly for value added generics in regulated markets. Patented drugs worth $100 billion are going off patent by the next few years, which open up opportunities for generic manufacturers around the world. Bangladesh is ideally positioned to gain from generic drug opportunities with its cost advantages and skilled manpower. There is huge opportunity in contract manufacturing, drug discovery, clinical trial and custom synthesis. Pharmaceutical contract manufacturing is already a $60 billion dollar business and increasing number of MNCs are looking for outsourcing their production from cost effective destinations like India or China. Having considerable cost advantages in manufacturing, Bangladesh is in a position to offer this service to global clients as the country has a sound track record of partnerships with a number of major multinational companies. TAGS Bangladesh Bangladesh National Day SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleDaesh Next articleLuLu’s 14-day ‘Food Expo 2017’ kicks off today Ajaz Ali RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Blasts kill six as troops battle militants in east Bangladesh Concerted efforts from all imperative to reach our goals Bangladesh is a ‘role model’ of socio-economic development NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter an answer in digits: 2 × 1 = Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,611,742FansLike 43,247FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Saudi Arabia, Jordan sign 15 pacts March 28, 2017 Summit to achieve Arab solidarity March 28, 2017 Kingdom supports US stance against terror, Iran: Assiri March 28, 2017 Amnesty period for violators begins tomorrow March 28, 2017 Kingdom cuts taxes on oil companies March 28, 2017 Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
