Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Dow 30 21,080.28 -2.67 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,210.19 +4.94 (+0.08%) This is the future of investing, and you probably can't afford it Matt Turner Business Insider May 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Big money investors have always sought an edge. Everything from star traders to fast computers to unique analysis can give a big hedge fund an advantage over competitors. The latest battleground is data. Investors are vying for new data sets that their competitors don't have, or haven't thought of using. These can range from the basic credit-card sales information to satellite data that tracks shipping routes, and parsing this kind of data for trading signals has been called "the future of investing." The industry providing this to the funds has sprung up amid an explosion in obtainable data over the past decade. The bad news for the regular investor: the cost of data, and the complexity associated with turning it into investment insights, means it will probably only be available to the biggest and most sophisticated funds.  At JPMorgan's macro quantitative and derivatives conference on May 19, the bank surveyed 237 investors, and asked them about Big Data and Machine Learning. It found that 70% thought that the importance of these tools will gradually grow for all investors. A further 23% said they expected a revolution, with rapid changes to the investment landscape.  Screen Shot 2017 05 26 at 11.23.36 AMMore (JPMorgan) "There was widespread agreement that Big Data and Machine Learning is transforming the investment landscape across different trading frequencies, with more than 80% of participants expecting a reduction in relevance of traditional data sources," JPMorgan said in a note.  To be specific, 52% of investors felt big data was already rendering traditional data sources (like financial statements and economic releases) ineffective. In other words, the quarterly reports that many regular investors rely on are already becoming less relevant.  Screen Shot 2017 05 26 at 12.43.42 PMMore (JPMorgan) The rise of so-called alternative data has created a cottage industry of firms that source, process and consult on various data sources. The market for this data is expected to double in the next five years in the US, from $200 million today to $400 million, according to a recent TABB Group report. More than half (51%) of investors surveyed said they expected to buy semi-processed data, while 29% said they wanted to fully process in-house by consuming raw data.  Respondents to the survey were particularly interested in credit card and transactional data. Investors are able to use anonymous data gleaned from credit card statements, and the rise of online shopping, and the digital receipts we get in our email, is a also boon. That's because emailed receipts are usually itemized, giving investors greater detail into what people are buying. Screen Shot 2017 05 26 at 12.43.54 PMMore (JPMorgan) The biggest impediment? Cost. While a lack of expertise and management buy-in were cited by respondents as challenges, the most frequently cited impediment was high-fixed costs. That finding is striking, given JPMorgan's event attracted big money investors like BlackRock and AQR, with sizeable budgets to spend on the data, expertise and processing power. If they find it expensive, the regular investor has no chance.  NOW WATCH: This is what Bernie Madoff's life is like in prison More From Business Insider Wall Street's workforce is slowly and relentlessly shrinking A definitive breakdown of the gloomy state on Wall Street A consumer-protection rule that had been delayed by Trump is set to go through Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Baristas say that Starbucks is ignoring a huge problem that is impacting sales Business Insider Former CIA Director: 'Now we know' why Trump officials talking to the Russians may have been 'unmasked' Business Insider Jobs and housing — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Samsung’s new Galaxy is a hardware beast Yahoo Finance Video Scaramucci: The hedge fund industry 'sucks less than it did last year' Yahoo Finance 8 dead in shooting rampage in Mississippi; suspect arrested Associated Press Here’s One Credible Reason to Doubt the Russia-Kushner Story The Fiscal Times YouTube thought a giant American flag wasn’t 'advertiser friendly' Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video Stocks mixed as investors gear up for long weekend Yahoo Finance James Cameron: Machines are a more valid threat now than when I made 'Terminator' Yahoo Finance 3 big reasons Under Armour has cooled off Yahoo Finance Merkel: The US is no longer a reliable ally and Europe's destiny is 'in our own hands' Business Insider Cameron: Machines are a more valid threat now than when I made 'Terminator' Yahoo Finance Video How to pick the best college tuition payment plan Yahoo Finance Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Finance Donald Trump Comes Home, Fires Up Twitter, Rips Media & New Normal Resumes adee: Donald how about saluting those who died fighting for this country. After all it's Memorial Day weekend. You can call out the fake media any day as you routinely do Join the Conversation 1 / 5 53
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Were you 'Seen' at the beach this weekend? Mud run gets messy at Bolivar BPD: Can you ID man with rifle that robbed restaurant? Photos: Finger Wrestling is a thing, and there is a new champion US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Another Texas Democrat launches a state Senate filibuster JFK's life, legacy to be celebrated on his centennial Navy parachutist dies during demonstration over Hudson River Brush fire on Los Angeles hillside sparked by weed whacker A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Top Brazilian musicians join in calling for a new president The Latest: Ostlund's "The Square" wins Palme d'Or at Cannes Manager: Allman tried to keep playing music until the end John Travolta donates plane to Australia aviation group cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G baseball falls in first game of regional semifinal Mustangs booted from playoffs, 3 SETX teams remain LU loss triggers uproar, tourney director takes blame Playoff experience helping West Orange-Stark baseball Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 5-27-17 'Toon Time 5-26-17 'Toon Time 5-25-17 'Toon Time 5-24-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/peloton-raises-325-million-2017-5?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals A bunch of cycling enthusiasts just helped Peloton Cycle raise $325 million — betting it could be 'the Apple of fitness' Business Insider, provided by Published 1:10 pm, Sunday, May 28, 2017 Hollis Johnson Peloton, the indoor-fitness company, has raised $325 million from investors including Wellington Management, Fidelity Investments, Kleiner Perkins, and Comcast NBCUniversal. The deal, likely to be the last financing round before the company goes public, was put together by a number of cycling enthusiasts. The company is on a steep-growth curve: It has tripled annual revenue, to $170 million, in just a year, and has 100,000 paying subscribers. Noah Wintroub picked up the phone and cold-called Peloton Cycle founder and CEO John Foley. A vice-chairman at JPMorgan, Wintroub had ordered a Peloton Cycle indoor bike. Convinced that Foley had built a great product, he wanted to get to know the company better. "If you've used the product, you get it, innately," Wintroub told Business Insider. "It's like 'Oh my god, these guys are the Apple of fitness.'" Fast forward 18 months or so, and Peloton Cycle closed a $325 million financing round, with the likes of Wellington Management, Fidelity Investments, Kleiner Perkins, and Comcast NBCUniversal pouring money into the company. JPMorgan was sole placement agent for the offering. Wintroub worked on the deal with another cycling enthusiast, Eric Stein, who is head of North American investment banking at JPMorgan. The Series E financing round valued the company at around $1.25 billion, making it a unicorn. Peloton Cycle is built around indoor cycling from the home. It has 22 showrooms around the country, and two studios — a flagship in Manhattan and a studio in Chicago. Customers can choose from a variety of live classes and archived classes. The bike costs $1,995, and unlimited classes cost $39 a month. Some Business Insider employees have tried the bike. The company is vertically integrated, making its own hardware, producing a tablet computer and the bike it sits on, and software, with 75 software engineers in New York City. It produces 12 hours of live television content a day, and sells through its own retail stores. It also delivers its own bikes in some cities. “Peloton is a cultural phenomenon and has redefined what it means to build a connected experience disrupting multiple industries simultaneously: in home fitness, boutique class fitness and connected media devices," said Jon Callaghan, cofounder of True Ventures, another investor in the firm. The new funds will go towards upping the number of retail stores it has, toward 40 by the end of the year, according to Foley, and extending in-house delivery to 10 markets, up from three right now. It also plans to sign a lease on a 30,000 square foot space in Midtown or Downtown Manhattan in the next few months, and to turn it into a fitness facility. "We believe Peloton is the leader in a new business that has significant potential – Physical Interactive Media,” Mary Meeker, a partner at Kleiner Perkins, said in a statement. The $325 million fundraiser was bigger than expected and included the sale of both primary equity, or new shares, and existing shares. Foley said he didn't expect there to be another placement, but that that didn't mean an initial public offering was on the immediate horizon. "We're very well capitalized to have options over the next several quarters," he told Business Insider. Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: JAMIE DIMON: Trump's economic agenda is the right agenda See Also: The mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has died in a boating accident, and his father is in 'serious' condition Former CIA Director: 'Now we know' why Trump officials talking to the Russians may have been 'unmasked' A bunch of cycling enthusiasts just helped Peloton Cycle raise $325 million — betting it could be 'the Apple of fitness' Top Stories Were you 'Seen' at the beach this weekend? Mud run gets messy at Bolivar BPD: Can you ID man with rifle that robbed restaurant? Legislature moves to change A-F grading system Update: TX school gives 'most likely to become terrorist' awards Local seniors in need fear loss of food aid Officials ID body found in Liberty Co. Tuesday NOAA predicts above normal hurricane season Local News Were you 'Seen' at the beach this weekend? Mud run gets messy at Bolivar Texas gun fees now nation's lowest with new law BPD: Can you ID man with rifle that robbed restaurant? Photos: Finger Wrestling is a thing, and there is a new champion Legislature moves to change A-F grading system Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AstraZeneca plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Earns Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc TheStreet Downgrades BOS Better OnLine Sol (BOSC) to D Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Receives Buy Rating from FBR & Co Cae Inc (CAE) Price Target Raised to C$22.00 American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Computer Modelling Group Ltd. (CMG) Price Target Raised to C$8.00 Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Short Interest Update NetApp’s (NTAP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Incyte Co. (INCY) Lifted to “C” at TheStreet Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Given a $37.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Western Digital Corp (WDC) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Altria Group Inc (MO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given a $195.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets US Capital Advisors Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Fortuna Silver Mines Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (FVI) Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Given a $13.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Monday. AZN has been the subject of several other research reports. Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 5,100 ($66.35) price target on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 6,000 ($78.05) price target on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Berenberg Bank lowered their price target on AstraZeneca plc from GBX 5,500 ($71.55) to GBX 5,450 ($70.90) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 5,500 ($71.55) price target on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Societe Generale reissued a “buy” rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 5,041.80 ($65.59). AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) opened at 5239.1626 on Monday. AstraZeneca plc has a 12-month low of GBX 3,680.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 5,505.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 66.33 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 4,839.40 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 4,584.95. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-astrazeneca-plc-azn.html. AstraZeneca plc Company Profile AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca) is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovery and development of products, which are then manufactured, marketed and sold. The Company focuses on three main therapy areas: Oncology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease (CVMD) and Respiratory, while selectively pursuing therapies in Autoimmunity, Infection and Neuroscience. Receive News & Ratings for AstraZeneca plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports View All Data Research Center Search & Hires RFPs Charts Insights Opinion White Papers Investing/Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center News News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports More News Topics Data Data Research Center Searches & Hires RFPs Infographics Charts Sponsored Research Insights Insights Opinion White Papers Investing / Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center INTERACTIVE Missouri fund scores big securities lending payout By Arleen Jacobius · May 29, 2017 Popular Stories Trump's budget raises PBGC multiemployer premiums, hits federal employee benefits BlueMountain adds director of research Deerfield Management partners snared in probe of leaking consultants Kentucky pension shortfall balloons under convergence of factors — report Upcoming P&I Conferences view more   Upcoming P&I Webinars view more   White Papers The Resurgence of Non-Agency Residential Mortgages and RMBS Mapping the Boundaries Between Education and Advice Under the New Fiduciary Rule Brexit and the Long Term Engagement for Satisfaction: A retirement advisors guide to showing value The Global Credit Cycle: What Inning Are We In? view more   Advertisment About About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About P&I Content Solutions About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise & Media Kit Editorial Calendar Staff Directory Reprints & Permissions Customer Service Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help & User Feedback Contact Us Affiliates Affiliates InvestmentNews Crain’s New York Business Crain’s Chicago Business All Crain Brands Legal Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.   E-mail Newsletters
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Cai Jin Tracking insider trades profitably Goh Eng Yeow Senior Correspondent engyeow@sph.com.sg Published 10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4uFU Copy Look for the tell-tale signs when the bigwigs start buying up their own companies' shares Early last year, as financial stocks worldwide came under heavy selling pressure, the boss of United States banking giant JPMorgan Chase, Mr Jamie Dimon, tried to restore calm by spending more than US$26 million (S$36 million) to buy 500,000 shares in his bank. Even for a banker as wealthy as him, that was a big cheque to write for the purchase - made at prices of between US$53.13 and US$53.30 for each JPMorgan share. With hindsight, the timing of his purchase proved fortuitous. At JPMorgan's Friday close of US$85.36, Mr Dimon is sitting on a tidy paper profit of more than US$16 million just 15 months after his purchase. But that had not been the only time Mr Dimon stepped in to buy JPMorgan shares in a big way to reflect the confidence he felt about the bank that he has run for more than a decade. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up In July 2012, he had bought about US$17 million worth of JPMorgan shares at prices between US$34.01 and US$34.46 apiece shortly after the bank reported a US$4.4 billion hit to quarterly earnings caused by a trading desk in London. At current market prices, that purchase would have given Mr Dimon a paper gain of US$25.6 million. For some investors, the timing of Mr Dimon's purchases offers further proof of the usefulness of closely tracking the trades of corporate insiders in order to make money on their stock portfolio. PHOTO: REUTERS JPMORGAN'S JAMIE DIMON US$26m What he spent on shares in his own firm last year. 500k Number of shares bought. US$16m What he has made in paper profit in just 15 months. There are other examples, besides Mr Dimon, of shrewd insiders who have bought into shares when their prices had been temporarily depressed by a run of bad news. In our own backyard, we have DBS Bank boss Piyush Gupta, who bought 200,000 DBS shares at $13.88 apiece in February last year as his bank's share price sank to a six-year low. That purchase had cost him almost $2.8 million - not a sum to sneeze at as well. As it turns out, that purchase has panned out well too. As the DBS share price recovered strongly, Mr Gupta sold 500,000 shares at an average price of $20.53 apiece on May 3. After the sale, he continues to hold directly and indirectly about 1.12 million DBS shares, according to a filing with the Singapore Exchange. Based on the May 3 average selling price of $20.53, this would mean that he made a profit of $1.33 million on the 200,000 DBS shares he bought on the market last year, before deducting transaction costs. Even tracking the share buybacks made by a company can serve as a "buy" signal for investors as well. Take Genting Singapore, for example. In 2015, the casino operator spent $78.12 million buying back its own shares at between 79 cents and $1.01 apiece as its share price tumbled. Queried about the scale of the share buyback during the company's annual general meeting that year, Genting's chairman Lim Kok Thay argued that the buybacks "send a signal that the company and management know best the value of the business" and urged investors to "take it from there and make their own decisions". Genting's purchases might have been a tad early as its share price continued to languish for another year or so, after it stopped its buybacks. But Genting has rebounded well above the highest price it had paid for its share buyback, as it rose by 55 per cent in the past eight months to $1.165 last Friday. Given these examples, there would appear to be a good case to be made for tracking trades made by insiders, and companies' buyback of shares. ST PHOTO: FELINE LIM DBS' PIYUSH GUPTA $2.8m What he spent buying the bank's shares last February. 200k Number of shares bought. $1.33m What he made after selling the shares on May 3, before costs. Indeed, research seems to support this observation. In a 2015 study on insider trades, researchers Josef Laksonishok and Inmoo Lee in the US noted that one reason why observing insider trades is so fruitful is that senior officers and directors are more knowledgeable about the company's direction than the investing public. What is also interesting is their observation that while purchases by insiders may flag "buy" signals, their sales may not offer a significant "sell" signal. They said: "Insiders have many reasons to sell shares but the main reason to buy shares is to make money. Only insider purchases appear to be useful, while sales are not associated with low returns." As to why insider sales are not as good an indicator, they explained that in recent years, a higher percentage of managers' wealth is tied to their companies' stocks in the form of stock options and performance shares. And that could skew the "sell" signal, as a lot of the selling could be due to the managers diversifying their stock holdings - rather than any corporate-related activities. But the two researchers' most crucial observation is that, while following the lead of insiders can serve as a check on any analysis a person can make on a stock, it should never replace fundamental research. In this respect, one conspicuous example comes to mind - embattled commodities trader Noble Group. When the company came under attack by an anonymous blogger, Iceberg Research, over its accounting practices in early 2015, its founder and then chairman, Mr Richard Elman, had been quick to try to shore up investors' confidence with hefty purchases of Noble shares. Then, between June 2015 and August 2015, the company also spent $137.67 million buying back its own shares. Genting Singapore shares rebounded well above the highest the firm paid for its share buyback, rising 55 per cent in eight months. ST PHOTO: KUA CHEE SIONG GENTING SINGAPORE $78.12m Estimated cost of shares bought back in 2015. 92.17m Number of shares bought back. $107.4m Current estimated value. But even these massive share purchases failed to halt the stampede of investors out of its shares and its share price continued to plummet. So what are we to make of these examples? In hindsight, both JPMorgan and DBS are healthy businesses and what happened early last year was that their shares had been sold off heavily against the backdrop of a wider stock market turmoil. In Noble's case, however, the company was being hobbled by a ferocious downturn in the commodities market just as Iceberg put the spotlight on its accounting practices that, in turn, focused investors' attention on whether the company could service its large debt burden. Therefore, it is important for investors to note that they should not blindly follow insiders in their trades, and not to get carried away by blockbuster insider transactions which may be aimed at catching the market's attention. Having said that, it is still important to track what insiders are doing with their shares. After all, they have access to information not known to the public - and this will, no doubt, have a bearing on when they buy or sell their company's shares. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 29, 2017, with the headline 'Tracking insider trades profitably'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  CAI JIN STOCK MARKET INVESTMENT INSIDER TRADES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uFU Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Shares Sold by Martingale Asset Management L P Martingale Asset Management L P Cuts Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) MITIE Group PLC (MITFY) Receives Average Rating of “Sell” from Analysts DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Progressive Corp (PGR) Position Cut by RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC 39,969 Shares in Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Acquired by Martingale Asset Management L P Great Lakes Advisors LLC Sells 1,051 Shares of Realty Income Corp (O) Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts City Holding Company (CHCO) Stake Raised by Martingale Asset Management L P Martingale Asset Management L P Sells 722 Shares of Edison International (EIX) Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Position Cut by Martingale Asset Management L P Randgold Resources Ltd. (GOLD) Receives $100.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Share Price Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Shares Bought by Martingale Asset Management L P Groesbeck Investment Management Corp NJ Has $523,000 Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Saga Communications (SGA) Share Price Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Receives $86.25 Average Target Price from Brokerages NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Position Held by Groesbeck Investment Management Corp NJ Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) Shares Sold by Martingale Asset Management L P Merus Labs International Inc (MSL) Receives C$1.99 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Martingale Asset Management L P Sells 722 Shares of Edison International (EIX) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Martingale Asset Management L P reduced its stake in Edison International (NYSE:EIX) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 355,027 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 722 shares during the period. Martingale Asset Management L P’s holdings in Edison International were worth $28,265,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in EIX. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Edison International during the fourth quarter valued at $300,299,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Edison International by 14.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 11,220,099 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $810,652,000 after buying an additional 1,403,621 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares during the last quarter. FIL Ltd increased its stake in Edison International by 144.5% in the fourth quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 2,031,339 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $146,236,000 after buying an additional 1,200,526 shares during the last quarter. Finally, RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Edison International by 235.4% in the fourth quarter. RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC now owns 1,690,141 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $122,571,000 after buying an additional 1,186,216 shares during the last quarter. 81.30% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded up 0.01% on Friday, reaching $79.96. 775,774 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $79.63 and a 200-day moving average of $75.39. Edison International has a 12 month low of $67.44 and a 12 month high of $81.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $26.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.94 and a beta of 0.15. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) last posted its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The utilities provider reported $1.10 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.21. Edison International had a net margin of 8.80% and a return on equity of 9.59%. The business had revenue of $2.46 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.71 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.82 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Edison International will post $4.21 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a $0.5425 dividend. This represents a $2.17 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.71%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. Edison International’s payout ratio is 80.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Martingale Asset Management L P Sells 722 Shares of Edison International (EIX)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/martingale-asset-management-l-p-sells-722-shares-of-edison-international-eix.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on EIX shares. Mizuho reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $91.50 target price on shares of Edison International in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on shares of Edison International from $79.00 to $81.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Wolfe Research lowered shares of Edison International from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Edison International from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and issued a $84.00 price target (up from $78.00) on shares of Edison International in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Edison International currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $82.41. In other news, insider Ronald L. Litzinger sold 26,035 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.85, for a total value of $2,052,859.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Vanessa C. L. Chang sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.03, for a total transaction of $197,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 2,500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $197,575. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 32,192 shares of company stock worth $2,542,995. 1.51% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Edison International Edison International is the holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). As of December 31, 2016, SCE, a public utility, was primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. The Company is also the parent company of Edison Energy Group, Inc (Edison Energy Group), a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and distributed solar to commercial and industrial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edison International (NYSE:EIX). Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content Login Subscribe Connect News News Container One This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink News Container Two Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards Awards Container One All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Awards Container Two Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras Extras Container One All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food Economy Extras Container Two Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Container One Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Blog Opinion Container Zero Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Blog Opinion Container One Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic Issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Blog Opinion Container Two . Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events Events Container One All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multemedia Container One Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Login Subscribe Connect Top Stories × Top Stories × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather Forecast for Detroit Change Current Conditions 62 Monday 68/57 F Rain Tuesday 67/57 F Rain Wednesday 68/60 F Rain Thursday 65/56 F Rain Friday 66/54 F Rain May 28, 2017 12:15 am      Updated 23 hours ago Chase advertising campaign promotes city investment By CHAD LIVENGOOD     Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Comments Email Printer-friendly version Philanthropy Advertising Banking Finance Economic Development Marketing More + J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is trying to spread the word about the bank's $150 million investment in Detroit's revitalization in national advertising. Since announcing a $50 million investment increase, the New York-based bank has promoted its philanthropy and investment in newsletters from political websites Axios.com and Politico.com. One ad in Axios AM even featured a picture of Mayor Mike Duggan. A recurring Chase ad in Politico Playbook boasts: "Detroit is a case study for how the private sector can collaborate with government and community leaders to drive change." On Thursday, an ad in the Axios newsletter featured Detroit lettering artist Joseph Alessio, linking to a video of Alessio creating a wall illustration of the bank's investment lending and grants in the city. "The more we can spread that message in and outside of Detroit, the better it is for others who are looking to take some of those lessons from Detroit and apply them to their challenges — or others who are thinking about investing in Detroit," bank spokesman Steve O'Halloran said. Related Links J.P. Morgan Chase to increase Detroit investment by $50 million MICHIGAN MORNING NEWSLETTER Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report This Week's Issue May 29, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Twitter Facebook Linkedin Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News Aviation May 28 2017 Save Print Route to air travel discomfort starts on Wall Street Nelson Schwartz facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More When an unlucky passenger was violently dragged off a full United Airlines flight in Chicago in April, setting off a public-relations nightmare for the company, the blame naturally fell on the cabin crew, police and eventually airline executives. But ultimately, the episode was set in motion elsewhere – on Wall Street. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The pressure on United, American and other giants is only going to increase with the rise of ultra-low-cost carriers like Spirit, Frontier and Allegiant.  Photo: Tim Fadek Relentless pressure on corporate America is creating an increasingly Dickensian experience for many consumers as companies focus on maximising profit. And nowhere is the trend as stark as in the airline industry, whose service is delivered in an aluminum tube packed with up to four different classes, cheek by jowl, 35,000 feet in the air. "There's always been pressure from Wall Street," says Robert Dilenschneider, a veteran public relations executive who advises companies and chief executives on strategic communications. "But I've been watching this for 30 years, and it's never been as intense as it is today." Rich bonus packages for top executives are now largely tied to short-term income targets and fatter profit margins instead of customer service. Of course, bolstering profits and in turn, stock prices has always been a big part of management's responsibility to shareholders, but making it virtually the only criterion for executive pay is new. Five years ago, American Airlines factored in on-time arrivals, lost baggage and consumer complaints to help calculate annual incentive payments for top management. Today, these bonuses are based exclusively on the company's pretax income and cost savings. Advertisement United has also scaled back bonuses linked to reliability and customer satisfaction for senior executives in recent years. But in the wake of what happened in April, bonuses "will be made more comprehensively subject to progress in 2017 on significant improvement in the customer experience," the company says in a financial filing. "Fifteen years ago, airlines competed with each other over who could buy the most planes or have the most routes," says Jamie Baker, a top airline industry analyst at JPMorgan Chase. "Executives are just as competitive today, but it's about who can achieve an investment-grade rating first, who can be a component in the S&P 500, and who has better returns for investors." These new incentives also partly explain why airlines are packing seats more densely and squeezing more passengers into the back of the plane. "Densification is driven by the desire to sweat the assets and generate revenues without having to commit capital to building new planes," Baker says. Such a shift isn't unique to the airline industry. "As in other industries, like manufacturing or consumer goods, the focus is on more traditional financial metrics like pretax income, margins, return on capital and total shareholder return," says Andrew Goldstein, head of the executive compensation practice in North America for Willis Towers Watson. "Airlines haven't abandoned operational and customer-service metrics, but they are putting less emphasis on those factors." Mature industry With the US economy growing at a rate of only 2 per cent while the stockmarket rallies on promises of soaring earnings, something must give so profit margins can grow. In the case of United or Spirit Airlines, whose repeated cancellations led to a melee among travellers this month at a terminal in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, it was customer service. At other companies, like Ford and Alcoa, it was the head of the chief executive that was served up when profits failed to meet expectations. Mature industries, where double-digit annual profit growth is a reach in the best of times, are especially vulnerable to activist investors' demands for board seats, bigger stock repurchases and other short-term financial rewards. The pressure is especially brutal in the airline industry because the key expense, fuel, is for the most part beyond management control. Yet airline executives have largely convinced Wall Street that the bad old days of bankruptcies and fare wars are over, replaced by the kind of predictable annual profits more common among industrial companies. That's among the reasons fees have popped up in recent years for everything from checking bags to securing an assigned seat before boarding. Known on Wall Street as ancillary revenue, this stream of income is especially favoured by investors because it doesn't swing sharply the way fares do. And so far, despite occasional bouts of air rage and frequent consumer complaints, Wall Street has been getting what it wants. United's stock has surged to more than $US80 per share from $US25 per share five years ago, with profit margins rising to 13.6 per cent from 3.7 per cent over the same period. Overall industry margins hit 16.3 per cent, up from 5.2 per cent in 2012. Spirit's operating margins are among the highest in the industry, topping 20 per cent in 2015 and 2016. But Paul Berry, a company spokesman, says Spirit had pivoted to focus more on customer service in the last year, even as some larger rivals keep cutting costs to compete. Despite rewarding top executives strictly according to financial targets, American says it, too, is committed to improving the passenger experience. "Every single person at American knows we succeed or fail based on how well we serve customers," says Joshua Freed, a company spokesman. "We will only meet those financial goals if we keep our customers happy." Still, the promise of steady profit growth has prompted even Warren Buffett to take a fresh look at airline stocks. He once famously called the industry a money-losing "death trap", but reversed course late last year, with his company, Berkshire Hathaway, acquiring stakes in several airlines. "In the past, airline stocks were seen as hazardous to one's wealth," says Baker, the JPMorgan analyst. "They were trading vehicles, and potential destroyers of capital." Increasing pressure The pressure on United, American and other giants is only going to increase with the rise of ultra-low-cost carriers like Spirit, Frontier and Allegiant. In fact, American and United are rolling out a stripped-down new class called Basic Economy. Here, in exchange for the cheapest tickets, fliers can't choose their seats before checking in and are more likely to be stuck in the middle of the row. They board last and are less likely to be able to sit with companions. No carry-on luggage is permitted, forcing anyone without elite frequent-flier status to check anything larger than a backpack for a fee. "That's the experience on an ultra-low-cost carrier," says Rajeev Lalwani, an airline industry analyst with Morgan Stanley. As the legacy airlines introduce similar no-frills offerings to hold off upstarts like Spirit, he says, "part of the idea is to get folks to upgrade to premium economy and collect fees". It's also the wave of the future, at least for budget-conscious travellers. "For the lowest price comes the most basic product," says Alan Wise, a senior partner with the Boston Consulting Group, who leads the firm's travel and tourism practice for North America. "Spirit has been a growth story in the space, and it's forced the legacy carriers to adapt and innovate." To be sure, some industry veterans insist it is a mistake to simply blame investors or hedge-fund managers for fostering a race to the bottom in customer service. "The response isn't to Wall Street. It's to customer behaviour," says Alex Dichter, a senior partner at McKinsey who works with major airlines. "About 35 per cent of customers are choosing on price, and price alone, and another 35 per cent choose mostly on price." Dichter notes that when American added 5-10 centimetres  of leg room in economy in the early 2000s, "as far as I know, the airline didn't see one bit of improvement in market share or pricing. "The great irony is that most CEOs would love to compete on product and experience," he adds. "It's much more fun. The problem is that customers aren't paying attention to that." - New York Times How bonuses work for Australian airline executives  At Qantas, chief executive Alan Joyce gets 33 per cent of his potential pay as a fixed base salary ($2.1 million), 40 per cent from short-term incentives and 27 per cent from long-term incentives. He received full short-term and long-term bonuses in 2015-16 for a total package worth $12.9 million.  Qantas' short-term incentives are weighted across five categories: 50 per cent for underlying pre-tax profit, 20 per cent on achieving the Qantas transformation program, and 10 per cent each for safety, customer satisfaction, and growth and strategy.  At Virgin just 20 per cent of the chief executive's remuneration is fixed, 30 per cent is short-term incentives and 50 per cent is long-term incentives. Other senior executives have 25 per cent of pay fixed, and the remainder split between short-term and long-term incentives.  The short-term incentive scorecard for the CEO is 50 per cent profit, 25 per cent return on investment, 7.5 per cent each on employee and customer satisfaction and 10 per cent on safety.  Other senior executives are weighted less towards profit and more towards operational matters.  Long-term bonuses are based entirely on the return on invested capital over three years, at the board's discretion.  - Lucy Battersby Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Route to air travel discomfort starts on Wall Street. Advertisement HuffPost Australia George Christensen Introduces Bill To ... Contains: External link The HR Industry Is At Risk Of ... Contains: External link Most Popular $A to fall below US70¢ as bond spread shrinks New Wesfarmers boss to earn millions less than predecessor WA may ask BHP, Rio to cash out iron ore levy Proceeds-of-crime risks as Corby starts new life Uber to hike fares in Sydney and Melbourne Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business WA may ask BHP, Rio to cash out iron ore levy Proceeds-of-crime risks as Corby starts new life $A to fall below US70¢ as bond spread shrinks New Wesfarmers boss to earn millions less than predecessor AAMI anger: Why this family is still driving a mouldy car WA Today Orangutan and her baby escape Perth Zoo enclosure Three boys 'armed with knives' terrorise families at Armadale soccer match Works begin on Perth Airport Central Station Borrowers warned to brace for across-the-board mortgage rate increases North Korea fires 'Scud-type missile' The Sydney Morning Herald Vivid Sydney road closures: terrorism fears leave local residents locked out Police operation shuts down Parramatta CBD Inside the cocaine syndicate that kept Sydney's dirty habit going I threw away $4.8 million in Bitcoin Europe can no longer rely on Trump's America: Merkel The Age The camera, unfortunately for us, never lies Bodies of missing Benalla mother and daughter found Schapelle leaves media lost for (non-silly) words 2000 per train: Metro's standing room future Serial asbestos dumper moves to Melbourne to set up shop under new name Brisbane Times Fast-forward 14 years and see what Brisbane will be like One in 10 trains still not running on time Motorcyclist dies on Gateway Motorway after crash with truck Sparkies warn of traffic light chaos amid council lockout Schapelle Corby leads media on cat-and-mouse game Canberra Times I threw away $4.8 million in Bitcoin Ricky slams 'cheating' tactic at the ruck Andrew Barr returns serve on Margaret Court Trump attacks 'fake news' following Kushner reports Public servant demands $100k uni degree WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HP Inc (HPQ) PT Raised to $18.00 at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Heat Biologics Inc (HTBX) to Buy Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) PT Raised to $160.00 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Price Target to $96.00 Albemarle Co. (ALB) Price Target Cut to $72.00 SunTrust Banks Weighs in on AmTrust Financial Services Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AFSI) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Earns Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc TheStreet Downgrades BOS Better OnLine Sol (BOSC) to D Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Receives Buy Rating from FBR & Co Cae Inc (CAE) Price Target Raised to C$22.00 American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Computer Modelling Group Ltd. (CMG) Price Target Raised to C$8.00 Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Short Interest Update NetApp’s (NTAP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Incyte Co. (INCY) Lifted to “C” at TheStreet Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Given a $37.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Western Digital Corp (WDC) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. HP Inc (HPQ) PT Raised to $18.00 at Jefferies Group LLC May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) had its target price boosted by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $17.00 to $18.00 in a research report issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a “hold” rating on the computer maker’s stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price would indicate a potential downside of 2.54% from the company’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on HPQ. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of HP from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $16.00 price objective (up from $15.50) on shares of HP in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. BMO Capital Markets lifted their price objective on shares of HP to $17.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co upgraded shares of HP from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Mizuho lifted their price objective on shares of HP from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Twelve equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. HP has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $18.99. HP (NYSE:HPQ) opened at 18.47 on Thursday. HP has a 52 week low of $11.48 and a 52 week high of $19.58. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $18.65 and its 200 day moving average is $16.65. The firm has a market cap of $31.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.06 and a beta of 1.52. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 24th. The computer maker reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.01. HP had a net margin of 5.17% and a negative return on equity of 63.67%. The firm had revenue of $12.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.93 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.41 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 7.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that HP will post $1.64 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be given a $0.1327 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 12th. This represents a $0.53 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.87%. HP’s payout ratio is presently 37.32%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “HP Inc (HPQ) PT Raised to $18.00 at Jefferies Group LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/hp-inc-hpq-pt-raised-to-18-00-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. In other news, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 719,775 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.60, for a total value of $12,668,040.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 599,775 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,556,040. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total transaction of $181,400.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 61,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,120,054.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 980,159 shares of company stock valued at $17,503,036. 0.51% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Dodge & Cox acquired a new stake in shares of HP during the fourth quarter worth about $2,073,164,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of HP by 1.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 121,687,604 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $2,175,775,000 after buying an additional 2,122,269 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of HP by 0.7% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 79,522,135 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $1,421,893,000 after buying an additional 515,648 shares during the last quarter. Primecap Management Co. CA boosted its stake in shares of HP by 3.5% in the first quarter. Primecap Management Co. CA now owns 63,851,245 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $1,141,660,000 after buying an additional 2,163,147 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of HP by 1.6% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 29,056,041 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $519,522,000 after buying an additional 457,514 shares during the last quarter. 78.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About HP HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chartered PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Earns Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc TheStreet Downgrades BOS Better OnLine Sol (BOSC) to D Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Receives Buy Rating from FBR & Co Cae Inc (CAE) Price Target Raised to C$22.00 American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Computer Modelling Group Ltd. (CMG) Price Target Raised to C$8.00 Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Short Interest Update NetApp’s (NTAP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Incyte Co. (INCY) Lifted to “C” at TheStreet Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Given a $37.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Western Digital Corp (WDC) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Altria Group Inc (MO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given a $195.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets US Capital Advisors Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Fortuna Silver Mines Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (FVI) Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Given a $13.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Earns Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a report released on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a GBX 950 ($12.36) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 29.52% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on STAN. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on Standard Chartered PLC from GBX 555 ($7.22) to GBX 600 ($7.81) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 1,000 ($13.01) price target on shares of Standard Chartered PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 515 ($6.70) price target on shares of Standard Chartered PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Standard Chartered PLC to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Barclays PLC raised their price target on Standard Chartered PLC from GBX 520 ($6.76) to GBX 575 ($7.48) and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 678.89 ($8.83). Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN) opened at 733.5199 on Monday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 24.04 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 727.42 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 716.41. Standard Chartered PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 471.34 and a 1-year high of GBX 821.60. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Earns Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/standard-chartered-plc-stan-earns-buy-rating-from-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In other Standard Chartered PLC news, insider Andrew Nigel (Andy) Halford sold 6,155 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 727 ($9.46), for a total value of £44,746.85 ($58,211.07). Standard Chartered PLC Company Profile Standard Chartered PLC is an international banking company. The Banks’s segments include Corporate & Institutional Banking, Retail Banking, Commercial Banking and Private Banking. Its Corporate & Institutional Banking segment allows companies and financial institutions to operate and trade globally, and its Private Banking segment supports high net worth individuals with their banking needs across borders and offers access to global investment opportunities. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chartered PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks May 29, 2017 11:02 AM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Tech Mahindra at 43-month low, plummets 17% post poor Q4 results The IT services major posted a consolidated net profit for the March quarter at Rs 589.7 crore, a fall of 30.2 percent against Rs 845 crore quarter on quarter. Moneycontrol News Tech Mahindra lost nearly 17 percent intraday on Monday as investors reacted negatively to the company’s results. The stock was at its 43-month low The IT services major posted a consolidated net profit for the March quarter at Rs 589.7 crore, a fall of 30.2 percent against Rs 845 crore quarter on quarter. A poll of analysts by CNBC-TV18 had pegged the net profit at Rs 788 crore. The company’s consolidated rupee revenue came in around a percent lower at Rs 7,495 crore against Rs 7,557.5 crore QoQ. Meanwhile, its dollar revenue came in higher by over a percent at USD 1,131.2 million against USD 1,116.1 million posted during the previous quarter. The stock has shown weak movements, falling 15 percent in the past one month, while its three-day loss was seen at 13 percent. At 09:19 hrs Tech Mahindra was quoting at Rs 364.20, down Rs 65.15, or 15.17 percent on the BSE. It touched a 52-week low of Rs 363.10. Brokerages too had a negative outlook on the stock. A look at what top analysts are talking about the stock. Brokerage: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 410 JPMorgan said that the company’s near term outlook on margins seems uncertain and any sign of improvement in it will be evident only in second half of this fiscal. Further, it added that there is a need to see how the firm plans to address its profitability. Brokerage: Morgan Stanley | Rating: Equalweight | Target: Rs 455The global investment bank believes that a margin miss in the fourth quarter is driving the sharp cut in earnings per share (EPS) estimates. In fact, a recovery in margin is likely to be only gradual. On the estimates, it feels that steep cut in estimates would be reflected in the stock price. A sharp correction in the stock may offer opportunity for long-term investors, the brokerage added. tags #Buzzing Stocks #Tech Mahindra Related news Business Glenmark falls 3% on sectoral weakness, ANDA nod to drug fails to impress investors May 29, 2017 10:30 AM Business Tech Mahindra at 43-month low, plummets 17% post poor Q4 results May 29, 2017 09:23 AM Business 'Top Indian IT cos will lead in digital business' May 29, 2017 08:45 AM Business Ujaas Energy rises 7% on Letter Of Intent from Arunachal Pradesh govt May 26, 2017 01:42 PM Business Jaiprakash Associates gains 15% on debt recast nod by banks' board May 26, 2017 01:14 PM Business Renaissance Jewellery hits 1-yr high, to consider buyback on May 30 May 26, 2017 12:18 PM Business VA Tech Wabag gains 2% on strong Q4 numbers May 26, 2017 11:56 AM Business Manappuram Finance shares soar 6.5% post Q4 show May 26, 2017 11:15 AM Business Sintex Industries rises 20% post demerger of custom moulding biz May 26, 2017 10:59 AM News Most Popular Top News Early rains to shower hope for Sensex; top 10 stocks to chase this monsoon Tata Motors cuts up to 1,500 managerial jobs Mid & smallcap stocks crack; 10 stocks which can give up to 50% return This smallcap could pump more profits as it now starts to leverage its assets Top 10 midcap ‘Baahubalis’ which could still become multibaggers in 2-3 years Market Live: Sensex hovers around 31000, Midcap underperforms; FMCG zooms Buy, Sell, Hold: 7 stocks that analysts are watching today NSE algo case: After bourse’s top brass, brokers come under SEBI lens see more Video of the day Valuation difference across cos seen, FY18 earnings to be better: HSBC Global AMC Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Uttaresh Venkateshwaran
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BankUnited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Given a $13.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Cut to “D” at TheStreet Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANW) Downgraded by TheStreet BankUnited (BKU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Golden Entertainment Inc (GDEN) Short Interest Update Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Usa Compression Partners LP (USAC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $65.85 Million Attunity Ltd (ATTU) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $15.04 Million Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect New Media Investment Group (NEWM) Stock Price Control4 Corp (CTRL) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.18 Hanesbrands (HBI) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.24 Great Portland Estates PLC (GPOR) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Receives Average Rating of “Sell” from Brokerages Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.37 HomeStreet (HMST) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Crane (CR) Share Price Owens Corning (OC) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.28 Brokerages Set Cellectis SA (CLLS) PT at $44.25 Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) Target Price at $6.92 BankUnited (BKU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BankUnited (NYSE:BKU)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. They presently have a $41.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods’ target price indicates a potential upside of 21.91% from the company’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC set a $42.00 target price on shares of BankUnited and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 9th. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their target price on shares of BankUnited to $43.00 in a research note on Friday, March 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of BankUnited from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $42.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of BankUnited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Hovde Group upgraded shares of BankUnited from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $44.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. BankUnited presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.75. BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) opened at 33.63 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.61 and a beta of 1.01. BankUnited has a 52 week low of $27.85 and a 52 week high of $41.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $34.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $36.67. BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $0.57 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.56 by $0.01. BankUnited had a net margin of 19.37% and a return on equity of 9.72%. The company had revenue of $258.74 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $260.46 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.51 EPS. Analysts anticipate that BankUnited will post $2.37 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BankUnited (BKU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/bankunited-bku-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In other BankUnited news, Chairman John Adam Kanas sold 102,915 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.92, for a total value of $3,490,876.80. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 1,145,155 shares in the company, valued at approximately $38,843,657.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Douglas J. Pauls sold 11,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.60, for a total transaction of $454,720.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 31,380 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,274,028. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 314,115 shares of company stock worth $10,729,597. Corporate insiders own 5.10% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Spindletop Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of BankUnited by 45.8% in the fourth quarter. Spindletop Capital LLC now owns 175,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,596,000 after buying an additional 55,000 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of BankUnited by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,072,664 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $40,428,000 after buying an additional 29,029 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of BankUnited by 15.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,648,463 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $137,507,000 after buying an additional 480,880 shares during the last quarter. Cipher Capital LP boosted its stake in shares of BankUnited by 54.2% in the fourth quarter. Cipher Capital LP now owns 101,965 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,843,000 after buying an additional 35,824 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of BankUnited by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 84,070 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,169,000 after buying an additional 2,755 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.92% of the company’s stock. BankUnited Company Profile BankUnited, Inc is the bank holding company of BankUnited (the Bank). The bank is a national banking association. As of December 31, 2016, the Bank provided a range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties and six banking centers in the New York metropolitan area. Receive News & Ratings for BankUnited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Real Estate briefly: TCC starts work on Sierra… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 Rehab investigation Memorial Day events Shark news Restaurant closures News Business Real Estate briefly: TCC starts work on Sierra Lakes in Fontana Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Samantha Gowen | sgowen@scng.com | Orange County Register May 28, 2017 at 12:00 pm CBRE Group has brokered the sale of Broadway Apartments in Santa Ana for $5 million. The buyer, NNC Apartment Ventures, is an apartment investment company focused on California. (Courtesy of CBRE Group) Lee & Associates Newport Beach has completed the sale of an industrial building at 1721 Whittier Ave. in Costa Mesa for roughly $3.55 million. The 10,000-square-foot building is located in the Newport Mesa area in proximity to Newport Harbor. (Courtesy of Lee & Associates Newport Beach) Trammell Crow Company in Newport Beach and Clarion Partners in Los Angeles have started work on Sierra Lakes Commerce Center in Fontana. The center, 598,000 square feet of industrial space, sits on a 27.5-acre site near Interstate 210. (Courtesy of TCC) Ruth Brajevich has been promoted to vice president of strategic initiatives at Ware Malcomb, a design firm in Irvine. Brajevich’s role will involve overall strategy for the firm’s marketing and public relations, planning and leadership development. Aliso Viejo-based Seabreeze Management Co. has promoted Isaiah S. Henry to chief executive, taking over day-to-day operations of the real estate property management firm from company founder Lisa Dale. Dale will continue with the firm as board chair. (Courtesy of Seabreeze Management Co.) Lisa Shu Yang Tyson, a former finance partner for Edwards Lifesciences, has joined Aliso Viejo-based Nelson Brothers Professional Real Estate as its corporate controller. (Courtesy of Nelson Brothers) Show Caption of Expand   Trammell Crow Company in Newport Beach and Clarion Partners in Los Angeles have started work on Sierra Lakes Commerce Center in Fontana. The center, 598,000 square feet of industrial space, sits on a 27.5-acre site near Interstate 210. The project will feature 2,000 square feet of speculative office space. The building is scheduled to complete in the first quarter of 2018. Sierra Lakes is an investment by a commingled fund advised by Clarion Partners. RGA Architecture is the project architect and Fullmer Construction is the general contractor. JP Morgan Chase is providing financing. The Lee & Associates‘ Ontario team of Bill Heim and Michael Chavez represent TCC and Clarion Partners in the leasing and marketing for the building. CBRE Group has brokered the sale of Broadway Apartments in Santa Ana for $5 million. The buyer, NNC Apartment Ventures, is an apartment investment company focused on California. This is the first time the building has been sold since it was built in 1987. CBRE’s Dan Blackwell represented both the buyer and seller, Broadway Villas, in this transaction. The property at 806 South Broadway includes 21 units, all of which are two-bedroom, two-bathroom’s; eight are townhome floorplans. Lee & Associates Newport Beach has completed the sale of an industrial building at 1721 Whittier Ave. in Costa Mesa for roughly $3.55 million. The 10,000-square-foot building is located in the Newport Mesa area in proximity to Newport Harbor. The unidentified buyer intends to occupy the property to operate an online e-commerce speciality product business. Patrick Lacey at Lee & Associates represented the seller, Gordon Wayne Miller Trust. Also at Lee & Associates in Newport Beach: The firm completed a 59,677 square-foot land sale at 640 S. Hathaway St. in Santa Ana for $2.35 million. The property was purchased through a lease option with the seller providing financing for tax reasons. Kevin Thomas and Jim Snyder, both principals and senior vice presidents, represented the seller, Perkins Family Investment I, and the buyer, San Clemente Holdings. New ventures SRS Real Estate Partners in Newport Beach has expanded into San Diego, adding three new brokers to anchor the team. Joining the San Diego team as part of the National Net Lease Group are Sam Hanna as senior vice president, and Bryan Raphaelson as associate, who will provide advisory services for investors of single-tenant and net lease properties in San Diego and across the nation. Michael Lagazo also joins the San Diego office as vice president and will provide tenant and landlord services. People in Real Estate Aliso Viejo-based Seabreeze Management Co. has promoted Isaiah S. Henry to chief executive, taking over day-to-day operations of the real estate property management firm from company founder Lisa Dale. Dale will continue with the firm as board chair. The move is part of a strategic ownership transition agreement between Henry and Dale, the company said. Dale said the promotion concludes a three-year search for a new CEO. Henry had been the company president. He joined Seabreeze in 2014 and has been credited with expanding operations, doubling the staff to more than 300 employees and maintaining a 99 percent client retention rate. The firm, which manages more than 50,000 residential and commercial properties, opened offices in Northern California, Las Vegas and the Inland Empire during the past three years, the company said. Prior to joining Seabreeze, the Brooklyn native served as senior vice president and chief marketing officer at Professional Community Management and served as vice president, business development at FirstService Residential. — Jeff Collins, jeffcollins@scng.com Ruth Brajevich has been promoted to vice president of strategic initiatives at Ware Malcomb, an Irvine-based design firm. Her role will include overall strategy for the firm’s marketing and public relations, strategic planning, leadership development, culture and people. Brajevich joined Ware Malcomb in 1998 as director of marketing. She was promoted to principal of marketing in 2004 and named chief marketing officer in 2007. Brajevich also provides coaching to the firm’s leaders across its 22 offices. Lisa Shu Yang Tyson, a former finance partner for Edwards Lifesciences, has joined Aliso Viejo-based Nelson Brothers Professional Real Estate as its corporate controller. Tyson will lead the financial modeling and strategic plan projections for the acquisition, property management and construction arms of Nelson Brothers, which specializes in the niche market of private student housing. Before working at Edwards Lifesciences, Tyson was an audit associate at Deloitte in Costa Mesa. Tyson is a certified public accountant and a graduate of UC Irvine. She is earning an MBA from the Anderson School of Management at UCLA. The real estate briefs are compiled by contributing writer Karen Levin and edited by Business Editor Samantha Gowen. Submit items to sgowen@scng.com. High-resolution photos are recommended. Allow at least one week for publication. Items are subject to editing for length and clarity. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular The 2017 Spirit of the MACY Awards winners are … ‘Star Wars’ Land update: Disneyland’s Rivers of America route nearly done Surfboard designer Paul Burke dies after being hit by car Owner of O.C.’s largest house just sold a much smaller one – for $16 million Motorcyclist dies in Fullerton crash Beach lovers march to the sea – shark sightings and all Garden Grove Strawberry Festival draws thousands Family escapes fire at Santa Ana mobile home park Irvine woman robbed by armed man in her own home, police say How some Southern California drug rehab centers exploit addiction Eviction decline is no solace for thousands of renters losing their homes Cannes AmFAR Gala 2017 – Nicki Minaj, Lindsay Lohan, Rita Ora and more stars turn out for AIDS fundraiser Tags:  Real Estate small business Samantha Gowen Samantha Gowen has been with The Register since October 2000, arriving from South Florida just days before the presidential election imploded. (Remember hanging chads?) She began her job here as a copy editor, then shifted to page design. In the ensuing years, she's been the Register's pets' editor, an iPad producer, trending reporter, and car culture writer. Three years ago, Sam moved to the Business team as their deputy editor. In January 2016, she was promoted to business editor. Her team specializes in real estate, economy, retail and food industry coverage. Follow Samantha Gowen @sammigo View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Owner of O.C.’s largest house just sold a much smaller one – for $16 million Here’s a big warning sign for Orange County housing Eviction decline is no solace for thousands of renters losing their homes Los Alamitos homebuying: 2017 started slowly Live Traffic Map Weather Corrections Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store RSS Feeds Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Overseas Tax Holiday For Tech Giants May Come With A Catch REINHARDT KRAUSE 5/28/2017 Reprints Ask Wall Street analysts to name possible catalysts for a rise in big-cap technology stocks like Apple (AAPL) and Cisco Systems (CSCO), and near the top on most lists would be Trump administration plans to allow companies to bring foreign profits into the U.S. at a reduced tax rate. Analysts say cash brought back could be a piggy bank for company stock repurchases or acquisitions. Problem is, President Trump's economic agenda has been stalled amid White House drama. The proposed changes on "repatriated" cash are part of a bigger Trump tax reform package. Randall Stephenson, AT&T's (T) CEO, says tax reform can make it through Congress. "A lot of people are getting pessimistic because of a lot of the noise in Washington right now that tax reform may not be achieved," Stephenson said at a JPMorgan tech conference on May 23. "I am still optimistic something can still get done … bundling tax reform with an infrastructure bill would be big. I think it's achievable." Even so, one worry is that the overseas "tax holiday" for tech firms may not turn out as the bonanza it's made out to be. That depends on whether legislation puts conditions on how money could be spent and creates enforcement mechanisms. Rather than see the money go toward company stock buybacks or acquisitions, Trump and Congress could steer money toward job creation and capital spending, says a UBS analyst. "If the (Trump administration) wants to really drive inward investments within the U.S. there might have to be some sort of mandated use of cash, maybe to spend it on (capital expenditures). As yet, we do not know," UBS analyst Geoff Robinson said in a report. There's reason to think Robinson might be on the right track. "There's trillions of dollars offshore. We want to get that back into America," Gary Cohn, Trump's chief economic advisor, said in a recent interview. "We want the companies to bring the money back and put it back into the economy. We want them to create jobs." Cash-rich tech companies like Apple, Microsoft (MSFT), Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL) and Cisco currently would pay a 35% tax on so-called "repatriated earnings." Rather than take the tax hit, they've kept the money overseas. President Trump has proposed a one-time tax of 10% on offshore earnings while the Republican-controlled House has proposed a lower 8.5% rate. The overseas tax-break that Congress passed in 2004 was called the American Jobs Creation Act, but didn't do much to stimulate the economy, analysts say. The AJCA taxed repatriated earnings at a 5.25% rate. The top five firms in bringing back cash in 2004 were drug companies Pfizer (PFE) and Merck (MRK), as well as Hewlett-Packard, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and IBM (IBM). According to the IRS, $312 billion was brought back in all. However, only 10% of companies eligible to bring back cash in 2004 did so, says Richard Lane, an analyst at Moody's Investor Service. Many companies kept cash overseas because of AJCA requirements, he said. The AJCA required companies to reinvest tax savings in worker hiring and training, infrastructure, research and development and capital projects. According to UBS, however, "Funds in 2004's repatriation may have been earmarked for capital investment but ultimately were spent in large part on share repurchases." UBS says that happened because the AJCA did not include a "tracking mechanism" so the government could audit companies and gauge compliance. The Trump administration could put better enforcement mechanisms in place. S&P 500 companies have more than $2.6 trillion in overseas cash. Some of that may be needed to continue funding foreign operations. The companies currently with the most overseas cash are Apple, Microsoft, Cisco, Google and Oracle (ORCL), Moody's says. While Cisco has stated any cash brought back to the U.S. could be used for reducing debt on its books, analysts have other ideas. If a tax holiday is approved, BMO Capital Markets said in a report that it "expects Cisco and Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) to focus more on acquisitions, while Apple and smaller companies would likely lean more toward capital return." In the case of Apple and Cisco, some analysts envision enough cash being brought back to fund "transformative" deals. Apple has about $250 billion in cash, growing at about $50 billion a year. About 90% of Apple's cash is overseas. A one-time, 10% repatriation tax would give Apple some $220 billion for acquisitions or buybacks, Citigroup analyst Jim Suva said in a report. Suva speculated that Apple could buy large companies such as Netflix (NFLX), Walt Disney (DIS) or Electronic Arts (EA). Cisco, meanwhile, could bring back up to $56 billion in cash from overseas, analysts say. In a report, Credit Suisse speculates that enterprise software providers ServiceNow (NOW), Splunk (SPLK), or computer security firm Palo Alto Networks (PANW) could be on Cisco's shopping list. Pacific Crest Securities adds Red Hat (RHT) and Nutanix (NTNX) to the list of possible Cisco targets. Intel (INTC) is among semiconductor companies with a cash hoard overseas. Intel could bring back about $12 billion, says BMO Capital Markets. Nvidia (NVDA) and Qualcomm (QCOM) also have significant overseas cash. But, BMO Capital does not expect a Trump tax holiday to spur an acquisition spree among chipmakers. REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news Industry News And Stocks To Watch 5/27/2017 Track the latest news and stocks to watch across the tech, retail, finance and other industries. 5/27/2017 Track the latest news and stocks to watch across the... FANG Stocks News & Quotes: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google Apple iPhone 8 Chip Winners And Losers Predicted This Top Software Firm Has Flipped From Losses To Huge Earnings Growth Analysts Are Bullish On These 4 Top-Rated Chip Stocks Week In Review: Stocks Hit Highs On FANGs; Oil Dives After OPEC; Best Buy, Ulta Shine Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Stocks Flat As 3-Day Weekend Nears; These 2 Dow Stocks Are In Buy Range Today's Spotlight Stay Current with FANG Stocks Want to know how FB, AMZN, NFLX, & GOOGL are doing? Check our latest news and investing insight. MarketSmith Premium Find top stocks with MarketSmith Premium. Take a 3-week trial today. Special Webinar – May 31 Learn advanced buying strategies & see examples of how these techniques can boost portfolio profits. More News The Nasdaq composite's volume, especially at inflection points, has provided clues to success. Volume Speaks Volumes About Stock Trades Tips for living a secure retirement include budgeting, spending from taxable accounts first, and health care planning. (©cromary/stock.adobe.com) Don't Quit Your Job Before Taking These 5 Retirement Steps The time to build an ark is when the sun is shining Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cook Book Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Markets Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Markets Si! Argentina is also a frontier market fairy tale! Matein Khalid/Dubai Filed on May 28, 2017 | Last updated on May 28, 2017 at 07.59 pm Share More > Vote Brazil's Bovespa endured a roller-coaster ride in the last year. (AFP) Any hit in Brazil is a chance for UAE investors to accumulate Argentina shares Brazil's Bovespa index, the real and its sovereign debt have plunged and soared in the last year in response to its political news flow rollercoaster. The resignation of Dilma Rousseff triggered Latin America's most-frenzied bull market in the real and the Bovespa in 2016. Now President Michel Temer's systemic bribery allegations gutted Brazil's financial markets. I was horrified to see the iShares Brazil country index fund tank 17 per cent in a single trading session while the Sao Paulo Borsa shut down. It is impossible to pontificate on Brazil as its latest sordid political drama plays out other than to reiterate my old Victorian surgeon's motto: when in doubt, cut it out! Ever since the Mexican peso devaluation of 1994, I learnt the hard way that cross-border contagion is an existential reality in Latin America. When financial Black Death hits the region, fund managers in Gringolandia do not sell what they want, they sell what they can as cross-asset margin calls cascade. So it did not surprise me to see my favourite Latin American stock market since late 2015, Argentina, get slammed in the Brazilian meltdown. However, any hit in Brazil is a chance for UAE investors to accumulate Argentina, my frontier market fairy tale along with Pakistan. Why? One, political stability is as valuable as it is ephemeral in the Third World (now politely known as 'emerging markets'!). President Mauricio Macri is a pro-market reformer committed to economic globalisation who ended 12 years of Peronist socialist misrule under President Néstor Kirchner and his wife Cristina Fernández. The Argentine right, haunted by the memories of the sala guerra, the tragic dirty war under military dictator generals Viola, Videla and Galtieri, has embraced a moderate reformer and a team of ex-JPMorgan Chase technocrats in the Casa Rosada. Hola amigos! Two, Macri has not just talked the talk but walked the walk. He devalued the Argentina peso and abolished currency controls. He settled with Paris Club holdout creditors and guided Argentina's return to the global capital markets with a wildly-successful Eurobond in April 2016, up 12 points after I recommended it in this column as a must own US dollar new issue. Thanks to Macri's reforms, Argentina has now issued $30 billion in foreign debt, a stellar track record for a nation that once precipitated history's biggest sovereign default in 2001. Even Eva Perón in the Recoleta would be proud of the Argentina of 2017! Three, since BP Securities in Buenos Aires is chaired by my old Chase training class hermano Alejandro Allende, I have impeccable insights into the Argentina money game. Alex told me on the eve of Macri's election that Argentine banks could be triple baggers under the new regime. Hence I was able to gift my readers Banco Macro ADR's in New York, up 200 per cent-plus since Macri's election. As I still tell my dad, if you think Wharton's expensive, try ignorance! For Gulf investors still skeptical about Argentina, note that the Merval is up 48 per cent in the last twelve months. 2016 was the year to do the Tango Argentino on the Rio Plata! Four, Pakistan has been upgraded to emerging market by Morgan Stanley Capital International. Argentina is next. Stay tuned while I scan the smoke signals at MSCI. Five, Argentina still faces monumental economic issues, a legacy of the failed Peronist decade and the hyperinflationary debt crises of the 1990s. Inflation is an awful 24 per cent. The Peronistas and the hard left, the voice of the gauchos and the descamisados (poor), are still powerful in Congress. Macro's 3.5 per cent of GDP fiscal deficit target seems unrealistic in 2017. Argentina is Brazil's largest trading partner and vulnerable to Chinese appetite for soft commodities and meat from the pampas. Yet as George Soros advised, the big money is often made when things go from Godawful to just plain awful. Greek equities were leprosy for me since 2010, when Athens near defaulted on its sovereign debt. However, after a Great Depression scale economic slump and epic labour/pension/fiscal reforms, bailouts, the IMF, EU and Berlin have led to another emerging market Cinderella. In my youth, the Akti Meoli in Piraeus and the Grande Bretagne in Syntagma Square were my banker hangouts - plus Mykonos. It is time to return to the Hellenic morning of creation in the Greek isles! The writer is a global equities strategist and fund manager. He can be contacted at mateinkhalid09@gmail.com Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Economy Africa turns to India for 'green revolution' Country to invest $24B over next 10 years in agriculture, a sector... READ MORE Markets Si! Argentina is also a frontier market fairy... Any hit in Brazil is a chance for UAE investors to accumulate... READ MORE Markets Is Texas the new 'swing' producer' of black gold? Are we witnessing the beginning of a new oil world order? READ MORE Markets Why European shares are a global value magnet Continent the destination de jour for global fund managers enthralled ... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Business Jobseekers optimistic about opportunities during... Experts have also cautioned that the summer period usually tends to... READ MORE Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS... Coming out on top across the country, Savit beat off competition for... READ MORE Economy UAE slashes petrol prices for June The ministry had reduced the fuel prices in April while they remained ... READ MORE Abu Dhabi Eman can now eat by herself: Burjeel Hospital She has also been steadily losing weight. READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1038 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 begins today in UAE 58728 views | 26 May 2017 Abu Dhabi From a company driver to CEO of own firm 54676 views | 25 May 2017 Ramadan Deals Visit this UAE theme park for free in Ramadan 38467 views | 26 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 23188 views | 28 May 2017 Dubai Photos: Sheikh Mohammed reviews progress of The Tower 21197 views | 26 May 2017 India UAE Consulate-General in Kerala distributes dates to orphans 17057 views | 27 May 2017 Dubai Have you noticed change in sea colour at Dubai's Jumeirah beach? 15530 views | 26 May 2017 Ramadan 2017 Indian walked from Sharjah to Ajman after iftar of just dates and water 15153 views | 27 May 2017 Education CBSE Grade XII results: Guess how much the toppers scored 14149 views | 28 May 2017 Abu Dhabi UAE man jailed for bounced cheque worth Dh31m 13519 views | 26 May 2017 Saudi Arabia 100% tax on cigarettes, energy drinks in Saudi from June 10 13214 views | 28 May 2017 Ramadan News Photos: Sheikh Mohammed, Jalila pray on first day of Ramadan 12794 views | 28 May 2017 Economy UAE slashes petrol prices for June 11614 views | 28 May 2017 General Three lucky passengers rewarded free tickets by Sharjah Airport 9606 views | 27 May 2017 MENA Baby born with two heads in Syria 9065 views | 27 May 2017 Nation Mega sale of up to 80% discount coming up in UAE 722 votes | 23 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 to begin on Saturday, May 27 521 votes | 25 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan working hours for UAE announced 487 votes | 23 May 2017 General 208 people set to become UAE citizens 339 votes | 22 May 2017 Nation Ramadan 2017 likely to begin on May 27 222 votes | 14 December 2016 Ramadan News 50% discount on traffic fines in this emirate for Ramadan 198 votes | 22 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017: Abu Dhabi prayer timings for the holy month 195 votes | 23 May 2017 Dubai 7 killed, 35 hurt in horrific Dubai bus-truck collision 177 votes | 23 May 2017 Crime Man who insulted UAE to be deported after serving jail term 156 votes | 22 May 2017 Transport This nationality causes the most accidents during Ramadan in UAE 148 votes | 22 May 2017 Dubai Virgin flight departs from Dubai after security check delay 146 votes | 23 May 2017 India Video: Indian man commits suicide, blames immigration fraud 124 votes | 22 May 2017 Crime Dubai man accused of raping girlfriend, kicking her naked out of house 116 votes | 25 May 2017 Rest of Asia 5-year-old tears up cash worth Dh26,000 99 votes | 22 May 2017 Ramadan News Get your salaries in UAE early this month for Ramadan 97 votes | 22 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs BOOK REVIEW The world of finance: a cosy club Jinoy Jose P comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Title: Superhubs: How the Financial Elite and Their Networks Rule Our World Author: Sandra Navidi; Publisher: Hachette India. Price: ₹599 A ringside view of the closed society of financial elites and how they control the world May 28, 2017:   Sandra Navidi’s curriculum vitae looks richly speckled. She studied law and practised in Germany and the US. She was an investment banker and, later, a macroeconomic analyst who worked with economist Nouriel Roubini. If you remember, Roubini had predicted the collapse of the housing market and the worldwide recession of 2008. Navidi is now a management consultant advising a myriad mix of companies and people who run it. Obviously, having attended exclusive invite-only big-ticket events in the world of finance and the economy, she has had access to troves of exclusive information lesser mortals are not necessarily privy to. So, obviously, one expects Navidi’s Superhubs: How the Financial Elite and Their Networks Rule Our World to be an eye-opening treatise on the murky, complex and chaotic universe of global finance and its dubious hubs and networks. But at the very outset Navidi makes it clear that she is no radical rabble-rouser. Instead, she is a neutral chronicler and the judgment is left to the readers, who have a lot to read between the lines in this refreshingly detailed work on 21st century finance. The hyper-networkers Physicist Stephen Hawking called 21st century a period of complexity. For Navidi, three forces propel this complex period: technologisation, financialisation and globalisation. The world of finance is a deadly cocktail of all the three forces that mark this century. As a result, traditional methods and linear thinking become quite unsuccessful in understanding what happens in this system which is a web of alliances and networks in which the ‘power of networking’ plays a pivotal role, influencing global policies and business deals. In 12 chapters rich in research and sprinkled with personality profiles of the movers and shakers of finance, Navidi shows how people such as Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan Chase; Larry Fink, chairman and CEO of Blackrock, the largest asset management company in the world; and billionaire hedge fund honcho George Soros “shape history, transform the world we live in, and determine the future of our financial system, economy, and society”. She helps unravel a curious world of power-brokering, while strictly maintaining her role as a neutral observer. But being neutral is a Herculean task while analysing the world of finance. At times, Navidi gets tempted to go judgemental, especially when she analyses the influential networks in finance. Over time, she writes, certain network dynamics — such as the “rich-get-richer phenomenon” and self-perpetuating feedback loops — will cause any system automatically to become more interconnected, homogeneous, and complex. She understands that this is not a great way to go because most systems are adaptive and self-correcting, so when they become “too lopsided, circuit-breaking feedback loops kick in, restabilising the system”. Systems that fail to correct themselves ultimately self-destruct, she warns. But this is a dog-eat-dog world anyway, where factors such as ethics and loyalty often get a back seat, as we have seen in the works of Michael Lewis, Sebastian Mallaby, or even Bryan Burrough and John Helyar. “You want loyalty, hire a cocker spaniel,” informs Lewis in his seminal work, Liar’s Poker, in which he shared his startling experience as a bond salesman on Wall Street. But Navidi doesn’t want you to enter that space, for obvious reasons. She is still active in the industry and if the litany of praise from the biggies of finance that dot the first few pages of Superhub is any indication, she has influential friends to humour. Circumspect narrative So, Navidi sticks to the essentials, which are enough for us to enjoy. She starts by profiling the Financial Universe, starting from the stratosphere of power — Davos, where meetings tangibly demonstrate that “similar people attract each other — and that those who already have the most connections attract even more”. Then she goes to look at the global financial system through the prism of network science. This, claims Navidi, provides a more structured explanation of how a select few get to the very centre of networks, where they become the so-called ‘superhubs’. There are plenty of successful people in the world, Navidi writes, but only a few become so “disproportionately successful” that they operate the very levers of the financial system; they form the superhub, which connects the influential to the more-influential. In the world of finance, netswork equals net worth. And what are the links that connect these networks? Money, information and opportunities. In finance, says Navidi, the most valuable currency is actionable information that can be converted into monetary gain. So, in essence, you’re worth what you know. Which also means, you’re what/who you’re connected to. Is this a virtue or a vice? Navidi sits on the fence here. Especially considering the plethora of examples that suggest how these powerful networks influence public policies across the globe, leading to considerable damage to public good. During the subprime crisis of 2007-08, most rating agencies were vying with each other to stamp high ratings to toxic bonds and other financial instruments, which eventually, nearly, pulled down the whole financial system in the US, triggering a chain reaction across the globe. In Navidi’s world, superhubs and their influence, though they can get toxic at times, are a necessary inevitability, whether you like it or not. This is where the book stumbles. Or differs from the likes of a Big Short (Lewis) or More Money Than God (Mallaby), which vehemently criticises the power of financial elites and their ill-gotten wealth. But as we can see Navidi seems to have great friends she cannot offend by revealing unpleasant truths. Navidi’s language at times gets too simple to bring out the nuances in the discourse. The book is text-bookish in places. But those are minor glitches; if you are interested in the world of finance and its curiosities, this is a good read. MEET THE AUTHOR An expert commentator on financial markets, Sandra Navidi is the Founder and CEO of Beyond Global, a consulting firm. Navidi has worked as an investment banker at Scarsdale Equities, general counsel at Muzinich and Co. And consultant at Deloitte. (This article was published on May 28, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS arts, culture and entertainment | books and literature | economy, business and finance | economy (general) | finance (general) | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED The world of finance: a cosy club BJP and the Dalit question Below The Line LATEST NEWS Strides Shasun gets 3 observations from USFDA for Bengaluru facility 8 min. ago PM Modi embarks on four-nation tour 15 min. ago Muted fourth quarter earnings drag down Sun Pharma 15 min. ago Gold holds near 4-week high; political tensions support 28 min. ago Sri Lanka floods: Rescue efforts on as toll rises to 164 30 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Columns Below The Line Batting for BHIM You must hand it to NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant for pushing the BHIM-Aadhaar App at every opportunity... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Signet Jewelers Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Signet Jewelers Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank of America Corp Reiterates Buy Rating for Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Rating Reiterated by Mizuho Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Earns “Buy” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Zacks: Countrywide (CYWDF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages CONMED (CNMD) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds AMAG Pharmaceuticals (AMAG) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.16 Pilgrim's Pride Co. (PPC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Walt Disney’s (DIS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Costco Wholesale’s (COST) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Bank of America Corp CIBC World Markets Inc. Purchases New Position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Stevens Capital Management LP Purchases New Stake in Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Ameren Corp (AEE) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in CNO Financial Group Inc (CNO) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $2.801 Million Stake in Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Arnaud Ajdler Sells 119,919 Shares of StarTek, Inc. (SRT) Stock 58.com’s (WUBA) “Equal Weight” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Bank of America Corp Reiterates Buy Rating for Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Signet Jewelers Ltd. (NYSE:SIG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by Bank of America Corp in a report released on Sunday. They presently have a $75.00 target price on the stock, down from their previous target price of $90.00. Bank of America Corp’s price target indicates a potential upside of 52.10% from the company’s current price. SIG has been the subject of a number of other reports. Royal Bank of Canada cut their price target on shares of Signet Jewelers from $92.00 to $78.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Friday, March 10th. Telsey Advisory Group reduced their price objective on shares of Signet Jewelers from $75.00 to $58.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a research note on Friday. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $78.00 price objective (down from $89.00) on shares of Signet Jewelers in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $75.00 price objective on shares of Signet Jewelers and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co set a $97.00 price objective on shares of Signet Jewelers and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $82.75. Signet Jewelers (NYSE:SIG) traded down 1.97% during trading on Friday, reaching $49.31. 4,941,851 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average of $63.16 and a 200 day moving average of $76.42. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.37 billion, a P/E ratio of 7.83 and a beta of 1.20. Signet Jewelers has a 12 month low of $48.10 and a 12 month high of $101.46. Signet Jewelers (NYSE:SIG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 25th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.66 by $0.63. Signet Jewelers had a net margin of 7.93% and a return on equity of 19.67%. The business had revenue of $1.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.46 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.95 earnings per share. Signet Jewelers’s revenue was down 11.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Signet Jewelers will post $7.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 30th. Investors of record on Friday, July 28th will be issued a $0.31 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 26th. This represents a $1.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.51%. Signet Jewelers’s dividend payout ratio is currently 15.88%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Bank of America Corp Reiterates Buy Rating for Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/bank-of-america-corp-reiterates-buy-rating-for-signet-jewelers-ltd-sig.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Pitcairn Co. increased its position in Signet Jewelers by 8.9% in the fourth quarter. Pitcairn Co. now owns 3,937 shares of the company’s stock worth $372,000 after buying an additional 321 shares in the last quarter. Rubric Capital Management LP purchased a new position in Signet Jewelers during the fourth quarter worth approximately $13,385,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Signet Jewelers during the fourth quarter worth approximately $4,963,000. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC purchased a new position in Signet Jewelers during the third quarter worth approximately $655,000. Finally, ETRADE Capital Management LLC increased its position in Signet Jewelers by 36.8% in the third quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC now owns 4,904 shares of the company’s stock worth $365,000 after buying an additional 1,320 shares in the last quarter. Signet Jewelers Company Profile Signet Jewelers Limited is a retailer of diamond jewelry. The Company’s segments include the Sterling Jewelers division; the Zale division, which consists of the Zale Jewelry and Piercing Pagoda segments; the UK Jewelry division, and Other. The Sterling Jewelers division’s stores operate in the United States principally as Kay Jewelers (Kay), Kay Jewelers Outlet, Jared The Galleria Of Jewelry (Jared) and Jared Vault. Receive News & Ratings for Signet Jewelers Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Signet Jewelers Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News World Asset Management Inc Increases Position in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Swiss National Bank Holds Position in Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Swiss National Bank Boosts Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) World Asset Management Inc Has $499,000 Stake in Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Report Finds MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Position Boosted by World Asset Management Inc A. H. Belo Co. (AHC) Stake Held by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Swiss National Bank Has $7.256 Million Stake in Masimo Co. (MASI) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Continues to Hold Stake in AdCare Health Systems, Inc. (ADK) Killam Apartment REIT (KMP.UN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 29th World Asset Management Inc Has $490,000 Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.12 Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Swiss National Bank Purchases 400 Shares of athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Purchases 3,100 Shares of SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Salient MLP & Energy Infrastructure Fund (SMF) Stock Price Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) Shares Bought by World Asset Management Inc Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital IMPINJ’s (PI) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a note issued to investors on Sunday. They currently have a $1,200.00 price target on the information services provider’s stock, up from their prior price target of $950.00. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 20.81% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $1,020.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Mizuho decreased their target price on shares of Alphabet from $1,025.00 to $1,024.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Evercore ISI reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $1,001.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $935.00 target price (up previously from $925.00) on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Nomura reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $950.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Monday, January 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and forty have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $1,002.75. Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) opened at 993.27 on Friday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $918.17 and its 200-day moving average is $847.92. The company has a market cap of $687.09 billion, a PE ratio of 33.56 and a beta of 0.98. Alphabet has a 1-year low of $672.66 and a 1-year high of $996.39. Alphabet also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Traders acquired 1,339 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 114% compared to the typical daily volume of 625 put options. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $7.24 by $0.49. The firm had revenue of $20.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $19.65 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $7.50 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Alphabet will post $33.95 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/alphabet-inc-googl-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Isthmus Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Alphabet by 6.5% in the first quarter. Isthmus Partners LLC now owns 132 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. Delta Asset Management LLC TN boosted its position in shares of Alphabet by 1.5% in the first quarter. Delta Asset Management LLC TN now owns 136 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 2 shares during the last quarter. QCI Asset Management Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of Alphabet by 7.9% in the first quarter. QCI Asset Management Inc. NY now owns 136 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. Founders Capital Management acquired a new position in shares of Alphabet during the first quarter valued at about $119,000. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Alphabet during the first quarter valued at about $127,000. Institutional investors own 34.98% of the company’s stock. Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PennantPark Investment Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PennantPark Investment Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News iShares MSCI Cntry Asa Jpn Idx Fnd ETF (AAXJ) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.10 Short Interest in PennantPark Investment Corp. (PNNT) Grows By 13.8% Biogen Inc (BIIB) Stake Held by Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $233,000 Position in Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Decreases Position in CSX Co. (CSX) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Maintains Stake in Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Stake Decreased by Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC USG Co. (USG) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale AMG National Trust Bank Has $600,000 Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Position Held by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Maintains Stake in SYSCO Co. (SYY) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $3.32 Billion Gerdau SA (GGB) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports G-III Apparel Group (GIII) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Position Boosted by Advisors Asset Management Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Buys 596,224 Shares of SYSCO Co. (SYY) China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Lowers Position in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Buys 945 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Short Interest in PennantPark Investment Corp. (PNNT) Grows By 13.8% May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet PennantPark Investment Corp. (NASDAQ:PNNT) was the target of a significant increase in short interest during the month of May. As of May 15th, there was short interest totalling 236,107 shares, an increase of 13.8% from the April 28th total of 207,427 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 338,339 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 0.7 days. PennantPark Investment Corp. (NASDAQ:PNNT) opened at 7.51 on Friday. PennantPark Investment Corp. has a 12 month low of $6.26 and a 12 month high of $8.68. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $7.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.88. PennantPark Investment Corp. (NASDAQ:PNNT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The asset manager reported $0.23 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $33.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $33.29 million. PennantPark Investment Corp. had a net margin of 51.21% and a return on equity of 10.79%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 13.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.29 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that PennantPark Investment Corp. will post $0.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, Chairman Arthur H. Penn bought 32,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $7.72 per share, with a total value of $247,040.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 183,400 shares in the company, valued at $1,415,848. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Arthur H. Penn bought 17,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $7.77 per share, for a total transaction of $132,090.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 183,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,425,018. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders purchased 77,000 shares of company stock worth $596,970. 1.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. raised its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 58.8% in the fourth quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. now owns 2,869,904 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $21,983,000 after buying an additional 1,062,359 shares during the period. Muzinich & Co. Inc. raised its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 67.2% in the first quarter. Muzinich & Co. Inc. now owns 2,186,589 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $17,799,000 after buying an additional 878,491 shares during the period. LSV Asset Management raised its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 262.0% in the first quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 2,002,986 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $16,304,000 after buying an additional 1,449,656 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 5.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,900,325 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $15,469,000 after buying an additional 101,690 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Group AG raised its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 28.4% in the first quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 1,520,945 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $12,381,000 after buying an additional 336,001 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 35.40% of the company’s stock. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised PennantPark Investment Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services downgraded PennantPark Investment Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $9.00 target price on PennantPark Investment Corp. and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. JMP Securities downgraded PennantPark Investment Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $8.00 target price on shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, PennantPark Investment Corp. currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $7.94. WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/short-interest-in-pennantpark-investment-corp-pnnt-grows-by-13-8.html. About PennantPark Investment Corp. PennantPark Investment Corporation is a closed-end, non-diversified investment company. The Company is a business development company. Its objectives are to generate both current income and capital appreciation while seeking to preserve capital through debt and equity investments primarily made to the United States middle-market companies in the form of senior secured debt, mezzanine debt and equity investments. Receive News & Ratings for PennantPark Investment Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PennantPark Investment Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content BangaloreWeekly Home Business Health Science Technology About The Prudential plc (PRU) Given a GBX 2,000 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG May 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on PRU. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a conviction-buy rating on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 1,450 ($18.86) price target on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. BNP Paribas reiterated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 1,880 ($24.46) price target on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Monday, March 20th. HSBC Holdings plc set a GBX 1,890 ($24.59) price target on Prudential plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,921 ($24.99) target price on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Prudential plc has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 1,827.63 ($23.78). Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 2,000 ($26.02) price target on Prudential plc (LON:PRU) in a report published on Wednesday, May 3rd. The firm currently has a buy rating on the financial services provider’s stock. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th were paid a GBX 30.57 ($0.40) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 30th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.78%. This is an increase from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. In related news, insider John W. Foley sold 22,807 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.63), for a total value of £379,280.41 ($493,404.98). Also, insider Tony Paul Wilkey sold 147,537 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.63), for a total value of £2,453,540.31 ($3,191,804.75). Insiders purchased a total of 32 shares of company stock worth $53,998 in the last 90 days. Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company (Prudential) is a United Kingdom-based international financial services company. The Company offers a range of retail financial products and services and asset management services throughout these territories. The Company operates through Insurance operations and Asset management operations. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily – Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts’ ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with our FREE daily email newsletter. Info: Petro Global News 24 offers an excellent and the most recent financial news and research analysis for Most US stocks and securities. We are one of the best investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from one of the most efficient selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment analysis across various industries and sectors. Our great team is comprised of individuals with great backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our aim is help you with an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions. At Petro Global News 24, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices. Petro Global News 24 is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Petro Global News 24 and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any of the stocks/security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor. Tips: Some good piece of information for you. Do your research: Proper research is a must before you invest in the stock markets. In today's day and age, you have access to a lot of information. From online reports and news to your broker's analysis. Use them and also your own personal calculations before you invest in a company. Invest in simplicity: You should invest in businesses which you understand. If you can understand the annual reports, credit history, and the core business; it's a good bet. Many companies make sudden profits but their core business is quite hard to understand; you shouldn't invest in them. You can't anticipate the future of the firm because their working is so complex. Always invest in companies with simple workings. Spread out: Markets are volatile in nature. You never know when the trend is a rise or a slide. It's prudent to invest in many industries to lower the risk of market fluctuations. If one industry is gloomy, another industry can help stabilise your earnings. Don't time the market: To time the market is to predict the future market price movements. Many have tried and failed. It's unwise to time the market for just like gambling, the house always wins. A wiser thing is to do good research and hold onto your stocks for some time before placing a trade and if you're day trading, trade according to the current trend. Economic growth: Higher economic growth or better prospects for growth will help firms be more profitable because there will be more demand for goods and services. This will help boost company dividends and therefore share prices. Lower interest rates: Lower interest rates can make shares more attractive for two reasons. Lower interest rates help boost economic growth making firms more profitable. Also lower interest rates make shares relatively more attractive than saving money in a bank or holding bonds. If bond yields fall, it may encourage investors to switch into shares which give a relatively better dividend. Stability: Stock markets dislike shocks that could threaten economic stability and future growth. Therefore, they will tend to fall on news of terrorist attacks or spikes in the price of oil. They will also dislike political instability which may make it difficult to pursue strong economic policies. Confidence and expectations: A key factor is the mood of investors. If they receive economic news that gives optimism then they are more likely to buy shares. If they receive bad news they will sell. This is why in the depth of a recession, stock markets can start to rise. Investors are always trying to predict the future. Therefore if they feel the worst is over the stock market can rally ' even when economic fundamentals remain poor. Bandwagon effect: At times the stock market seems to over-react to certain events. For example, in 1987, relatively little bad news caused the stock market to fall 25%. Even today it remains a little mystery why the stock market fell so much ' there was no economic problem. In fact the stock market soon recovered it's lost ground. Part of the issue is that people follow the mood. When prices fall, people may feel the need to follow suit and get out of the market. Related markets: Often investors have choices. For example, rather than investing in stock market, they could buy government bonds or commodities. If investors feel government bonds are overpriced and likely to fall, then the stock market can benefit as people move into shares. Post navigation The Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for RPC, Inc. (RES) Increased by Analyst The Victory Capital Management Inc. Acquires 588,594 Shares of Validus Holdings, Ltd. (VR) Related posts May 29, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 0 The Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE:WM) from a buy rating to a... May 29, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 0 The Flex Pharma Inc (FLKS) Releases Earnings Results Flex Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:FLKS) issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday. The biotechnology company reported ($0.49)... May 29, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 0 The World Asset Management Inc Boosts Stake in Carnival plc (CUK) World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in Carnival plc (NYSE:CUK) by 1.5% during the first... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Recent Posts The Schneider Electric SE (SU.FR) Plans Dividend of $2.22 The Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Rating Reiterated by CLSA The Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €91.00 Price Target The Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Sell Rating for Cummins Inc. (CMI) The Kroger Co (KR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell”
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Derwent London Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) Plc (EOG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Derwent London Plc (DLN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Centamin PLC (CEY) Receives “Hold” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Central Asia Metals Ltd (CAML) Price Target Raised to GBX 290 at Peel Hunt ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Given “Hold” Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Saul Centers (BFS) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Datawatch (DWCH) Stock Price IDT (IDT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds St. James's Place plc’s (STJ) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Dynex Capital Inc (DX) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Health Insurance Innovations (HIIQ) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Marcus Corp (MCS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in American Express Company (AXP) DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.31 EPS MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.28 EPS BTR Capital Management Inc. Has $276,000 Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Meta Financial Group Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CASH) HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. Cut by Analyst (DPS) Derwent London Plc (DLN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC May 27th, 2017 - By Scott Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Derwent London Plc (LON:DLN)‘s stock had its “top pick” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Barclays PLC in a report issued on Wednesday, May 3rd. They presently have a GBX 3,600 ($46.83) price objective on the real estate investment trust’s stock, up from their prior price objective of GBX 3,500 ($45.53). Barclays PLC’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 29.68% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on DLN. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Derwent London Plc to a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 3,250 ($42.28) price target on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Derwent London Plc from GBX 2,257 ($29.36) to GBX 2,500 ($32.52) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 3,200 ($41.63) price target on shares of Derwent London Plc in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Peel Hunt restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 2,900 ($37.73) price target on shares of Derwent London Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 3,141 ($40.86) price target on shares of Derwent London Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 2,887.36 ($37.56). Get Derwent London Plc alerts: Derwent London Plc (LON:DLN) traded down 0.14% during trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 2776.00. The stock had a trading volume of 274,844 shares. Derwent London Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 2,230.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 3,507.80. The firm’s market cap is GBX 3.09 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 2,905.77 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 2,685.35. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a dividend of GBX 90.50 ($1.18) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 3.21%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This is a positive change from Derwent London Plc’s previous dividend of $13.86. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/27/derwent-london-plcs-dln-top-pick-rating-reiterated-at-barclays-plc-updated-updated.html. In other Derwent London Plc news, insider Paul M. Williams sold 2,829 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 2,673 ($34.77), for a total transaction of £75,619.17 ($98,372.80). Derwent London Plc Company Profile Derwent London plc is a United Kingdom-based real estate investment trust (REIT) operating in central London region. The Company owns and manages a portfolio of approximately 6.2 million square feet located in over 15 villages in London’s West End and City borders and focus on middle market rents. The Company’s property portfolio includes investment property, owner-occupied property and trading property. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Derwent London Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London Plc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Getty Images This Trillion-Dollar Investors' Group Is Challenging Australia's All-Male Boardrooms by Emily Cadman @ecadman More stories by Emily Cadman and David Stringer @david_stringer More stories by David Stringer May 28, 2017, 7:57 PM EDT Investor giant ACSI to vote down boards that aren’t diverse Pace of boardroom change has slowed in Australia this year All-male boards take note: your biggest investors have run out of patience. The Australian Council of Superannuation Investors -- whose members have over A$1.5 trillion ($1.1 trillion) of funds under management –- have pledged to vote down boards that aren’t making sufficient progress on gender diversity. “Our assessment is that engagement has failed,’’ ACSI Chief Executive Officer Louise Davidson said by telephone. “We’ve spent a lot of time and provided lots of opportunities for companies to really get their act together. That has not happened. So therefore we fall back to the next lever we’ve got, which is to start voting.’’ Institutional investors globally are increasingly concerned that too many firms are dragging their heels in appointing women -- despite the body of evidence that backs diversity. Companies with strong female leadership made an annual return on equity of 10.1 percent in 2015 versus 7.4 percent for those without, MSCI research shows. A 2016 Credit Suisse Group AG survey of over 3,000 firms found more diverse boards achieved superior stock performance. “Investors holding companies to account for their progress on gender diversity in the boardroom will have a massive impact,” said Allyson Zimmermann, Zurich-based executive director at Catalyst Europe, a global organization focused on workplace inclusion. “We’re seeing that shareholders and investors are increasingly focused on the risk of not having a gender diverse board.” 30% Target In Australia -- as with other countries including the U.S. and the U.K. -- the pace of change has slowed. While women hold 25 percent of board positions, up from 8.3 percent in 2009, three males have been appointed for every female so far this year, according to the 30% Club. The group aims to reach its 30 percent target next year. Patricia Cross, head of the Australian chapter of the 30% Club, is “deeply concerned” by the decreased appointment rate: “I think it’s time for these beneficial owners, what I’d call the ‘real’ owners, to begin to flex their muscle in the diversity agenda,” she said by email. ACSI is taking up that call. Come this annual general meeting season, the superannuation group will start recommending its members vote against the reelection of incumbent directors –- starting with the chairman –- of ASX 200 companies which still have no women on their boards. While ACSI members’ ownership of ASX 200 companies isn’t sufficient on its own to unseat a director, its enough to send a “very strong” message, said Davidson. “Hopefully it will set some precedents.’’ ‘Fearless Girl’ The action echoes similar moves in the U.S., where State Street Corp. in March said it would begin voting against boards that are not taking “concrete steps’’ to improve gender diversity. The Boston-based fund manager also erected the statue of a “fearless girl” staring down Wall Street’s famous charging bull to draw attention to the lack of corporate diversity. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The benefits of female directors are clear. Financial services companies that support disclosure and best-in-class gender equality practices gained 6.7 percent year to date, as measured by the Bloomberg Financial Services Gender-Equality Index. The benchmark, which tracked the performance of companies such as Citigroup Inc., BNP Paribas SA and JPMorgan Chase & Co., more than quadruples the 1.3 percent posted by companies in the S&P 500 Financials Index in the same period. Dean Paatsch, co-founder of proxy voting advisory service Ownership Matters, said the initiative was already having an impact by shedding light on the appointment process and making firms explain male-only boards. “It’s got some grunt behind it,’’ he said. There are currently 12 ASX 200 companies that would be potential targets for ACSI, including Evolution Mining Ltd. and Resolute Mining Ltd. Resolute, with gold operations in Australia and Africa, said in November it’s seeking to appoint new directors and has begun a process to find a new chairman. The company “will make those appointments on merit, and part of assessing merit is recognizing the value that diversity in all senses brings to the board table,” Chief Executive Officer John Welborn said by phone from Perth. “It’s entirely appropriate for ACSI to not only get behind a subject like gender diversity, but to make it clear that they are serious and intend to act on it.” Evolution’s Executive Chairman Jake Klein said by email that “in many ways, we already have a diverse board but do recognize the need to add gender diversity. A process to do that has started and we expect to appoint a new non-executive director later this year.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Thailand to Take on Singapore With $5.7 Billion Airport Overhaul BMW to Stop Production in China, South Africa on Shortage London Chaos Lingers as British Airways Revives Computers The Great Aussie Recession-Free Run Is Looking Shaky Once Again Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home India news State finances: If GST successful, demonetisation effect wears off, optimism of RBI report will be borne out State finances: If GST successful, demonetisation effect wears off, optimism of RBI report will be borne out If GST is as successful as is hoped, and if the demonetisation shock also wears off quickly, it is possible that the relative optimism of the RBI report will be borne out. By: Nirvikar Singh | Published: May 29, 2017 6:12 AM We should worry more about the quality of government spending, and our lack of understanding of the processes that truly drive Indian economic growth. (Image: PTI) India’s government has an interesting position in the nation’s economy and society. On the one hand, the government seems to be a dominant presence in public discourse and daily lives. At the same time, it is curiously dysfunctional, and sometimes absent when needed most. These characteristics should be kept in mind when considering the country’s public finances, which have been very much in the news. Recent news triggers have been the report of the NK Singh’s The Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (FRBM) Committee, which reviewed India’s rules for fiscal responsibility, and RBI’s annual report on state government finances. Numerous stories have appeared in the press, the topic even attracting the interest of The Economist magazine, presumably popular reading among foreign investors seeking signals of India’s economic health. In fact, the current RBI Governor Urjit Patel was a member of the NK Singh committee, and in January had raised alarm bells about India’s government debt-to-GDP ratio. Ratings agencies and investment banks have also had the same cautionary tone. What are the issues? The NK Singh committee focused, as was its charge, on the fiscal consolidation path of the central government deficit, along with the overall government debt-to-GDP ratio. The chief economic adviser of the government, also a committee member, had some dissents, and there was a back-and-forth on the relative merits of targeting fiscal deficit versus the primary deficit (which excludes interest payments), the optimal path to follow in reducing the deficit, and what the optimal debt-to-GDP ratio should be. As laid out by Pronab Sen in Ideas for India (http://ideasforindia.in/article.aspx?article=When-windmills-tilt:-The-FRBM-debate), the Fiscal responsibility and budget management committee report did not provide neither theoretical nor policy clarity and completeness. Aside from which targets to choose and how to get there, issues of how to handle business cycles and unanticipated economic shocks remain muddy. Unlike this debate’s focus on the central government, others have called attention to a deterioration in state government finances. Sub-national government deficits were a huge concern for India in the early years of the millennium, and the experience of countries such as Argentina and Brazil was a stark warning of the dangers of “soft budget constraints” for state governments. At that time, India successfully pushed fiscal responsibility rules for the states as well as the centre, although it is unclear how much the rules mattered relative to favourable economic conditions. In any case, focusing only on the central government’s finances while the states are increasing their deficits cannot be optimal. How bad are state government finances? Certainly, nowhere near as bad as they were over a decade ago. The central bank report on state government finances notes an increase in the states’ debt burden, but concludes that “the overall fiscal position is found to be sustainable in the long run.” Others are less sanguine, including Toshi Jain and Sajjid Chinoy of JP Morgan Chase, whose report is a major driver of The Economist story. They worry about “monotonically rising” state debt-to-GDP, with the “risk of it turning explosive.” Interestingly, they are as careful as the reserve bank to strip out the impacts of the Ujwal Discom Assurance Yojana (UDAY) scheme, which brings state distcom debt on to the governments’ budgets, and they are clearer in recognising that this is just a one-time recognition of liabilities, and not an increase (since the state electricity distribution companies had implicit guarantees of their debts). They also point out that the problem of increased state borrowing and deficits predates the demonetisation shock, although the latter made things much worse, hitting various revenue sources. The JP Morgan study provides a nice complement to the NK Singh committee report, by discussing fiscal consolidation road maps for the states. You might also want to see this: What is to be done? The justification for fiscal consolidation is to avoid unsustainable debt paths, and crowding-out of private investment, domestic as well as foreign. At the same time, the quality of government expenditure—the starting point of this column—matters, as many have recognised. Saugata Bhattacharya, chief economist at Axis Bank, recently said, “If borrowed funds aren’t being spent on productivity, then there’s a problem.” This issue is a perennial problem for governments everywhere. Surprisingly, we lack good models or estimates of trade-offs that could help shape fiscal consolidation rules for the centre and the states. One policy reform that can be tackled more easily than that of improving government expenditure quality is highlighted in the JP Morgan report—the states can now borrow on the market, but the nature of implicit guarantees means that the interest rates they pay have little relation to default risk. Changing this requires better-functioning bond markets and harder budget constraints. The latter requires extending the approach of the fourteenth finance commission, further moving away from discretionary centre-state transfers. The big unknown in all this is the impact of the introduction of GST. If that is as successful as is hoped, and if the demonetisation shock also wears off quickly, it is possible that the relative optimism of the RBI report on state government finances (though not quite in line with the Governor’s concerns) will be borne out. Meanwhile, we can worry a little bit about fiscal deficits, but maybe we should worry more about the quality of government spending, and our lack of understanding of the processes that truly drive Indian economic growth. Authore is the Professor of economics, University of California, Santa Cruz. Views are personal. No Comments. Don't Miss Air India sell off: What has Arun Jaitley’s privatisation plan got to do with your children? PM Narendra Modi four nations tour: 10 things India can expect from his visit to Germany, Russia, Spain and France NPA crisis: Another year of woes in offing as ageing bad loans drag down banks' profits Yogi Adityanath ruling: No suspension, direct dismissal for non-performing officials in Uttar Pradesh Flipkart kicks off Summer Shopping days sale with upto 80 percent discounts; find out the top offers Rampur molestation: 2 more accused arrested in UP after 14 men molest 2 women, post video on social media PM Narendra Modi leaves for four-nation tour to Germany, Spain, Russia, France PM Narendra Modi's Ujjwala Yojana makes rapid progress; here's what you really must know Reliance Communication shares tank 20% on weak Q4 results and debt woes After Noida Authority names and shames defaulting builders, CREDAI says payment matter under litigation Business Gallery Sri Lanka floods: Indian Navy’s INS Kirch reaches for rescue operations; take a look Dhola-Sadiya bridge images: Indian Army’s powerful tanks can roll on it! All about India’s longest river bridge Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Indian cricket team attends screening, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, others have gala time; check pics Britain on high alert: UK raises threat level to maximum after terror attack; take a look PM Narendra Modi brings Narmada water to parched Kutch; here’s how Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News खुले आम गोवंश को मार कर मीट बांटने के आरोपी कार्यकर्ताओं को कांग्रेस ने क‍िया सस्‍पेंड, केस भी हुआ दर्ज बैन के बावजूद प. बंगाल के मंत्री अरुप बिसवास ने लगाई लाल बत्ती, कहा- हमारी सरकार ने अभी नहीं लगाई रोक 24 घंटों में और विकराल होगा 'मोरा' तूफान, बंगाल-उत्तर पूर्वी हिस्सों में लाएगा भीषण बारिश Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” → New $80M Anti-Trump Network Spearheaded by Soros-Funded Org With Former ACORN Employees Posted on May 28, 2017 by Misty The Washington Free Beacon – by Joe Schoffstall A new $80 million anti-Trump network is being led by an organization whose top funder is liberal billionaire George Soros and which employs former members of the controversial and now-defunct Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN). The Center for Popular Democracy Action Fund, the 501(c)(4) sister organization of the Center for Popular Democracy (CPD), a New York-based nonprofit that receives the bulk of its funding from George Soros, announced at their spring gala Tuesday that they will be heading up the new $80 million anti-Trump network that will span 32 states and have 48 local partners, CNN reported.   The network will seek to mobilize new voters and fight voter identification laws. It will also focus on gerrymandering and automatic voter registration programs with an eye on the 2018 and 2020 election cycles. Rep. Keith Ellison (D., Minn.), the deputy chair of the Democratic National Committee, backed the new effort. “This national network, led by working class people of color and immigrants, will supply the power and the fight we need to resist the Trump administration’s all-out assault on American values,” Ellison told CNN. “I look forward to standing with CPD Action’s leaders in the streets and in Congress to win real progressive change.” The Center for Popular Democracy, which was founded in 2012, consists of old chapters of ACORN, the community-organizing group that was forced to close after being stripped of its federal funds following controversy in 2010. Andrew Friedman, a co-executive director at the Center for Popular Democracy, co-founded Make the Road New York, a Latino immigrant group that has worked alongside CPD on a number of anti-Trump campaigns. Friedman serves on the board of Make the Road New York (MRNY) and Make the Road Action Fund, which are closely linked to CPD and contain many overlapping staffers. Others in leadership roles at CPD have come directly from ACORN. Brian Kettenring, the other co-executive director of the CPD, was an organizer for ACORN from 1995 to 2010. Steve Kest, a senior advisor at CPD, worked for ACORN for 35 years and served as its national executive director. Christina Livingston, a board member of CPD, is the executive director of the Alliance for Californians for Community Empowerment. Livingston previously organized for ACORN out of Los Angeles. Steve Dooley, the director of partnerships at CPD, began his career at ACORN in D.C. Dooley later directed ACORN’s offices in the Dallas/Fort Worth area. Greg Basta, the director of sustainability initiatives at CPD, worked as the statewide canvass director for the New York ACORN for five years. Basta was a founding staff member of New York Communities for Change (NYCC), an ACORN offshoot that was founded in 2010. The groups, which have combined to receive millions in funding from George Soros, funnel money to each other. From 2012 to 2014, New York Communities for Change provided $81,700 to the Center for Popular Democracy, according to the group’s Form 990s up to 2014, the last available year. NYCC also passed $358,533 to the Make the Road New York Action Fund during this time. The Center for Popular Democracy gave New York Communities for Change $406,667 between 2012 and 2014. CPD additionally gave Make the Road New York $173,955. CPD’s Action Fund added another $100,000 to New York Communities for Change. The Center for Popular Democracy did not respond to inquiries on the new $80 million anti-Trump network. New York Communities for Change and Make the Road New York also did not return requests for comment. CPD and MRNY have been extremely active in the anti-Trump arena, using protests and pressure campaigns. The two groups recently “partnered” on a “Corporate Backers of Hate” campaign that targeted JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, Boeing, Disney, IMB, Uber, Blackrock, and Blackstone, corporations they say could profit from President Trump’s policies. The “mass lobbying” campaign consists of directly pressuring higher ups at each company through emails and has been called “unprecedented” by corporate responsibility experts. Make the Road was also reported to have organized the “spontaneous” protests at New York’s JFK Airport following Trump’s Muslim travel ban. However, it was later discovered that the protests had been planned since the day after the presidential election. Uber, which had continued to pick up passengers from the airport during the event, found themselves in the center of the #DeleteUber pressure campaign following the protests. The CEO of Uber, Travis Kalanick, later stepped down from Trump’s advisory council. The group is also behind the #GrabYourWallet campaign, which targets retailers for carrying Trump family products. Nordstrom ultimately pulled Ivanka Trump’s products, although the store had claimed they had dropped her brand due to declining sales. The Center for Popular Democracy’s new multi-million dollar network falls in line with a number of major liberal groups who have reorganized to fight back against voter laws following Donald Trump’s victory. Demos, a New York City-based progressive public policy group chaired by Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s (D., Mass.) daughter, has been assisting unions in pushing back against election lawsuits in number of states after counties had failed to properly maintain their voter rolls. Demos received hundreds of thousands in funding from Soros’ groups. Marc Elias, Hillary Clinton’s former top campaign lawyer, recently joined the board of Priorities USA Action, a major Democratic super PAC that received $9.5 million from Soros during the 2016 election cycle. Elias was tapped as the group shifts its focus on pushing back against state-level Republican efforts on voting laws. Every Citizen Counts, a nonprofit founded by Clinton allies focused on mobilizing African American and Latino voters, was absorbed into Priorities USA. Elias will spearhead challenges against state voting laws from the organization’s nonprofit arm, which is building a national database to be a “one-stop inventory of restrictive voting measures” that they will share with other progressive groups. Elias previously engaged in a multi-state effort to overturn voter ID laws leading up to the 2016 presidential election. The challenges were backed by millions of dollars from Soros. Soros has a goal of enlarging the electorate by 10 million voters by 2018, the Washington Free Beacon discovered after a trove of hacked Soros documents were released last year by DC Leaks. The plan to grow the electorate by millions of voters and combating “suppression” was listed as a top priority in a 220-page guide from his Open Society Foundations. “The Open Society Foundations supports efforts to encourage wider participation in U.S. elections, and opposes measures used to try to suppress voter participation,” a spokesman from the Open Society Foundations told the Free Beacon at the time. http://freebeacon.com/issues/soros-funded-anti-trump-network-has-acorn-ties/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 520 ← U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” → One Response to New $80M Anti-Trump Network Spearheaded by Soros-Funded Org With Former ACORN Employees Katie says: May 28, 2017 at 4:27 pm I’m anti Trump too! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Misty on U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In Misty on Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” KOYOTE(ILLEGAL LAW IS A FORM OF BLASPHEMY) on 8 Dead, Including Deputy Sheriff, After Mississippi Shooting; Suspect in Custody Ned Ryerson on Mystery ensues after federal prosecutor found dead in Florida Hal Apeeno on Zbigniew Brzezinski, Carter’s national security adviser, dies at 89 Hal Apeeno on Zbigniew Brzezinski, Carter’s national security adviser, dies at 89 The Ronz on Zbigniew Brzezinski, Carter’s national security adviser, dies at 89 Katie on U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In Sunfire on U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In Katie on New $80M Anti-Trump Network Spearheaded by Soros-Funded Org With Former ACORN Employees Katie on U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In BMF on Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” Enemy of the State on Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” NC on Jim Bunning, Hall of Fame pitcher and US senator, dead at 85 Koorz on Manchester, Berlin, Paris, Nice, London, New York: Passports And IDs Mysteriously Discovered In The Wake Of Terror Attacks Ed teach on Zbigniew Brzezinski, Carter’s national security adviser, dies at 89 flee on 8th-grader barred from giving graduation speech over Bible verses. So he does the next best thing. DL. on 8th-grader barred from giving graduation speech over Bible verses. So he does the next best thing. mosquitohawk on 8th-grader barred from giving graduation speech over Bible verses. So he does the next best thing. Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Research Events Publications Commentary Store Support About Cato Blog Our Experts Our Centers Facebook Twitter Search form Search this site Why Some Firms Thrive While Others Fail: Governance and Management Lessons from the Crisis (Oxford University Press, 2012) Share Tweet Like Submit Plus Book Forum October 18, 2012 12:00PM to 1:00PM EDT Hayek Auditorium Featuring Thomas Stanton, Fellow, Center for the Study of American Government, the Johns Hopkins University, and Former Staff, Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission; with comments by Alex Pollock, Fellow, American Enterprise Institute; moderated by Mark Calabria, Director, Financial Regulation Studies, Cato Institute. Purchase BookThe financial crisis revealed fundamental shortcomings in both public and private American institutions. While the firms that were successful each found their own way to weather the crisis, unsuccessful firms were remarkably alike in their inability to cope and in the mistakes they made. Combing through the wreckage, Thomas Stanton examines which financial firms survived the crisis and which ones failed. He analyzes how differences in governance, organization, and management between these firms led to their success or failure, and how government supervision and regulation failed to prevent the crisis. Based on interviews that the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission conducted with CEOs, risk officers, traders, and others at major financial firms, Stanton systematically outlines how successful firms such as JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, and others used a multitude of approaches to distinguish themselves in operational competence and intelligent discipline, while unsuccessful firms such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Countrywide uniformly failed to prepare for low-probability, high-impact events. Watch the Event in QuickTime (M4V) Download a Podcast of the Event (MP3) This work by Cato Institute is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Sign Up Receive periodic updates on Cato research, events, and publications. See our full list of email newsletters Also from Cato Internships and Student Programs DownsizingGovernment.org Libertarianism.org HumanProgress.org Cato Unbound PoliceMisconduct.net Freedom in the 50 States Overlawyered ElCato.org Alt-M Social Media Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Tumblr RSS Cato Institute 1000 Massachusetts Ave, NW Washington, DC 20001-5403 Phone (202) 842 0200 Contact Us Media Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sempra Energy (SRE) Receives $117.69 Average Price Target from Analysts Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Stake Maintained by RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC CORDA Investment Management LLC. Acquires 46,875 Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Unilever NV (UN) Position Lowered by Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Position Held by Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. 3,400 Shares in HCP, Inc. (HCP) Acquired by Founders Capital Management Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Shares Bought by Independent Advisor Alliance Infrastructure Capital Advisors LLC Takes Position in Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) 1st Global Advisors Inc. Has $998,000 Stake in Unilever NV (UN) 1st Global Advisors Inc. Buys 88 Shares of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Sells 734 Shares of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Expedia Inc (EXPE) Shares Bought by Fagan Associates Inc. Beacon Trust Co. Purchases New Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Shares Sold by Martingale Asset Management L P Martingale Asset Management L P Cuts Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) MITIE Group PLC (MITFY) Receives Average Rating of “Sell” from Analysts DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Progressive Corp (PGR) Position Cut by RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC 39,969 Shares in Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Acquired by Martingale Asset Management L P Great Lakes Advisors LLC Sells 1,051 Shares of Realty Income Corp (O) CORDA Investment Management LLC. Acquires 46,875 Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CORDA Investment Management LLC. increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) by 7.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 662,097 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock after buying an additional 46,875 shares during the period. Vodafone Group Plc accounts for about 2.6% of CORDA Investment Management LLC.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. CORDA Investment Management LLC.’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $17,499,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in VOD. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. raised its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 68.6% in the first quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 3,862 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 1,571 shares during the period. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $112,000. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. raised its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 4.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 4,956 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Washington Trust Bank raised its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 26.2% in the first quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 5,011 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 1,040 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2,240.9% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 136,100 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 130,286 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 9.59% of the company’s stock. Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded up 0.23% on Friday, hitting $29.98. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 7,251,414 shares. The firm’s market cap is $83.86 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of $27.13 and a 200 day moving average of $25.90. Vodafone Group Plc has a 1-year low of $24.17 and a 1-year high of $34.70. The business also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a dividend of $1.1234 per share. This represents a dividend yield of 7.74%. This is a boost from Vodafone Group Plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.56. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/corda-investment-management-llc-acquires-46875-shares-of-vodafone-group-plc-vod.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Barclays PLC lowered Vodafone Group Plc from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Zacks Investment Research raised Vodafone Group Plc from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $32.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Vodafone Group Plc has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $30.76. Vodafone Group Plc Company Profile Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Sells 734 Shares of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Expedia Inc (EXPE) Shares Bought by Fagan Associates Inc. Beacon Trust Co. Purchases New Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Shares Sold by Martingale Asset Management L P Martingale Asset Management L P Cuts Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) MITIE Group PLC (MITFY) Receives Average Rating of “Sell” from Analysts DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Progressive Corp (PGR) Position Cut by RidgeWorth Capital Management LLC 39,969 Shares in Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Acquired by Martingale Asset Management L P Great Lakes Advisors LLC Sells 1,051 Shares of Realty Income Corp (O) Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts City Holding Company (CHCO) Stake Raised by Martingale Asset Management L P Martingale Asset Management L P Sells 722 Shares of Edison International (EIX) Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Position Cut by Martingale Asset Management L P Randgold Resources Ltd. (GOLD) Receives $100.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Share Price Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Shares Bought by Martingale Asset Management L P Groesbeck Investment Management Corp NJ Has $523,000 Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Saga Communications (SGA) Share Price Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Receives $86.25 Average Target Price from Brokerages Beacon Trust Co. Purchases New Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Beacon Trust Co. acquired a new stake in Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 9,795 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock, valued at approximately $249,000. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 7.0% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 23,474,587 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $684,284,000 after buying an additional 1,526,590 shares during the period. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 31.0% in the fourth quarter. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC now owns 16,251,160 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $397,016,000 after buying an additional 3,848,108 shares during the period. Fisher Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Vodafone Group Plc during the first quarter valued at $328,285,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 60.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 8,392,856 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $205,037,000 after buying an additional 3,173,700 shares during the period. Finally, Sound Shore Management Inc. CT boosted its position in Vodafone Group Plc by 8.9% in the first quarter. Sound Shore Management Inc. CT now owns 6,620,681 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $174,985,000 after buying an additional 540,617 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 9.59% of the company’s stock. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded up 0.23% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $29.98. 7,251,414 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Vodafone Group Plc has a 12 month low of $24.17 and a 12 month high of $34.70. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $27.13 and a 200-day moving average of $25.90. The firm’s market cap is $83.86 billion. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be paid a dividend of $1.1234 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a dividend yield of 7.74%. This is an increase from Vodafone Group Plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.56. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Beacon Trust Co. Purchases New Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/beacon-trust-co-purchases-new-position-in-vodafone-group-plc-vod.html. Several research analysts recently weighed in on VOD shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC cut shares of Vodafone Group Plc from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.76. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology British Land Company PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for British Land Company PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) to Hold Comcast Co. (CMCSA) PT Raised to $45.00 at Credit Suisse Group AG British Land Company PLC (BLND) Declares Dividend of GBX 7.30 Wincanton plc (WIN) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.10 Per Share Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Director Stuart A. Miller Purchases 100,000 Shares Insider Buying: TOC Property Backed Lending Trust PLC (PBLT) Insider Buys 9,000 Shares of Stock Insider Buying: Henry Boot plc (BOOT) Insider Buys 3,750 Shares of Stock Joel Linzner Sells 10,000 Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock Netlist, Inc. Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share (NLST) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AEM) Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trst (D.UN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 29th Brokers Issue Forecasts for CONSOL Energy Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CNX) Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Receives News Impact Score of -0.02 Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (SDPI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.07 EPS Canandaigua National Bank & Trust Co. Sells 40 Shares of PG&E Co. (PCG) Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Has $705,000 Position in Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Berenberg Bank Edap Tms SA (EDAP) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Summit Midstream Partners LP (SMLP) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research British Land Company PLC (BLND) Declares Dividend of GBX 7.30 May 28th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND) announced a dividend on Wednesday, May 17th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be paid a dividend of GBX 7.30 ($0.09) per share on Friday, August 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.08%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. The official announcement can be seen at this link. Shares of British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND) traded up 0.08% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 631.50. The company had a trading volume of 4,577,610 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 6.50 billion. British Land Company PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 499.96 and a 1-year high of GBX 773.35. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 653.43 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 619.82. Get British Land Company PLC alerts: TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “British Land Company PLC (BLND) Declares Dividend of GBX 7.30” was first reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/28/british-land-company-plc-blnd-announces-gbx-7-30-dividend-updated.html. In other British Land Company PLC news, insider Lucinda Bell purchased 6,845 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 26th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 633 ($8.23) per share, for a total transaction of £43,328.85 ($56,366.40). Also, insider Tim Score purchased 2,999 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 601 ($7.82) per share, with a total value of £18,023.99 ($23,447.37). In the last 90 days, insiders bought 14,514 shares of company stock valued at $9,045,973. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on BLND shares. BNP Paribas raised shares of British Land Company PLC to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the company from GBX 700 ($9.11) to GBX 730 ($9.50) in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 770 ($10.02) price target on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “reduce” rating and issued a GBX 558 ($7.26) price target on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their target price on shares of British Land Company PLC from GBX 707 ($9.20) to GBX 725 ($9.43) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.50) target price on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 669.47 ($8.71). British Land Company PLC Company Profile The British Land Company PLC is a real estate company. The Company owns, manages, develops and finances a portfolio of commercial properties focused on retail locations around the United Kingdom and London offices. It creates and operates places for people to work, shop and live in. Its segments are Offices and residential, Retail and leisure, Canada Water and Other/unallocated. Receive News & Stock Ratings for British Land Company PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for British Land Company PLC and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Teekay LNG Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Traders Buy Large Volume of Herbalife Put Options (HLF) $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) This Quarter Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.37 Per Share FibroGen Inc (FGEN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.48 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) Will Post Earnings of $0.52 Per Share $134.75 Million in Sales Expected for LendingClub Corp (LC) This Quarter Eagle Asset Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 275,190 Rev Group Inc (REVG) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Has $959,000 Stake in Xerox Corp (XRX) PPL Corp (PPL) Stake Decreased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Kyocera Corp (KYO) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $15.632 Million Stake in EQT Co. (EQT) Exelon Co. (EXC) Shares Bought by Toronto Dominion Bank PPL Corp (PPL) Position Maintained by Omnia Family Wealth LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Stake in Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) PPL Corp (PPL) Shares Bought by Sawtooth Solutions LLC Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Kansas City Southern (KSU) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Splunk Inc (SPLK) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC CME Group (CME) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) This Quarter May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages forecast that Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (NYSE:TGP) will announce earnings of $0.29 per share for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have provided estimates for Teekay LNG Partners L.P.’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.17 and the highest is $0.35. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. posted earnings per share of $0.66 during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 56.1%. The firm is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, August 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Teekay LNG Partners L.P. will report full-year earnings of $1.16 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.72 to $1.41. For the next year, analysts forecast that the company will report earnings of $1.72 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.67 to $2.32. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for Teekay LNG Partners L.P.. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (NYSE:TGP) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The shipping company reported $0.22 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.14. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 10.44% and a net margin of 33.35%. The business had revenue of $101.18 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $104.31 million. A number of brokerages have weighed in on TGP. TheStreet upgraded shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. ValuEngine cut shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $14.00 price objective on shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $16.30. Shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (NYSE:TGP) remained flat at $16.45 during midday trading on Thursday. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 152,073 shares. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. has a 12-month low of $9.47 and a 12-month high of $19.90. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $16.65 and its 200-day moving average is $16.56. The company has a market cap of $1.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 6.66 and a beta of 1.15. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th were issued a $0.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.40%. Teekay LNG Partners L.P.’s payout ratio is 35.44%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “$0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) This Quarter” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/0-29-earnings-per-share-expected-for-teekay-lng-partners-l-p-tgp-this-quarter.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in TGP. OppenheimerFunds Inc. raised its stake in shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. by 2.1% in the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 5,011,817 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $87,958,000 after buying an additional 105,400 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. by 29.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,656,007 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $40,186,000 after buying an additional 611,989 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. by 63.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,205,542 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $38,707,000 after buying an additional 857,458 shares during the last quarter. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. by 50.4% in the first quarter. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. now owns 1,189,643 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $20,878,000 after buying an additional 398,691 shares during the last quarter. Finally, UBS Group AG raised its stake in shares of Teekay LNG Partners L.P. by 9.3% in the first quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 645,163 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $11,323,000 after buying an additional 54,801 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 42.85% of the company’s stock. About Teekay LNG Partners L.P. Teekay LNG Partners L.P. is an international provider of marine transportation services for liquefied natural gas (LNG), liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and crude oil. The Company’s fleet, excluding newbuildings, consists of approximately 30 LNG carriers (including the six MALT LNG Carriers, four RasGas 3 LNG Carriers, four Angola LNG Carriers and two Exmar LNG Carriers), over 20 LPG carriers (including 20 Exmar LPG Carriers), approximately seven Suezmax-class crude oil tankers and a Handymax product tanker, all of which are double-hulled. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Norfolk Southern Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Norfolk Southern Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canadian National Railway’s (CNI) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Intuit Inc. (INTU) Earns Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Splunk Inc (SPLK) Receives Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Brokerages Anticipate Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) Will Post Earnings of $0.78 Per Share Traders Buy Large Volume of Herbalife Put Options (HLF) $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) This Quarter Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.37 Per Share FibroGen Inc (FGEN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.48 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) Will Post Earnings of $0.52 Per Share $134.75 Million in Sales Expected for LendingClub Corp (LC) This Quarter Eagle Asset Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 275,190 Rev Group Inc (REVG) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Has $959,000 Stake in Xerox Corp (XRX) PPL Corp (PPL) Stake Decreased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Kyocera Corp (KYO) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $15.632 Million Stake in EQT Co. (EQT) Exelon Co. (EXC) Shares Bought by Toronto Dominion Bank PPL Corp (PPL) Position Maintained by Omnia Family Wealth LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Cuts Stake in Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) PPL Corp (PPL) Shares Bought by Sawtooth Solutions LLC Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG restated their outperform rating on shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. (NYSE:NSC) in a report published on Sunday. The firm currently has a $133.00 price objective on the railroad operator’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on NSC. Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They issued an outperform rating for the company. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. from $126.00 to $132.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. TD Securities reiterated a hold rating on shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $132.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. from $114.00 to $122.00 and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Norfolk Southern Corp. currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $106.06. Shares of Norfolk Southern Corp. (NYSE:NSC) traded up 2.14% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $122.33. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,747,533 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $115.90 and a 200 day moving average of $113.53. The firm has a market capitalization of $35.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.04 and a beta of 1.24. Norfolk Southern Corp. has a 12-month low of $78.73 and a 12-month high of $125.00. Norfolk Southern Corp. (NYSE:NSC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The railroad operator reported $1.48 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.36 by $0.12. The business had revenue of $2.58 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.55 billion. Norfolk Southern Corp. had a net margin of 16.87% and a return on equity of 13.53%. The company’s revenue was up 6.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.29 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Norfolk Southern Corp. will post $6.34 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/norfolk-southern-corp-nsc-earns-outperform-rating-from-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, June 10th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be paid a $0.61 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $2.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.99%. Norfolk Southern Corp.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.42%. In other news, VP Thomas E. Hurlbut sold 571 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $117.66, for a total value of $67,183.86. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 6,529 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $768,202.14. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, VP Thomas E. Hurlbut sold 1,427 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $116.92, for a total transaction of $166,844.84. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 5,102 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $596,525.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 11,445 shares of company stock valued at $1,363,323. Corporate insiders own 0.66% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. by 3,039.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 19,551,432 shares of the railroad operator’s stock valued at $2,189,172,000 after buying an additional 18,928,598 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. by 2.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,960,797 shares of the railroad operator’s stock valued at $1,451,226,000 after buying an additional 281,088 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. by 41.7% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,524,109 shares of the railroad operator’s stock valued at $813,130,000 after buying an additional 2,213,744 shares during the period. Alliancebernstein L.P. boosted its stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. by 936.1% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 5,378,457 shares of the railroad operator’s stock valued at $602,226,000 after buying an additional 4,859,355 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. by 31.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,209,269 shares of the railroad operator’s stock valued at $471,313,000 after buying an additional 1,016,319 shares during the period. 70.02% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Norfolk Southern Corp. Norfolk Southern Corporation is a holding company engaged in the rail transportation business. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated approximately 19,500 miles of road primarily in the East and Midwest. The Company is engaged in the rail transportation of raw materials, intermediate products and finished goods primarily in the Southeast, East and Midwest. Receive News & Ratings for Norfolk Southern Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Norfolk Southern Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   DINING GUIDE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   e-Edition   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other May 29, 2017 In the Courts The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 10:00 AM, Sunday, May 28 2017 | 336 views | 0  | 0   |  |  Felonies David Gibbons, Fifth Judicial District prosecuting attorney, filed the following criminal charges in Pope County Circuit Court from May 19-25: Steven Reed of Russellville -- Breaking and entering. Jake E. Harris -- Breaking and entering. Justin R. Dowdell -- Breaking and entering. Jenna Nicole Dixon -- Possession of controlled substances. Odis Michael Hinman -- Possession of controlled substances. Natalie V. Oswald -- Possession of a controlled substance and drug paraphernalia. Trent James Mosley -- Breaking and entering and theft of property credit/debit card or account number. Nicole C. Garner Sanders -- Possession of a firearm certain persons. William Randall Dykes -- Possession of controlled substances and aggravated assault. Jonathan T. Stone -- Possession of controlled substances. Chanda A. Wells -- Drug paraphernalia. Kevin Joe Williams -- Robbery and possession of controlled substances. Ricky T. Metcalf -- Possession of controlled substances. Dusty Michael Zay -- Theft by receiving- firearms value <\ $ 2,500 ( 8/16/2013 or thereafter). Aryn Fields of Fay -- Theft by receiving- credit or debit card or account number. Jacob Dewell Jenkins -- Two counts of breaking and entering and one count of theft of property value >$ 1,000 but = <\ $5,000. Bennie William Taylor -- Breaking and entering. Michael Jerome Rhodes -- Drug paraphernalia. Christopher E. Scott -- sex offender failing to register (offense date July 12, 2006 or thereafter). James Shawn Brannon -- Possession of a firearm certain persons. Rachel E. Bye -- Possession of controlled substances and theft of property <\=$1,000. Ashley Lynn Poirer -- Possession of controlled substances and drug paraphernalia. William L. Hawks -- Possession of controlled substances and drug paraphernalia. Civil cases The following civil cases were filed May 19-25: State of Arkansas vs. $1,060 U.S. Currency 2016 Ford Fusion Vin No. 3FA6POH75GR197769. Housing Authority of the city of Russellville vs. Amanda McCain and John and Jane Does 1-3. Cach LLC. vs Carla Boatright. Ally Financial Inc. vs. Darrell Barnes. Discover Bank vs. Joseph Hamilton. Apollo Investments LLC vs John D. Keller and Bernie L. Keller. Joshua Nichols vs. Anthony Kauffman. Calvary SPV I, LLC.vs. James Simmons. Calvary SPV I, LLC. vs. Richard Barnes. Discover Bank vs. Brenda Johnson. Credit acceptance corporation vs. Dondie Allen 4338 Frankfort Ave., Russellville 72802. Sharon Riley vs. Michael Parish and Helen Rick. J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, National association vs. Anthony Harrison or Salena Harrison and/or occupants of 90 Art Lane, Russellville, Ar 72802. Marriages Pope County Clerk Laura McGuire issued marriage licenses to the following couples from May 19-25: Waylon Cole Stubblefield, 24, and Shaina Dawn Lewis, 23, both of Russellville. Jimmy Glen Smith, 49, and Rhonda Rochelle McKown, 45, both of Russellville. Justin Patrick Robertson, 27, and Kristen Leann Horn, 22, both of Pottsville. Gabriel Arroyo Russell, 19, of Hope, and Shayla Bryce Kinder, 18, of Russellville. Jesse Adam Dakota Johnson, 28, and Ashley Rene Price, 25, both of Russellville. Jeremy Kyle Vandergrift, 34, and Cortnee Summer Trammell, 22, both of Russellville. Kenneth Mahon Jr., 46, and Elizabeth Ann Williams, 41, both of Russellville. Justin Ryan Hardesty, 34, of London, Wendy Lynn Sweeney, 44, of Harrison. Divorces These finalized and decreed divorces were issued May 19-25: Kevin Jones vs. Laura Jones. Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | similar stories In the Courts | 14 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. State high court recognizes ATU students, professors | 19 days ago by FOR THE COURIER The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Ark. judge backs order finding city set highway speed traps | 10 days ago by The Associated Press Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Report: Officer inadequately trained part-time officers | 4 days ago by The Associated Press Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Arkansas death row inmate loses petition at US Supreme Court | 26 days ago by The Associated Press Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 580 Shares of Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Texas Permanent School Fund Has $2.46 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Beach Investment Counsel Inc. PA Maintains Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Raised by Commerce Bank Commerce Bank Purchases 3,624 Shares of State Street Corp (STT) State Street Corp (STT) Position Maintained by Pacific Heights Asset Management LLC Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Summit Midstream Partners (SMLP) Share Price RTI Surgical (RTIX) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.22 Very Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Carrols Restaurant Group (TAST) Share Price Evans Bancorp (EVBN) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Southwest Georgia Financial Corp. (SGB) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31 NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Canadian Pacific Railway Limited’s (CP) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Cloudera’s (CLDR) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Outperform Rating for GameStop Corp. (GME) Best Buy Co’s (BBY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Bank of America Corp Eni SpA (E) Downgraded by BNP Paribas to “Underperform” TD Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in UDR, Inc. (UDR) Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Raised by Commerce Bank May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Commerce Bank raised its position in shares of Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) by 1.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 201,383 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 2,715 shares during the period. Commerce Bank’s holdings in Fortive Corp were worth $12,127,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of FTV. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new position in Fortive Corp during the first quarter worth approximately $102,000. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co raised its position in Fortive Corp by 20.0% in the first quarter. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co now owns 1,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $108,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in Fortive Corp by 0.4% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,991 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 7 shares in the last quarter. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new position in Fortive Corp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $124,000. Finally, First Personal Financial Services raised its position in Fortive Corp by 17.3% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 2,372 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $142,000 after buying an additional 350 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 77.18% of the company’s stock. Shares of Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) traded down 0.20% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $63.51. 1,176,534 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Fortive Corp has a 52-week low of $46.29 and a 52-week high of $64.27. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $61.89 and a 200-day moving average of $57.57. The stock has a market cap of $22.01 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.92. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $1.54 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.53 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.60 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Fortive Corp will post $2.75 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 26th will be given a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.44%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 24th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/fortive-corp-ftv-position-raised-by-commerce-bank.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on FTV shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $56.00 to $66.00 in a research report on Friday, March 24th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. raised shares of Fortive Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. William Blair reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Fortive Corp in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on shares of Fortive Corp in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $63.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Cowen and Company lifted their price target on shares of Fortive Corp from $46.00 to $52.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $59.14. In related news, insider James A. Lico sold 131,994 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.34, for a total value of $8,228,505.96. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 191,101 shares in the company, valued at $11,913,236.34. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP Raj Ratnakar sold 11,642 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.31, for a total value of $725,413.02. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 5,020 shares in the company, valued at approximately $312,796.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Fortive Corp Company Profile Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FTV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV). Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Purchases 5,087 Shares of Fortive Corp (FTV) Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Has $706,000 Stake in Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Reduces Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 580 Shares of Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Texas Permanent School Fund Has $2.46 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Beach Investment Counsel Inc. PA Maintains Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Raised by Commerce Bank Commerce Bank Purchases 3,624 Shares of State Street Corp (STT) State Street Corp (STT) Position Maintained by Pacific Heights Asset Management LLC Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Summit Midstream Partners (SMLP) Share Price RTI Surgical (RTIX) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.22 Very Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Carrols Restaurant Group (TAST) Share Price Evans Bancorp (EVBN) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Southwest Georgia Financial Corp. (SGB) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31 NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Canadian Pacific Railway Limited’s (CP) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Cloudera’s (CLDR) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Outperform Rating for GameStop Corp. (GME) Best Buy Co’s (BBY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Bank of America Corp Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Purchases 5,087 Shares of Fortive Corp (FTV) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS raised its stake in Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) by 29.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 22,330 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 5,087 shares during the period. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS’s holdings in Fortive Corp were worth $1,345,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new position in Fortive Corp during the first quarter worth approximately $102,000. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 20.0% in the first quarter. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co now owns 1,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $108,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 0.4% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,991 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the last quarter. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new position in Fortive Corp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $124,000. Finally, First Personal Financial Services boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 17.3% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 2,372 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $142,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 77.18% of the company’s stock. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) traded down 0.20% on Friday, reaching $63.51. The company had a trading volume of 1,176,534 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $61.89 and its 200-day moving average is $57.57. The company has a market capitalization of $22.01 billion and a P/E ratio of 24.92. Fortive Corp has a 52 week low of $46.29 and a 52 week high of $64.27. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.57 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $1.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.53 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.60 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Fortive Corp will post $2.75 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 26th will be issued a dividend of $0.07 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.44%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/commonwealth-of-pennsylvania-public-school-empls-retrmt-sys-purchases-5087-shares-of-fortive-corp-ftv.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on FTV shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $56.00 to $66.00 in a research note on Friday, March 24th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded Fortive Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. William Blair restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on Fortive Corp in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $63.00 target price for the company. Finally, Cowen and Company raised their target price on Fortive Corp from $46.00 to $52.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Eleven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Fortive Corp has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $59.14. In other news, VP Raj Ratnakar sold 11,642 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.31, for a total transaction of $725,413.02. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 5,020 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $312,796.20. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider James A. Lico sold 131,994 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.34, for a total value of $8,228,505.96. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 191,101 shares in the company, valued at $11,913,236.34. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. About Fortive Corp Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FTV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV). Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Purchases 5,087 Shares of Fortive Corp (FTV) Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Has $706,000 Stake in Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Reduces Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 580 Shares of Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Texas Permanent School Fund Has $2.46 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Beach Investment Counsel Inc. PA Maintains Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Raised by Commerce Bank Commerce Bank Purchases 3,624 Shares of State Street Corp (STT) State Street Corp (STT) Position Maintained by Pacific Heights Asset Management LLC Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Summit Midstream Partners (SMLP) Share Price RTI Surgical (RTIX) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.22 Very Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Carrols Restaurant Group (TAST) Share Price Evans Bancorp (EVBN) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Southwest Georgia Financial Corp. (SGB) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31 NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Canadian Pacific Railway Limited’s (CP) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Cloudera’s (CLDR) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Outperform Rating for GameStop Corp. (GME) Best Buy Co’s (BBY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Bank of America Corp Ameriprise Financial Inc. Reduces Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ameriprise Financial Inc. decreased its stake in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 37.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 328,889 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 197,646 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc.’s holdings in Bunge were worth $26,051,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at about $126,122,000. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in Bunge by 58.1% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 4,517,677 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $267,581,000 after buying an additional 1,660,645 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in Bunge by 9.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,353,997 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $613,267,000 after buying an additional 865,585 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new stake in Bunge during the first quarter valued at about $55,314,000. Finally, Credit Agricole S A boosted its stake in Bunge by 39.9% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 1,752,228 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $126,581,000 after buying an additional 499,904 shares during the period. 78.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded down 1.26% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $82.17. 1,946,853 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $74.87 and its 200-day moving average price is $73.64. Bunge Ltd has a 52-week low of $56.69 and a 52-week high of $83.75. The company has a market capitalization of $11.54 billion, a PE ratio of 21.81 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The company had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 24.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 5th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, August 22nd will be paid a dividend of $0.46 per share. This represents a $1.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.24%. This is an increase from Bunge’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio is 37.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/ameriprise-financial-inc-reduces-position-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on BG shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Stephens cut shares of Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price target on shares of Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $76.14. In other Bunge news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at approximately $440,284.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Home Business Science Crude Oil Regulation International About – Staff Contact Privacy Policy The $0.56 Earnings Per Share Expected for Catalent Inc (CTLT) This Quarter May 28, 2017 Mark Williams According to Zacks, analysts expect that Catalent will report full-year earnings of $1.27 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.26 to $1.30. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the company will report earnings of $1.49 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.47 to $1.55. Zacks’ earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that cover Catalent. Analysts predict that Catalent Inc (NASDAQ:CTLT) will announce earnings per share (EPS) of $0.56 for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Seven analysts have made estimates for Catalent’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.54 and the highest is $0.58. Catalent posted earnings per share of $0.51 during the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year-over-year growth rate of 9.8%. The company is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings results on Monday, September 4th. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on CTLT shares. TheStreet upgraded Catalent from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Catalent from $29.00 to $32.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Catalent from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $32.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. William Blair upgraded Catalent from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Bank of America Corp reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 target price (up previously from $32.00) on shares of Catalent in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $30.71. Catalent (NASDAQ:CTLT) traded up 1.03% during trading on Monday, reaching $34.17. The company had a trading volume of 644,228 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $29.80 and its 200-day moving average is $27.52. Catalent has a 12 month low of $20.94 and a 12 month high of $34.81. The company has a market capitalization of $4.27 billion and a P/E ratio of 40.25. In other Catalent news, insider Sharon Johnson sold 9,160 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.00, for a total transaction of $265,640.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider John R. Chiminski sold 73,819 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.62, for a total value of $2,112,699.78. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of CTLT. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Catalent by 18,027.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 15,195,812 shares of the company’s stock worth $430,344,000 after buying an additional 15,111,984 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Catalent by 3.2% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 9,749,905 shares of the company’s stock worth $276,118,000 after buying an additional 303,213 shares during the last quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Catalent by 13.1% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 6,334,280 shares of the company’s stock worth $170,772,000 after buying an additional 734,125 shares during the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its stake in shares of Catalent by 8.4% in the first quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 5,143,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $146,646,000 after buying an additional 400,219 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Catalent by 9.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,912,985 shares of the company’s stock worth $139,136,000 after buying an additional 432,888 shares during the last quarter. Catalent Company Profile Catalent, Inc provides delivery technologies and development solutions for drugs, biologics, and consumer and animal health products. Its segments include Softgel Technologies, Drug Delivery Solutions and Clinical Supply Services. The Softgel Technologies segment is engaged in the formulation, development and manufacturing of prescription and consumer health soft capsules or softgels. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Catalent (CTLT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Business Post navigation The MCBC Holdings Inc (MCFT) CFO Timothy M. Oxley Sells 7,500 Shares of Stock The John W. Petersen Sells 3,000 Shares of PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Stock Related posts May 29, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 Latest Stocks: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Shares Bought by Norinchukin Bank The Norinchukin Bank The boosted its position in shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) by 9.4% during... May 29, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 Latest Stocks: British Land Company PLC (BLND) Insider Purchases £148.58 in Stock British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND) insider Lucinda Bell acquired 23 shares of the firm’s stock in... May 29, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 Latest Stocks: CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Position Lowered by Ffcm LLC Ffcm LLC lowered its stake in shares of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (NYSE:CNP) by 0.8% during the... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest Latest Stocks: Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Neuralstem (CUR) Stock Price Latest Stocks: Delta Air Lines (DAL) Earns News Impact Score of 0.10 Latest Stocks: Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware Raises Position in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Latest Stocks: Waterfront Capital Partners LLC Takes Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Latest Stocks: WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.06 Per Share © Petro Global News 24.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance IMPINJ Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for IMPINJ Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News World Asset Management Inc Increases Position in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Swiss National Bank Holds Position in Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Swiss National Bank Boosts Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) World Asset Management Inc Has $499,000 Stake in Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Report Finds MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Position Boosted by World Asset Management Inc A. H. Belo Co. (AHC) Stake Held by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Swiss National Bank Has $7.256 Million Stake in Masimo Co. (MASI) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Continues to Hold Stake in AdCare Health Systems, Inc. (ADK) Killam Apartment REIT (KMP.UN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 29th World Asset Management Inc Has $490,000 Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.12 Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Swiss National Bank Purchases 400 Shares of athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Purchases 3,100 Shares of SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Salient MLP & Energy Infrastructure Fund (SMF) Stock Price Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) Shares Bought by World Asset Management Inc Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital IMPINJ’s (PI) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada IMPINJ’s (PI) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet IMPINJ Inc (NYSE:PI)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada in a research note issued to investors on Sunday. They presently have a $50.00 target price on the stock, up from their previous target price of $42.00. Royal Bank of Canada’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 11.53% from the company’s current price. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of IMPINJ in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of IMPINJ from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 6th. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective on shares of IMPINJ in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective on shares of IMPINJ in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. IMPINJ currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $38.88. Shares of IMPINJ (NYSE:PI) opened at 44.83 on Friday. IMPINJ has a 1-year low of $16.36 and a 1-year high of $47.86. The company’s market cap is $925.07 million. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $37.94 and its 200-day moving average is $33.25. IMPINJ (NYSE:PI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.01 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.01) by $0.02. The company had revenue of $31.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $30.81 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 46.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that IMPINJ will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/impinjs-pi-outperform-rating-reaffirmed-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In related news, insider Eric Brodersen sold 5,400 shares of IMPINJ stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $28.36, for a total value of $153,144.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 136,343 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,866,687.48. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Oppen Peter H. Van sold 24,166 shares of IMPINJ stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.02, for a total transaction of $1,063,787.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 51,200 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,253,824. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 87,373 shares of company stock worth $3,395,368. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of PI. Sylebra HK Co Ltd acquired a new position in shares of IMPINJ during the first quarter worth approximately $88,898,000. Alliancebernstein L.P. acquired a new position in shares of IMPINJ during the first quarter worth approximately $20,284,000. Hood River Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of IMPINJ during the first quarter worth approximately $16,924,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of IMPINJ by 245.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 576,631 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,455,000 after buying an additional 409,635 shares during the last quarter. Finally, OppenheimerFunds Inc. acquired a new position in shares of IMPINJ during the first quarter worth approximately $9,327,000. About IMPINJ Impinj, Inc is a provider of RAIN radio frequency identification (RFID) solutions. The Company sells a platform that includes endpoint integrated circuits (ICs), reader ICs, readers and gateways that enable wireless connectivity to everyday items, and software that delivers Item Intelligence from endpoint reads. Receive News & Ratings for IMPINJ Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for IMPINJ Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $206,000 Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) LS Investment Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Interface, Inc. (TILE) Position Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Stake Maintained by LS Investment Advisors LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Position Maintained by LS Investment Advisors LLC LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Stake Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Swiss National Bank Acquires 900 Shares of Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $2.027 Million Stake in Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) LS Investment Advisors LLC Sells 671 Shares of NRG Energy Inc (NRG) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Increases Stake in Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Sells 8 Shares of Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) LS Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Lowers Position in Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Trust Co. of Vermont Has $1.391 Million Stake in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Acquires 2,222 Shares of Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) RadiSys (RSYS) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.21 Negative News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect CombiMatrix Corp (CBMX) Stock Price Freehold Royalties Ltd (FRU) Declares $0.05 Monthly Dividend Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (AAR.UN) to Issue $0.03 Monthly Dividend Comerica Bank Has $3.235 Million Position in Corecivic Inc (CXW) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $206,000 Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LS Investment Advisors LLC reduced its position in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 14.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 2,595 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 424 shares during the period. LS Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Bunge were worth $206,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Bunge by 9.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,353,997 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $613,267,000 after buying an additional 865,585 shares during the period. LSV Asset Management raised its position in Bunge by 2.3% in the first quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 5,130,126 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $406,613,000 after buying an additional 113,004 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its position in Bunge by 10.8% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,544,606 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $328,303,000 after buying an additional 444,280 shares during the period. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its position in Bunge by 6.1% in the first quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 2,094,920 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $166,043,000 after buying an additional 120,091 shares during the period. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Bunge by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,053,357 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $148,316,000 after buying an additional 20,933 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.49% of the company’s stock. Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) opened at 82.17 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $11.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.81 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 1-year low of $56.69 and a 1-year high of $83.75. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $74.87 and its 200 day moving average price is $73.64. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.41 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 24.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 5th. Investors of record on Tuesday, August 22nd will be paid a dividend of $0.46 per share. This represents a $1.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.24%. This is a boost from Bunge’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 37.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/ls-investment-advisors-llc-has-206000-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several brokerages have commented on BG. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 target price on shares of Bunge and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Stephens lowered shares of Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bunge currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.14. In related news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Biogen Inc (BIIB) Stake Held by Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $233,000 Position in Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Decreases Position in CSX Co. (CSX) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Maintains Stake in Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Stake Decreased by Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC USG Co. (USG) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale AMG National Trust Bank Has $600,000 Stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Position Held by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Maintains Stake in SYSCO Co. (SYY) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $3.32 Billion Gerdau SA (GGB) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports G-III Apparel Group (GIII) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Position Boosted by Advisors Asset Management Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Buys 596,224 Shares of SYSCO Co. (SYY) China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Lowers Position in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Buys 945 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) American Century Companies Inc. Sells 180,062 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Crane Co. (CR) Stake Increased by American Century Companies Inc. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. increased its stake in BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) by 9.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,107 shares of the asset manager’s stock after buying an additional 625 shares during the period. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc.’s holdings in BlackRock were worth $2,726,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of BLK. Garde Capital Inc. bought a new position in BlackRock during the third quarter valued at about $900,000. People s United Financial Inc. raised its position in BlackRock by 4.7% in the third quarter. People s United Financial Inc. now owns 39,463 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $14,304,000 after buying an additional 1,755 shares during the last quarter. Bailard Inc. raised its position in BlackRock by 81.9% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 14,313 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $5,188,000 after buying an additional 6,445 shares during the last quarter. Bahl & Gaynor Inc. raised its position in BlackRock by 9.0% in the third quarter. Bahl & Gaynor Inc. now owns 501,132 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $181,640,000 after buying an additional 41,538 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Strategic Financial Services Inc raised its position in BlackRock by 0.6% in the third quarter. Strategic Financial Services Inc now owns 11,823 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $4,285,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.82% of the company’s stock. BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) opened at 407.02 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $66.29 billion, a PE ratio of 20.00 and a beta of 1.72. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $386.85 and its 200-day moving average price is $382.65. BlackRock, Inc. has a 52 week low of $317.60 and a 52 week high of $407.93. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The asset manager reported $5.25 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.94 by $0.31. The company had revenue of $2.82 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.86 billion. BlackRock had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 28.44%. BlackRock’s revenue was up 7.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $4.25 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that BlackRock, Inc. will post $21.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, June 5th will be issued a dividend of $2.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 1st. This represents a $10.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.46%. BlackRock’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.11%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/bbva-compass-bancshares-inc-increases-stake-in-blackrock-inc-blk.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $387.00 price target on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Morgan Stanley reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Saturday, March 18th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on BlackRock from $447.00 to $449.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $464.00 price objective on shares of BlackRock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $410.70. In other BlackRock news, insider Mark Mccombe sold 500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $405.98, for a total transaction of $202,990.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 2.20% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. BlackRock Company Profile BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK). Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance China Lodging Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Lodging Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Position Boosted by Advisors Asset Management Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Buys 596,224 Shares of SYSCO Co. (SYY) China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Lowers Position in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Buys 945 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) American Century Companies Inc. Sells 180,062 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Crane Co. (CR) Stake Increased by American Century Companies Inc. Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Bought by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Invests $857,000 in Uniti Group Inc (UNIT) S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) Shares Bought by Advisors Asset Management Inc. MCF Advisors LLC Has $106,000 Position in Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Holds Stake in ALLETE Inc (ALE) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Shares Set to Split on Friday, June 9th Direxion Daily Small Cap Bear 3X Shares (TZA) Short Interest Down 42.6% in May Retail Properties of America Inc (RPAI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $136.66 Million Brokerages Expect Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPSS) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $110.31 Million $146.62 Million in Sales Expected for Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) This Quarter Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) Position Boosted by LSV Asset Management China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advisors Asset Management Inc. decreased its position in shares of China Lodging Group, Ltd (NASDAQ:HTHT) by 5.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 8,175 shares of the company’s stock after selling 440 shares during the period. Advisors Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in China Lodging Group were worth $507,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Atria Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of China Lodging Group by 2.8% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 4,168 shares of the company’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 112 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of China Lodging Group by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 23,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,214,000 after buying an additional 252 shares during the period. Castleark Management LLC increased its stake in shares of China Lodging Group by 99.6% in the fourth quarter. Castleark Management LLC now owns 4,910 shares of the company’s stock worth $255,000 after buying an additional 2,450 shares during the period. Dumac Inc. bought a new stake in shares of China Lodging Group during the fourth quarter worth about $185,000. Finally, Comerica Bank bought a new stake in shares of China Lodging Group during the fourth quarter worth about $204,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 39.20% of the company’s stock. Shares of China Lodging Group, Ltd (NASDAQ:HTHT) opened at 79.24 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 44.14 and a beta of 1.42. China Lodging Group, Ltd has a one year low of $31.71 and a one year high of $81.01. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $70.25 and a 200 day moving average price of $57.85. China Lodging Group (NASDAQ:HTHT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.23 by $0.02. China Lodging Group had a return on equity of 16.24% and a net margin of 11.51%. The firm had revenue of $1.67 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.66 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.32 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 10.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that China Lodging Group, Ltd will post $2.48 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/china-lodging-group-ltd-htht-position-decreased-by-advisors-asset-management-inc.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on HTHT. Macquarie downgraded China Lodging Group from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $66.00 to $72.00 in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $90.00 price target (up from $78.00) on shares of China Lodging Group in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on China Lodging Group in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $68.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded China Lodging Group from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $79.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG assumed coverage on China Lodging Group in a report on Friday, February 3rd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $66.00 price target on the stock. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. China Lodging Group presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $63.25. About China Lodging Group China Lodging Group, Limited is a holding company. The Company is a multi-brand hotel group in China with leased, manachised and franchised models. Under the lease model, the Company directly operates hotels located on leased properties. Under the manachise model, the Company manages manachised hotels through the on-site hotel managers the Company appoints and collects fees from franchisees. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HTHT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for China Lodging Group, Ltd (NASDAQ:HTHT). Receive News & Ratings for China Lodging Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Lodging Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Bought by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Invests $857,000 in Uniti Group Inc (UNIT) S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) Shares Bought by Advisors Asset Management Inc. MCF Advisors LLC Has $106,000 Position in Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Holds Stake in ALLETE Inc (ALE) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Shares Set to Split on Friday, June 9th Direxion Daily Small Cap Bear 3X Shares (TZA) Short Interest Down 42.6% in May Retail Properties of America Inc (RPAI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $136.66 Million Brokerages Expect Consumer Portfolio Services, Inc. (CPSS) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $110.31 Million $146.62 Million in Sales Expected for Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) This Quarter Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) Position Boosted by LSV Asset Management LSV Asset Management Maintains Position in RetailMeNot Inc (SALE) LSV Asset Management Takes Position in Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT) LSV Asset Management Takes Position in Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Accenture Plc (ACN) Stake Held by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Stake Maintained by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Shares Bought by Wrapmanager Inc. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 130 Shares of Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advisors Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) by 38.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 7,027 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 1,964 shares during the period. Advisors Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Minerals Technologies were worth $538,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MTX. Putnam Investments LLC raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 67,152 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $5,187,000 after buying an additional 4,487 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 52,009 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $4,018,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 723.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 135,430 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $10,462,000 after buying an additional 118,989 shares during the period. First Republic Investment Management Inc. raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 16.3% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 8,258 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $639,000 after buying an additional 1,156 shares during the period. Finally, Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC now owns 1,242,471 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $95,981,000 after buying an additional 9,270 shares during the period. 96.28% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) opened at 72.75 on Friday. Minerals Technologies Inc has a 1-year low of $51.29 and a 1-year high of $83.85. The company has a market cap of $2.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.20 and a beta of 2.04. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $75.69 and a 200-day moving average price of $77.20. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The basic materials company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.03. Minerals Technologies had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 8.14%. The firm had revenue of $405 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $401.63 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.02 EPS. Minerals Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Minerals Technologies Inc will post $4.72 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be paid a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.27%. Minerals Technologies’s dividend payout ratio is presently 5.28%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/advisors-asset-management-inc-increases-stake-in-minerals-technologies-inc-mtx.html. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Minerals Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Minerals Technologies Company Profile Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX). Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Stake in CDW Corp (CDW) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Shares Bought by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Ford Motor Company (F) Shares Sold by OLD National Bancorp IN Appleton Partners Inc. MA Sells 6,662 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC Has $226,000 Stake in Phillips 66 (PSX) Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Has $2,108,000 Stake in Phillips 66 (PSX) State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 15,000 Shares of Accenture Plc (ACN) Noble Co. (NE) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan State Treasurer State of Michigan Raises Stake in Greif, Inc. (GEF) CytomX Therapeutics (CTMX) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.15 Flexible Solutions International (FSI) Receiving Very Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Energy Focus (EFOI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund (EAD) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.47 Greenleaf Trust Boosts Position in General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Arrow Financial Corp Has $155,000 Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Tufton Capital Management Sells 266 Shares of Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Inc. (RMCF) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 2nd Analysts Expect Imax Corp (IMAX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $106.73 Million Appleton Partners Inc. MA Sells 6,662 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Appleton Partners Inc. MA lowered its position in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) by 19.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 27,826 shares of the investment management company’s stock after selling 6,662 shares during the period. Goldman Sachs Group accounts for approximately 1.2% of Appleton Partners Inc. MA’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Appleton Partners Inc. MA’s holdings in Goldman Sachs Group were worth $6,392,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of GS. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 0.8% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 849,165 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $136,945,000 after buying an additional 7,100 shares in the last quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 10.4% in the third quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 371,138 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $59,854,000 after buying an additional 35,047 shares in the last quarter. Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. raised its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 191.0% in the third quarter. Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. now owns 140,536 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $22,664,000 after buying an additional 92,246 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 3.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 2,633,895 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $424,769,000 after buying an additional 75,856 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd raised its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 2.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 491,551 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $79,272,000 after buying an additional 10,832 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) opened at 223.53 on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc has a 52-week low of $138.20 and a 52-week high of $255.15. The firm has a market capitalization of $91.49 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.89 and a beta of 1.50. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $222.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $231.82. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $5.31 by $0.16. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. The company had revenue of $8.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.33 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $2.68 earnings per share. Goldman Sachs Group’s revenue was up 26.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Goldman Sachs Group Inc will post $19.01 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a $0.75 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. This is a boost from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.34%. Goldman Sachs Group’s payout ratio is 15.89%. WARNING: “Appleton Partners Inc. MA Sells 6,662 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/appleton-partners-inc-ma-sells-6662-shares-of-goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on GS. Compass Point began coverage on Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Berenberg Bank lowered Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr lowered Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $215.99 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $234.65. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ProShare Advisors LLC Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) ProShare Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) ProShare Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 27,106 Shares of Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Stake Decreased by ProShare Advisors LLC Profund Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO) Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Position Boosted by Crestwood Advisors Group LLC New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Advisors Capital Management LLC Sells 67,133 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc. Invests $441,000 in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 133,556 Shares of Regency Centers Corp (REG) KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Shares Bought by Nationwide Fund Advisors Nationwide Fund Advisors Cuts Stake in Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Unisys Co. (UIS) Shares Bought by Nationwide Fund Advisors Nationwide Fund Advisors Has $3.154 Million Position in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Shares Bought by Nationwide Fund Advisors Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Shares Bought by Factory Mutual Insurance Co. Quotient Investors LLC Decreases Position in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Stake Raised by Rockland Trust Co. Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC ProShare Advisors LLC Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ProShare Advisors LLC lowered its position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) by 21.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 9,500 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 2,621 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings in Great Western Bancorp were worth $403,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of GWB. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 2,715,325 shares of the bank’s stock worth $118,361,000 after buying an additional 79,924 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,636,271 shares of the bank’s stock worth $114,915,000 after buying an additional 27,007 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 11.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,300,078 shares of the bank’s stock worth $100,259,000 after buying an additional 229,334 shares in the last quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 99.2% in the fourth quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. now owns 1,541,399 shares of the bank’s stock worth $67,190,000 after buying an additional 767,567 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Investec Asset Management LTD raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. Investec Asset Management LTD now owns 1,432,043 shares of the bank’s stock worth $62,423,000 after buying an additional 35,103 shares in the last quarter. Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) opened at 38.44 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $40.96 and a 200 day moving average of $41.77. Great Western Bancorp Inc has a 52 week low of $29.31 and a 52 week high of $45.62. The company has a market cap of $2.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.99 and a beta of 1.86. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $111.23 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.90 million. Great Western Bancorp had a return on equity of 8.47% and a net margin of 27.75%. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.55 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Great Western Bancorp Inc will post $2.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th were paid a dividend of $0.20 per share. This is an increase from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.08%. Great Western Bancorp’s payout ratio is presently 30.77%. WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/proshare-advisors-llc-lowers-position-in-great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on GWB shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Great Western Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report on Monday, April 3rd. DA Davidson reissued a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Great Western Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $48.00 to $47.00 in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, FBR & Co started coverage on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. Great Western Bancorp presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $45.00. About Great Western Bancorp Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GWB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB). Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Atria Investments LLC Buys 5,229 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Guild Investment Management Inc. Invests $3.147 Million in Intel Co. (INTC) Orrstown Financial Services Inc. Acquires 876 Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Capstone Asset Management Co. Invests $207,000 in Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) First National Bank of Omaha Has $8.426 Million Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Jacobs & Co. CA Decreases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Bank of Montreal Can Raises Position in Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) Argan, Inc. (AGX) Position Increased by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Has $501,000 Stake in Silicon Motion Technology Corp. (SIMO) Bank of Montreal Can Has $505,000 Position in NewMarket Co. (NEU) Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Position Reduced by Bank of Montreal Can Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Synchrony Financial (SYF) Short Interest in Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY (RBCAA) Decreases By 1.7% Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Increases Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Position Raised by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 585 Shares of Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.625 Million Stake in Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 1,339 Shares of Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $223,000 Stake in DineEquity Inc (DIN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 12,249 Shares of Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Jacobs & Co. CA Decreases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Jacobs & Co. CA decreased its stake in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) by 8.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,811 shares of the information services provider’s stock after selling 417 shares during the period. Jacobs & Co. CA’s holdings in Alphabet were worth $4,078,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Alphabet by 71,762.1% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 115,698 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 115,537 shares in the last quarter. First Command Bank acquired a new position in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter worth about $123,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA acquired a new position in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter worth about $127,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its position in shares of Alphabet by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 170 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $135,000 after buying an additional 1 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new position in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter worth about $139,000. 34.98% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) opened at 993.27 on Friday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $918.17 and its 200-day moving average is $847.92. The firm has a market cap of $687.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.56 and a beta of 0.98. Alphabet Inc has a 52 week low of $672.66 and a 52 week high of $996.39. Alphabet also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Stock traders bought 1,339 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 114% compared to the average volume of 625 put options. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $7.24 by $0.49. The business had revenue of $20.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $19.65 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $7.50 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Alphabet Inc will post $33.95 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/jacobs-co-ca-decreases-position-in-alphabet-inc-googl.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on GOOGL shares. Evercore ISI reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $1,001.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Mizuho cut their target price on shares of Alphabet from $1,025.00 to $1,024.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Sunday, January 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $1,020.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $1,040.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Nomura reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $950.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, January 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and forty have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $1,002.75. Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GOOGL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Energy Transfer Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Energy Transfer Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Short Interest Update iShares MSCI EAFE Index Fund Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (EFA) Kirkland's, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q3 2018 Earnings of ($0.07) Per Share (KIRK) Genesco Inc. (GCO) Forecasted to Post Q3 2018 Earnings of $1.62 Per Share Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Cut by Analyst Lowe's Companies, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2018 Earnings of $1.62 Per Share (LOW) Brokers Offer Predictions for Williams-Sonoma, Inc.’s Q2 2018 Earnings (WSM) Weibo Corp Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (WB) Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for Devon Energy Corp Issued By Seaport Global Securities (DVN) Analysts Offer Predictions for Williams-Sonoma, Inc.’s Q2 2018 Earnings (WSM) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Metlife Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (MET) Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Short Interest Update Brokers Offer Predictions for Thermon Group Holdings Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (THR) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Take Two Interactive Software Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (TTWO) Traders Buy Large Volume of Lowe's Companies Call Options (LOW) Vermillion, Inc. (VRML) Short Interest Up 10.5% in May Brokers Issue Forecasts for Tarena International Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (TEDU) Ceiba Energy Services Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share, Clarus Securities Forecasts (CEB) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Accenture Plc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ACN) Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.15) Per Share (ARWR) Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Short Interest Update May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Energy Transfer Partners LP (NYSE:ETP) was the recipient of a large growth in short interest in the month of May. As of May 15th, there was short interest totalling 24,464,148 shares, a growth of 61.3% from the April 28th total of 15,167,373 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 7,229,880 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 3.4 days. Several brokerages have commented on ETP. Scotiabank set a $28.00 target price on shares of Energy Transfer Partners and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 6th. US Capital Advisors reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Energy Transfer Partners in a report on Wednesday. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Energy Transfer Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $23.00 to $25.00 in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of Energy Transfer Partners from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $31.00 to $27.00 in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Energy Transfer Partners from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $37.25 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $34.25. Shares of Energy Transfer Partners (NYSE:ETP) opened at 22.81 on Friday. Energy Transfer Partners has a 12 month low of $21.52 and a 12 month high of $31.49. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $23.41 and a 200-day moving average of $24.37. The company’s market cap is $12.61 billion. Energy Transfer Partners (NYSE:ETP) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The pipeline company reported $0.29 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $2.92 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.37 billion. Energy Transfer Partners had a return on equity of 6.58% and a net margin of 6.16%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 26.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.21 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Energy Transfer Partners will post $0.81 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th were paid a dividend of $0.535 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, May 8th. This represents a $2.14 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 9.38%. Energy Transfer Partners’s payout ratio is 442.55%. In related news, Director Michael K. Grimm bought 3,023 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $23.19 per share, for a total transaction of $70,103.37. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 67,633 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,568,409.27. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 3.74% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP increased its position in Energy Transfer Partners by 2.8% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP now owns 21,060,814 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $779,234,000 after buying an additional 564,019 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley increased its position in shares of Energy Transfer Partners by 12.8% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 14,761,511 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $539,090,000 after buying an additional 1,675,956 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Energy Transfer Partners by 12.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 12,021,147 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $439,012,000 after buying an additional 1,304,097 shares in the last quarter. Appaloosa LP increased its position in shares of Energy Transfer Partners by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Appaloosa LP now owns 11,961,842 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $428,354,000 after buying an additional 346,185 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in shares of Energy Transfer Partners by 1.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 9,589,093 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $354,797,000 after buying an additional 115,897 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 64.42% of the company’s stock. WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/energy-transfer-partners-lp-etp-short-interest-update.html. Energy Transfer Partners Company Profile Energy Transfer, LP, formerly Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (ETP), is engaged in the gathering and processing, compression, treating and transportation of natural gas, focusing on providing midstream services in various natural gas producing regions in the United States, including the Eagle Ford, Haynesville, Barnett, Fayetteville, Marcellus, and Bone Spring. Receive News & Ratings for Energy Transfer Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Energy Transfer Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
'If you go into what I call a bubble boom, every bubble bursts.' - Margaret Thatcher Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Doug Noland / Just the Facts Just the Facts By: Doug Noland | Sat, May 20, 2017 Share Print Email For the Week: The S&P500 slipped 0.4% (up 6.4% y-t-d), and the Dow declined 0.4% (up 5.3%). The Utilities lost 0.5% (up 6.1%). The Banks fell 1.6% (down 1.9%), and the Broker/Dealers dropped 1.6% (up 2.4%). The Transports fell 1.4% (down 1.8%). The S&P 400 Midcaps slipped 0.4% (up 3.1%), and the small cap Russell 2000 dropped 1.1% (up 0.8%). The Nasdaq100 lost 0.6% (up 16.2%), and the Morgan Stanley High Tech index declined 0.7% (up 18.7%). The Semiconductors gained 1.5% (up 17%). The Biotechs slipped 0.3% (up 17.4%). While bullion jumped $28, the HUI gold index was unchanged (up 8.1%). Three-month Treasury bill rates ended the week at 89 bps. Two-year government yields declined two bps to 1.27% (up 8bps y-t-d). Five-year T-note yields dropped seven bps to 1.78% (down 15bps). Ten-year Treasury yields dropped nine bps to 2.24% (down 21bps). Long bond yields sank nine bps to 2.90% (down 17bps). Greek 10-year yields were little changed at 5.62% (down 140bps y-t-d). Ten-year Portuguese yields sank 19 bps to 3.18% (down 56bps). Italian 10-year yields fell 12 bps to 2.14% (up 33bps). Spain's 10-year yields declined five bps to 1.58% (up 20bps). German bund yields declined two bps to 0.37% (up 16bps). French yields fell three bps to 0.81% (up 13bps). The French to German 10-year bond spread narrowed one to 44 bps. U.K. 10-year gilt yields added a basis point to 1.09% (down 14bps). U.K.'s FTSE equities index increased 0.5% (up 4.6%). Japan's Nikkei 225 equities index fell 1.5% (up 2.5% y-t-d). Japanese 10-year "JGB" yields declined a basis point to 0.04% (unchanged). France's CAC40 fell 1.5% (up 9.5%). The German DAX equities index declined 1.0% (up 10.1%). Spain's IBEX 35 equities index dipped 0.6% (up 15.9%). Italy's FTSE MIB index traded unchanged (up 12.1%). EM equities were mostly under pressure. Brazil's Bovespa index sank 8.2% (up 4.0%). Mexico's Bolsa declined 0.7% (up 7.5%). South Korea's Kospi was about unchanged (up 12.9%). India's Sensex equities index added 0.9% (up 14.4%). China's Shanghai Exchange increased 0.2% (down 0.4%). Turkey's Borsa Istanbul National 100 index added 0.2% (up 21.8%). Russia's MICEX equities index fell 1.6% (down 12.1%). Junk bond mutual funds saw inflows of $650 million (from Lipper). Freddie Mac 30-year fixed mortgage rates declined three bps to 4.02% (up 44bps y-o-y). Fifteen-year rates slipped two bps to 3.27% (up 46bps). The five-year hybrid ARM rate dipped a basis point to 3.13% (up 33bps). Bankrate's survey of jumbo mortgage borrowing costs had 30-yr fixed rates down eight bps to 4.08% (up 30bps). Federal Reserve Credit last week expanded $5.1bn to $4.439 TN. Over the past year, Fed Credit declined $7.9bn (down 0.2%). Fed Credit inflated $1.628 TN, or 58%, over the past 236 weeks. Elsewhere, Fed holdings for foreign owners of Treasury, Agency Debt rose $12.4bn last week to $3.234 TN. "Custody holdings" were up $14.3bn y-o-y, or 0.4%. M2 (narrow) "money" supply last week declined $14.8bn to $13.460 TN. "Narrow money" expanded $740bn, or 5.8%, over the past year. For the week, Currency increased $1.1bn. Total Checkable Deposits jumped $45bn, while Savings Deposits dropped $62.8bn. Small Time Deposits were little changed. Retail Money Funds gained $1.8bn. Total money market fund assets declined $5.1bn to $2.645 TN. Money Funds fell $74bn y-o-y (2.7%). Total Commercial Paper rose $5.0bn to $987bn. CP declined $112bn y-o-y, or 10.2%. Currency Watch: May 17 - Wall Street Journal (Saumya Vaishampayan): "China's central bank is guiding the currency higher, but the country's investors seem unconvinced. The People's Bank of China on Wednesday fixed the yuan at 6.8635 per dollar, the strongest since Feb. 17, only to have it weaken to 6.88 within minutes... The gap between the central bank's fix and where the currency then trades in the onshore market has widened in recent days. Wednesday's discount was the largest since January. Such a gap 'suggests that the onshore market is still not fully convinced that the Chinese yuan will remain strong,' said Irene Cheung, a senior strategist for Asia at ANZ in Singapore..." The U.S. dollar index sank 2.1% to 97.125 (down 5.2% y-t-d). For the week on the upside, the Swiss franc increased 2.9%, the euro 2.5%, the Norwegian krone 2.2%, the Japanese yen 1.9%, the Canadian dollar 1.5%, the Singapore dollar 1.3%, the British pound 1.1%, the Swedish krona 1.1%, the South African rand 1.0%, the Australian dollar 1.0%, the New Zealand dollar 0.8% and the Mexican peso 0.5%. For the week on the downside, the Brazilian real declined 4.0%. The Chinese renminbi gained 0.21% versus the dollar this week (up 0.87% y-t-d). Commodities Watch: The Goldman Sachs Commodities Index gained 1.2% (down 3.6% y-t-d). Spot Gold rallied 2.2% to $1,256 (up 9.0%). Silver jumped 2.4% to $16.85 (up 5.4%). Crude recovered $2.59 to $50.43 (down 6%). Gasoline rallied 4.5% (down 1%), while Natural Gas dropped 5.0% (down 13%). Copper rallied 2.6% (up 3.3%). Wheat increased 0.6% (up 6.7%). Corn added 0.4% (up 5.8%). Trump Administration Watch: May 19 - Bloomberg (Justine Sink): "Donald Trump won the presidency on the promise he'd drain the swamp. This week, the swamp struck back. The naming Wednesday of former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to investigate the Russian government's meddling in the U.S. election, including ties to Trump's campaign, abruptly shifted the balance of power in Washington. The city's permanent political class forcefully reasserted itself against an antagonistic president determined to bring them to heel. The Russia investigation will cast a pall over Trump's first term, with Mueller free to pursue the facts where they lead and little urgency to get there." May 18 - Reuters (Julia Edwards Ainsley and Steve Holland): "The U.S. Justice Department, in the face of rising pressure from Capitol Hill, named former FBI chief Robert Mueller... as special counsel to investigate alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election and possible collusion between President Donald Trump's campaign and Moscow. The move followed a week in which the White House was thrown into uproar after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey... Trump, whose anger over the allegations has grown in recent weeks, took the news calmly and used it to rally his team to unite, move on and refocus on his stalled agenda, a senior White House official said. 'We are all in this together,' Trump told his team..." May 13 - Reuters (David Lawder): "U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said... that United States reserves the right to be protectionist on trade, but noted that his international counterparts are growing more comfortable with the Trump administration's economic agenda. 'We do not want to be protectionist but we reserve our right to be protectionist to the extent that we believe trade is not free and fair,' Mnuchin told a news conference at the end of a meeting of finance ministers from the Group of Seven industrial democracies. 'Our approach is for more balanced trade, and people have heard that... And as I say, people are more comfortable today, now that they've had the opportunity to spend time with me and listen to the president and hear our economic message.'" May 15 - Bloomberg (David Goodman and Alessandra Migliaccio): "Group-of-Seven ministers slowly coming to terms with the reality of Donald Trump's administration are about to leave the heavy lifting to their bosses. Finance chiefs in Italy at the weekend spoke of an improving relationship with their U.S. counterpart Steven Mnuchin, in a contrast to previous encounters. But with their gathering in Bari cementing rather than mending disagreements on free trade, the risk is that the diplomatic truce they achieved unwinds when Trump himself meets with G-7 leaders on the island of Sicily later this month." May 16 - Bloomberg (Joe Light): "A top Treasury Department official said the Trump administration wants to boost the role of private capital in the mortgage market, a longstanding Washington goal that has largely befuddled policy makers since the 2008 financial crisis. Transferring risk away from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is 'core' to U.S. housing policy, Craig Phillips, a counselor to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, said... Without outlining any specific plans, Phillips said a central goal is increasing the amount of private loans in the market that lack government backing." China Bubble Watch: May 15 - Bloomberg: "The ferocity of China's bond rout is surprising some of the market's top observers. The yield on sovereign debt due in a decade surged to a two-year-high of 3.7% last week, wrong-footing analysts from Citic Securities Co. and Haitong Securities Co. -- the country's two biggest brokerages -- who had in April predicted a maximum level of 3.6% in the near term. The tumble comes amid intensifying efforts to crack down on excessive borrowing... 'No one knows what kind of indicator would suggest the campaign is over, and no one knows how long this process will last,' said Shan Kun, head of China markets strategy at BNP Paribas (China)... 'When the market is so pessimistic, investors are trading based on expectations, and declines can be illogical.'" May 18 - Bloomberg: "China's anti-leverage campaign is causing a distortion that hasn't happened in the nation's $9 trillion bond market in at least a decade. The five-year sovereign yield is now higher than that on debt due in a decade, the first time the curve has inverted for the tenor in data going back to 2006. This is due mainly to a surge in the shorter-term yield because of a deleveraging campaign, and a limited advance in the 10-year cost as economic growth concerns raise demand for safety... 'It's hard to say where the funding costs will be able to stabilize, so that's curbing demand for the short-end of the curve," said Wu Sijie, a Shanghai-based senior trader at China Merchants Bank Co. 'A liquid market has become the paramount consideration, as people want to escape as fast as they can in a selloff.'" May 16 - Reuters (Samuel Shen and Engen Tham): "China's banking regulator is tightening disclosure rules on lenders' wealth management products (WMP) as it tries to track risky lending practices in the shadow banking sector, the latest in a series of steps by Beijing aimed at defusing financial risks. The China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) said... it plans to launch 46 new or revised rules this year, part of which targets risks related to shadowbanking activities Authorities are trying to better regulate 30 trillion yuan ($4.35 trillion) of WMPs, much of it sitting off-balance sheet in the shadowbanking sector. The WMPS have been used to channel deposits into risky investments, often via many layers of asset management schemes to skirt lending and capital rules. The CBRC will now require that banks report the underlying assets and liabilities of their WMPs, as well as all layers of investment schemes, on a weekly basis." May 16 - Wall Street Journal (Shen Hong): "China's central bank made its biggest one-day cash injection into the country's fragile financial markets in nearly four months Tuesday, a fresh sign that Beijing is trying to mitigate the damage to investor confidence inflicted by its recent campaign to tamp down speculative investing fueled by debt. The People's Bank of China pumped a net 170 billion yuan ($24.7bn) into the financial system... The huge provision of cash follows comments from Chinese officials in recent days that suggest they are concerned that recent moves to tighten market regulation have caused too much disruption." May 17 - Financial Times (Gabriel Wildau and Nan Ma): "One of China's largest insurers has warned of mass defaults and social unrest unless the regulator lifts a ban on its issuance of new products, the latest sign of stress in the industry caused by a crackdown on financial risk. In a letter to China's insurance regulator seen by the Financial Times, Foresea Life Insurance warns that the company expects Rmb60bn ($8.7bn) in redemptions this year and might be unable to meet payouts unless it is able to sell new products. In December, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission banned Foresea for three months from applying to sell new products... In the letter dated April 28, Foresea asks the CIRC to resume new product approvals 'in order to avoid inciting mass incidents by clients and localised and systemic risks, producing greater damage to the industry'... Foresea is a unit of Baoneng Group, a property and financial conglomerate... Baoneng has used the sale of so-called 'universal insurance' products to finance its stake in Vanke and other listed companies. Such policies are, essentially, investment vehicles offering high yields and guaranteed payouts on maturities. Distributed through banks, they bear little resemblance to traditional insurance..." May 14 - Wall Street Journal (Chuin-Wei Yap): "The past two months have been tumultuous for Chinese lenders as a new banking czar has unleashed a blizzard of new directives, uncovered a fraud scandal and issued heavy fines. Since his appointment to head the China Banking Regulatory Commission in February, Guo Shuqing has become a central figure in Beijing's crackdown on risk... The 60-year-old Mr. Guo is navigating narrow straits: He has to tame a freewheeling industry without killing a tentative recovery in bank profits or causing too much disruption. President Xi Jinping has stressed the need for a stable financial sector ahead of a major Communist Party leadership shuffle this fall. On Friday, the CBRC tried to reassure investors that it was aware of the threat of overregulation and emphasized the campaign's value in reducing risk long term. 'We're hoping now to avoid risks that have resulted from the regulations to resolve risk,' said Xiao Yuanqi, a CBRC department head." May 16 - Reuters (Elias Glenn): "China's growth is set for its weakest patch since the global financial crisis as authorities pull back on the stimulus that helped the economy get off to an unexpectedly strong start this year, and keep funds tight to deter risky lending... Massive debt - standing at nearly 300% of GDP - and serious budgetary imbalances mean Beijing can't carry on pump priming. The brakes went on in April, when annual growth in fiscal spending dropped to 3.8% from 21% the first quarter. And worries about speculative bubbles have forced the central bank to tighten short term liquidity, while trying to keep medium term funding available for investment." May 17 - Bloomberg: "China home-price growth eased last month after authorities imposed stricter restrictions on property purchases. New-home prices... gained last month in 58 of the 70 cities tracked by the government, compared with 62 in March, the National Bureau of Statistics said... Prices fell in eight cities and were unchanged in four... Chinese authorities stepped up curbs in a string of large cities last month to rein in prices, following a resurgence in demand the previous two months as buyers tried to get in ahead of further restrictions." Europe Watch: May 12 - Wall Street Journal (Giovanni Legorano and Manuela Mesco): "Europe's establishment breathed a sigh of relief after the pro-European Union centrist Emmanuel Macron was elected French president this week. But another populist storm is brewing in Italy, where the euroskeptic 5 Star Movement has remained strong. Fueled by discontent with slow growth, high unemployment and disillusionment with mainstream politicians, 5-Star has won local elections in Rome, Turin and elsewhere, partly on the strength of its leaders' call for a referendum on Italy's use of the European single currency. Pollsters say about 30% of Italian voters support the movement founded by comedian Beppe Grillo, a level of popularity that has stood firm despite a series of high-profile stumbles..." May 17 - Bloomberg (Piotr Skolimowski): "The European Central Bank is trying to work out a key question about the road to policy normalization: what's the speed limit? Three weeks before their next policy decision, the terms of debate between the ECB's 25 Governing Council members over announcing and implementing an exit from unconventional stimulus have coalesced around the pace. In one camp are those who want to move slowly. In the opposite camp: those who want to move extremely slowly. The June 8 meeting in Tallinn is in the sights of investors and economists seeking a signal that the euro area has recovered enough for the ECB to at least hold its first formal talks on what a policy reversal might look like." May 18 - Bloomberg (Carolynn Look and Alessandro Speciale): "European Central Bank policy makers pointed to June to revisit their policy stance after differing on how much the region's economic outlook had improved. At the next policy meeting on June 8, new staff projections and data will put officials 'in a better position to take stock and reassess the sustainability of the recovery and the outlook for inflation,' an account of the Governing Council's April 26-27 meeting showed... 'Some members considered that the risks to real gross domestic product could now be characterized as broadly balanced,' while 'other members maintained that downside risks to growth still prevailed,' the account showed." May 17 - Bloomberg (Maria Tadeo and Ainhoa Goyeneche): "Spain's government debt pile rose for the fourth consecutive month in March, once again climbing above 100% of gross domestic product... Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's government has been struggling with a debt-to-GDP ratio hovering around 100% since mid-2014 even as Spain leads the recovery in the euro area." Global Bubble Watch: May 13 - New York Times (Jane Perlez and Yufan Huang): "Along the jungle-covered mountains of Laos, squads of Chinese engineers are drilling hundreds of tunnels and bridges to support a 260-mile railway, a $6 billion project that will eventually connect eight Asian countries. Chinese money is building power plants in Pakistan to address chronic electricity shortages, part of an expected $46 billion worth of investment. Chinese planners are mapping out train lines from Budapest to Belgrade, Serbia, providing another artery for Chinese goods flowing into Europe through a Chinese-owned port in Greece. The massive infrastructure projects, along with hundreds of others across Asia, Africa and Europe, form the backbone of China's ambitious economic and geopolitical agenda... The initiative, called 'One Belt, One Road,' looms on a scope and scale with little precedent in modern history, promising more than $1 trillion in infrastructure and spanning more than 60 countries." May 15 - Reuters (Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller): "Behind China's trillion-dollar effort to build a modern Silk Road is a lending program of unprecedented breadth, one that will help build ports, roads and rail links, but could also leave some banks and many countries with quite a hangover. At the heart of that splurge are China's two policy lenders, China Development Bank (CDB) and Export-Import Bank of China (EXIM), which have between them already provided $200 billion in loans throughout Asia, the Middle East and even Africa. They are due to extend at least $55 billion more... Thanks to cheaper funding, CDB and EXIM have helped to unblock what Chinese president Xi Jinping on Sunday called a 'prominent challenge' to the Silk Road: the funding bottleneck. But as the Belt and Road project grows, so do the risks to policy banks, commercial lenders and borrowers, all of whom are tangled in projects with questionable business logic, bankers and analysts say." Fixed Income Bubble Watch: May 14 - Wall Street Journal (Heather Gillers and Tom McGinty): "The losses from soured investments in Puerto Rico bonds are coming into focus for some of the world's biggest mutual funds, and it is a brutal reckoning. The total red ink for mutual funds that invested in debt issued by the troubled island commonwealth is as much as $5.4 billion over the past five years, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of mutual-fund holdings... Those losses... were tucked inside a wide range of funds..." May 14 - Financial Times (Fraser Lundie): "'The past is always triple-A. We can all remember what the past was. But if we try to make the future triple-A, we have no future. The future is always single-B.' Michael Milken, the 'Junk bond king', was not describing the asset class he created, but he could well have been. In hindsight, high-yield bonds have been one of the best performing asset classes on a risk-adjusted basis of any in the world, an asset class delivering equity-like rewards with half the volatility. Like all things too good to last, capital markets have come to chew the fat off this remarkable record... It is ironic that an asset class that has taken decades to rid itself of the unflattering 'junk' tag now finds itself in a state more likely to exhibit junk status than ever before." May 16 - Wall Street Journal (Min Zeng): "The U.S. bond market is sending a note of caution to the Federal Reserve, which is on track to raise interest rates in June. Hedge funds and money managers have built up the biggest net wagers since 2008 betting long-term Treasury yields will fall. At the same time, wagers betting on an increase in short-term interest rates are near the highest level since 1993. This divergence is happening at a time when the yield premium on the 10-year note relative to the two year has been shrinking." Federal Reserve Watch: May 17 - Bloomberg (Brian Chappatta): "The bond market is interpreting what could be the deepest crisis of Donald Trump's presidency as throwing the Federal Reserve off its path for interest-rate increases this year. The odds that the central bank raises its benchmark rate next month are about 60%, based on the current effective fed funds rate and the forward overnight index swap rate. That's down from 80% a week ago." May 15 - CNBC (Steve Liesman): "While Federal Reserve officials have said they plan to begin a process to normalize their balance sheet, the end result is likely to be a balance sheet that is anything but normal. Interviews with Fed officials, and public statements they've made suggest the Fed's new normalized balance sheet could end up being three times as large as it was before the financial crisis. And it could be bigger than that. The Fed has yet to announce a plan to run off its massive $4.4 trillion balance sheet, but market participants... expect the process to begin in January 2018, months sooner than previously forecast. Some Fed officials have made no secret of their intentions to announce a plan later this year to reduce the balance sheet." May 15 - Bloomberg (Liz McCormick and Alex Harris): "To appreciate just how important the Federal Reserve has been to the U.S. Treasury, consider this simple fact: It alone financed roughly 40% of America's budget deficit last year. So as Fed officials talk up the possibility of unwinding the central bank's crisis-era bond holdings later this year, figuring out what will happen when the U.S. loses its biggest source of funding has become a pressing concern. Of course, finding ready buyers in the Treasury market... has rarely been a problem. But with deficits poised to balloon, bond dealers are divided over which parts of the market will feel the most pain as the Fed pulls back and the Treasury ramps up debt issuance to fill those gaps." U.S. Bubble Watch: May 15 - Wall Street Journal (Laura Kusisto): "Home sales in the first quarter hit their fastest pace in a decade, a sign that rising prices and slightly higher mortgage rates haven't deterred home buyers from rushing into the market. Total existing-home sales climbed 1.4% in the quarter to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.62 million, the highest since the first quarter of 2007... The national median home price, meanwhile, jumped 6.9% from the same quarter a year earlier to $232,100, the sharpest price gain in nearly two years. Demand remains strong as millennials begin to enter the housing market in force." May 17 - CNBC (Diana Olick): "The number of homes for sale in America has been falling steadily for the past year, but the situation is apparently getting much worse as spring demand heats up. 'The inventory is reaching historic lows. It's never declined faster than it did last month. It's freaking us out — it's affecting our business; it's limiting our sales,' said Glenn Kelman, CEO of Seattle-based Redfin..." May 15 - Bloomberg (Patricia Laya): "More confidence among U.S. home builders this month shows the industry remains optimistic demand will keep growing in the face of rising property values, according to data... from the National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo. Builder sentiment rose to 70, the second-highest since 2005, from 68 in April..." May 16 - Reuters (Richard Leong): "The U.S. economy is forecast to expand at a 4.1% annualized pace in the second quarter following the release of April figures on housing starts and industrial output, the Atlanta Federal Reserve's GDP Now forecast model showed... Domestic factory production increased 1.0% last month for its biggest monthly gain in over three years, but housing starts unexpectedly fell 2.6%..." May 17 - Reuters (Jonathan Spicer): "Americans' debt level reached a record high this year, surpassing the peak touched just as the worst of the recession was taking hold in 2008, and marking a milestone for households that now lean less on mortgages and more on auto and student loans. Total U.S. household debt was $12.73 trillion at the end of the first quarter of 2017, up $473 billion from a year ago, according to a Federal Reserve Bank of New York survey... Total indebtedness is now 14% above the 2013 trough of household deleveraging brought on by the 2007-2009 financial crisis and Great Recession. The previous peak, in the third quarter of 2008, was $12.68 trillion, and the New York Fed stressed that the pull-back since then marked an 'aberration' from what had been a 63-year upward trend in household debt." May 18 - Bloomberg (Shahien Nasiripour): "Student debt has more than tripled as a share of total debt owed by U.S. households in less than 15 years.. Student loans made up just 3.3% of total household debt in 2003, for a sum of $240.7 billion, according to estimates... by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. That sum is now about $1.3 trillion, or about 10.6% of all U.S. household debt. The jump reflects higher tuition and campus-related costs, more people seeking higher education..., and declines in state appropriations to public colleges and federal grants to students relative to rising college costs. One in six American adults, or 44 million people, has a student loan." May 17 - Bloomberg (Gabrielle Coppola): "Lenders are tightening the spigot on new auto loans, making it harder for U.S. consumers with weak credit to buy a car, data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York show. New car loans for subprime borrowers fell in the first quarter to $25.9 billion, the lowest in two years... Drivers with credit scores below 620 now comprise less than 20% of new loans, down from almost 30% a decade ago. Borrowers with the highest credit scores -- 760 or more -- made up nearly a third of new auto loan originations in the first quarter as lenders target the safer deals." May 16 - Reuters (Lucia Mutikani): "U.S. manufacturing production recorded its biggest increase in more than three years in April, bolstering the view that economic growth picked up early in the second quarter despite a surprise decline in homebuilding. The broad strength in factory output... added to labor market data in suggesting the growth slowdown in the first quarter was temporary... 'The sharp increase in industrial activity is a clear sign that the first-quarter sluggishness is behind us. It comes at the right time as home construction seems to have hit a lull,' said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors..." May 14 - Wall Street Journal (Tripp Mickle and Eliot Brown): "Apple Inc. employees last month began testing the company's latest innovation: Apple Park, one of history's most expensive corporate campuses and the leading example of the tech industry's newfound love for splashy architecture. The first of 12,000 Apple headquarters employees moved from several drab, stone buildings in Cupertino, Calif., to space across town in the 2.8-million-square-foot circular building that resembles a spaceship. It features a seamless, curved-glass exterior and a theater that architects said was designed to look like a MacBook Air. The estimated $5 billion project commanded years of attention from top Apple executives... Apple Park is the most lavish in a spate of glitzy new architectural projects by tech titans at a time when their businesses are booming and market valuations are soaring to new heights. Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc. have tapped top architects Frank Gehry and Bjarke Ingels for expansions, Amazon is building giant glass globes containing an indoor forest in Seattle, and business-software company Salesforce.com Inc. paid to put its name on a new, 61-story tower that will be the tallest building in San Francisco." May 15 - Bloomberg (Martin Z Braun and Jonathan Levin): "San Juan's gleaming commuter train seemed like a coup -- the kind of big-ticket item many U.S. cities can only dream of. More than a decade on, the Tren Urbano is a monument to the folly, bloat and abuse that finally bankrupted Puerto Rico. Despite years of planning, it sells only a third of the rides it needs to, and loses roughly $50 million a year. The cost so far: $2.25 billion, $1 billion more than planned. That, in a nutshell, is Puerto Rico's story. With Wall Street's help, the U.S. commonwealth borrowed tens of billions in the bond markets, only to squander much of it on grand projects, government bureaucracy, everyday expenses and worse. Debts were piled on debts, even as the economy gave way." Japan Watch: May 16 - Reuters (Leika Kihara): "Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said he was 'quite sure' the central bank could smoothly exit from its massive monetary stimulus when the appropriate time to do so came. But he also said the BOJ 'always' had room to expand monetary stimulus to achieve its 2% inflation target, indicating that wages and prices had been slow to respond to improvements in the economy. The remarks suggest the BOJ is in no rush to swing monetary policy in either direction, particularly toward cutting back on stimulus with the economic recovery still fragile. 'There may be some challenging issues, but I'm quite sure the BOJ has enough tools' to manage an exit from its stimulus program, Kuroda told a seminar..." May 18 - Bloomberg (Keiko Ujikane): "Japan's economy advanced for a fifth straight quarter, the longest expansion in a decade, supported by continued strength in exports. Domestic demand rebounded, but economists question whether this strength will continue. Gross domestic product increased by an annualized 2.2% in the three months ended March 31 (estimate +1.7%), accelerating from a revised 1.4% in the previous quarter... The last time Japan strung together this many quarters of growth was in 2006..." May 15 - Bloomberg (Gareth Allan and Shingo Kawamoto): "Earnings reports by Japan's three megabanks on Monday pointed to a fourth straight fall in combined annual profit, even as the impact of negative interest rates begins to ease. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc., Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc., and Mizuho Financial Group Inc. forecast a 4.8% drop in combined net income to 2.13 trillion yen ($18.8bn) in the fiscal year ending March 2018 from the previous 12 months." EM Watch: May 19 - Reuters (Brad Brooks and Lisandra Paraguassu): "Brazil's top court released plea-bargain testimony on Friday accusing President Michel Temer and his two predecessors of receiving millions of dollars in bribes, the most damaging development yet in a historic political corruption probe. The testimony made public by the Supreme Court is from executives of the world's largest meatpacking company, and raises serious doubts about whether Temer can maintain his grip on the presidency. The scandals that have engulfed Brazil's political class and many business elites reduce the chances that Temer, a conservative who took office after leftist former President Dilma Rousseff was impeached last year, can push through economic reforms crucial for Latin America's biggest country to recover from its worst recession on record." May 16 - Bloomberg (Blaise Robinson): "The scorching gains that have put emerging-market equities on track for their best year since 2009 are showing signs of flagging. After the MSCI Emerging Market Index's surge of about 17% this year, momentum indicators suggest the rally is losing steam. The benchmark is approaching a resistance level formed by the trend line connecting the peaks in 2011, 2014 and 2015. While breaking above it would be a bullish omen, other technical signals also point to some overheating." May 19 - Bloomberg (Eric Martin): "Mexico's central bank unexpectedly raised its key interest rate for a sixth straight meeting to keep an increase in consumer prices from deepening after inflation accelerated to almost double policy makers' target... Banco de Mexico, led by Governor Agustin Carstens, lifted its benchmark by a quarter point to 6.75% Thursday..." May 16 - Bloomberg (Isabella Cota, Eric Martin, and Michelle Davis): "Mexican authorities have zeroed in on seven banks, including three from the U.S., as part of a widening investigation into price manipulation in the nation's bond market, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Local units of Banco Santander SA, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co., HSBC Holdings Plc, Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. have become the focus of the probe..." Leveraged Speculator Watch: May 15 - Bloomberg (Susanne Barton): "Expectations for another boost in U.S. interest rates are wearing down gold bulls. Hedge funds and other large speculators cut long positions in bullion futures and options by the most in more than eight years last week." Geopolitical Watch: May 17 - Reuters (Christine Kim): "South Korean President Moon Jae-in said... there was a 'high possibility' of conflict with North Korea, which is pressing ahead with nuclear and missile programs it says are needed to counter U.S. aggression. Moon made his comments hours after South Korea, which hosts 28,500 U.S. troops, said it wanted to reopen a channel of dialogue with North Korea as Moon seeks a two-track policy... North Korea has made no secret of its work to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the United States and has ignored calls to halt its nuclear and missile programs, even from China, its lone major ally." May 14 - CNN (Brad Lendon): "North Korea says the missile it tested Sunday is capable of carrying a large nuclear warhead, state media said... The country's leader, Kim Jong Un, supervised the launch of the Hwasong-12 missile that reached an altitude of 2,111.5 kilometers (1,312 miles) and flew 787 kilometers (489 miles)... The test was 'aimed at verifying the tactical and technological specifications of the newly developed ballistic rocket capable of carrying a large-size heavy nuclear warhead,' KCNA said." May 16 - Reuters (Christine Kim and Tom Miles): "North Korea's missile program is progressing faster than expected, South Korea's defense minister said... Han Min-koo told South Korea's parliament that Sunday's test had been detected by the controversial U.S. THAAD anti-missile system, which was deployed in South Korea last month, infuriating China. North Korea has defied all calls to rein in its nuclear and missile programs, even from China, its lone major ally, calling them legitimate self-defense. It has been working to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the U.S. mainland, and experts say Sunday's test was another step toward that aim." May 14 - Bloomberg (Jordan Robertson and Rebecca Penty): "An unrivaled global cyber-attack is poised to continue claiming victims Monday as people return to work and turn on their desktop computers, even as hospitals and other facilities gained the upper hand against the first wave. More than 200,000 computers in at least 150 countries have so far been infected, according to Europol, the European Union's law enforcement agency. The U.K.'s National Cyber Security Centre said new cases of so-called ransomware are possible 'at a significant scale.' 'We've seen the rise of ransomware becoming the principal threat, I think, but this is something we haven't seen before -- the global reach is unprecedented,' Europol Executive Director Rob Wainwright said..." May 16 - New York Times (Nicole Perlroth and David E. Sanger): "Intelligence officials and private security experts say that new digital clues point to North Korean-linked hackers as likely suspects in the sweeping ransomware attacks that have crippled computer systems around the world. The indicators are far from conclusive, the researchers warned, and it could be weeks, if not months, before investigators are confident enough in their findings to officially point the finger at Pyongyang's increasingly bold corps of digital hackers. The attackers based their weapon on vulnerabilities that were stolen from the National Security Agency and published last month." May 16 - New York Times (Choe Sang-Hun, Paul Mozur, Nicole Perlroth and David E. Sanger): "They take legitimate jobs as software programmers in the neighbors of their home country, North Korea. When the instructions from Pyongyang come for a hacking assault, they are believed to split into groups of three or six, moving around to avoid detection. Ever since the 1980s, reclusive North Korea has been known to train cadres of digital soldiers to engage in electronic warfare and profiteering exploits against its perceived enemies... In more recent years, cybersecurity experts say, the North Koreans have spread these agents across the border into China and other Asian countries to help cloak their identities. The strategy also amounts to war-contingency planning in case the homeland is attacked. Now this force of North Korean cyberhacking sleeper cells is under new scrutiny in connection with the ransomware assaults that have roiled much of the world over the past four days."     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Doug Noland Doug Noland Credit Bubble Bulletin I just wrapped up 25 years (persevering) as a "professional bear." My lucky break came in late-1989, when I was hired by Gordon Ringoen to be the trader for his short-biased hedge fund in San Francisco. Working as a short-side trader, analyst and portfolio manager during the great nineties bull market - for one of the most brilliant individuals I've met - was an exciting, demanding and, in the end, a grueling and absolutely invaluable learning experience. Later in the nineties, I had stints at Fleckenstein Capital and East Shore Partners. In January 1999, I began my 16 year run with PrudentBear, working as strategist and portfolio manager with David Tice in Dallas until the bear funds were sold in December 2008. In the early-nineties, I became an impassioned reader of The Richebacher Letter. The great Dr. Richebacher opened my eyes to Austrian economics and solidified my lifetime passion for economics and macro analysis. I had the good fortune to assist Dr. Richebacher with his publication from 1996 through 2001. Prior to my work in investments, I worked as a treasury analyst at Toyota's U.S. headquarters. It was working at Toyota during the Japanese Bubble period and the 1987 stock market crash where I first recognized my love for macro analysis. Fresh out of college I worked as a Price Waterhouse CPA. I graduated summa cum laude from the University of Oregon (Accounting and Finance majors, 1984) and later received an MBA from Indiana University (1989). By late in the nineties, I was convinced that momentous developments were unfolding in finance, the markets and policymaking that were going unrecognized by conventional analysis and the media. I was inspired to start my blog, which became the Credit Bubble Bulletin, by the desire to shed light on these developments. I believe there is great value in contemporaneous analysis, and I'll point to Benjamin Anderson's brilliant writings in the "Chase Economic Bulletin" during the Roaring Twenties and Great Depression era. Ben Bernanke has referred to understanding the forces leading up to the Great Depression as the "Holy Grail of Economics." I believe "The Grail" will instead be discovered through knowledge and understanding of the current extraordinary global Bubble period. Disclaimer: Doug Noland is not a financial advisor nor is he providing investment services. This blog does not provide investment advice and Doug Noland's comments are an expression of opinion only and should not be construed in any manner whatsoever as recommendations to buy or sell a stock, option, future, bond, commodity or any other financial instrument at any time. The Credit Bubble Bulletins are copyrighted. Doug's writings can be reproduced and retransmitted so long as a link to his blog is provided. Copyright © 2015-2017 Doug Noland All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
